SANTO KA SANTO KA1 Instructions
switching please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the function- of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Please the This and instructions the operation of the Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please AEG Service Force If or please Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL 1DZ Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliances Appliance the Location The Appliance of the the of the Appliance the ALARM OFF to Initial Initial COOLMATIC COOLMATIC Warning warning Switching the Appliance off
the Chill Shelf Bottle and Can of the and Can and Normal Sounds Food Defrosting and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning the the Light What to Regulations, Technical Terminology Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the If the supply Service Force that the or the back of the overheat and fire. If the the There of shock or fire. to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The within the of the with high of which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become
Instructions If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated. Child allow to with the or with the from (There of suffocation!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the to the fire and/or shock. Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information and reused. un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which compounds and recycled. The from Please of the with the Appliances of the off the and catches to trapped to country authorised Appliance of the There recessed the front of the and the back of the the top the with the recessed as the and the to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The then to the back and the easily pushed.
and from the of the ance. of with white the protection and off the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. the from the shelves: the the to the thicker section the of the shelf. the enough that and the from the
the force and the screws as the Screw the top to the the the of the the top the top of the and screw the to the
The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; only location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The the through the the and upwards the back To cover or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the maintained. Please whether, and the the fits tightly. to heavy frosting and higher "Something Appliance The please the turning the the front.
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
of the On the to the of of the The should the the turned The ously the the right of and the cover outward The then mounted the found the back of the cover The should from the the The from right (as supplied) to to the location where the Warning! from the the the and the plinth cover to the front. the hinge cover the plinth cover from the to the right. the
the With the closed, the cross-head screws from the and the wards. the from the the from the right to the the the Unscrew screw from the right and the and with screw the to the front and the to the
the the top and the with the the of the and the and the plinth. Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the from the Unscrew the top from the and screw the right-hand of the force and the screws as the Turn the with the and screw them to the and the force and the screws as the the
of the Appliance of the and with housing and
ON/OFF the COOLMATIC and COOLMATIC light (yellow) COOLMATIC cooling the ALARM OFF the The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons. These connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, (WARMER) or (COLDER). Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED means: The that the this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the that currently the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. of the Appliance
operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the currently (DESIRED If there the the shows or the ALARM OFF to Initial connecting the to the and the first the to upright. its the to hours switching This necessary to allow the to flow back the the Please the and to section: and The correctly with the "Installation" switched the first should that the and with the rating The of information. With the ALARM OFF the acoustic switched off, the when or the food to chilled.
Initial Press ON/OFF warning tone sounds and the warning light flashes indicating that the reached. The and then automatically. Press the ALARM OFF to switch off the to C or section: to immediately switching the the reached. With the buttons the the Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the To to warmer the (WARMER) button. To to the (COLDER) The immediately the Each the the C. C to C, C From food of C the should enough as the buttons the and displays the ACTUAL the tor. The from flashing to numbers. The and then automatically. Information! the the immediately currently
COOLMATIC COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and party. The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The yellow light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESI- RED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function of hours. The originally selected DESIRED The shows the ACTUAL The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The yellow light Once the COOLMATIC function switched the DESIRED that originally The function the cooling of or bottles the cool or of amounts of room-temperature food. The built-in charcoal reduces the of Chilling of cans/bottles or bottles the the front of the Turn the to and the COOLMATIC button. The light Chilling of food the food the the to and the COOLMATIC The light the or the food sufficiently cooled, the COOLMATIC The yellow light the to the this function activated, forced the and the the to C. hours the COOLMATIC function automatically. The light Turn the to its
Warning If the than the flash and acoustic tone sound. If to or rearrange foods, switch off the warning tone the ALARM OFF The off when the closed. warning The warning light flashes and warning tone sounds, as as the the warmer than C. possibly to: the or it of food; with the You off the tone the ALARM OFF The warning light and the tone switch off automatically, when the ACTUAL existing the below C Switching the Appliance off To switch off, the ON/OFF This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The off. The completely from the electricity supply when the from the The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the interruption of If the to Switch off the to this the ON/OFF the Clean the thoroughly section: and Clean- to of
the the the C. the therefore to the of the closed of Unintentional closing of the or closing of the who to Without the leaving the closed to the of and mould. emptying and cleaning the as follows: To the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) ton. The and flashing the DESIRED that currently the (WARMER) the The shown the of C reaches C. C the C appear the with the H. The operating To switch the back to operation, the (COLDER) the when the operation. The about C when the operation. This too food the If the closed when the operation, immediately which the closed equalised. The
The the the and this that and fresher The shelves to heights: the or and To height the The sections the the the or to the of the as required. If the the of the the right hand further the the or The the that groceries
bottles the with the to the front. bottles The bottle bottles. To this the bottle upwards, then the front the Chill Shelf The shelf of the To the performance the should the from the top. and Can The of the bottle and to of and bottles front of the To the to when sideways, the shelf backwards.
The bottle pulled when chilling bottles. of the and Can the with from the To the from the shelf, the hooks/brackets that surround the of the shelf. The pulled and and other as bottle the bottle to bottles from and sideways.
The cooling the There of C. with of therefore the shelves as without to account the which usually The the and around C higher than the The shows of food. The the and should C of meat and products. to that the C the lowest shelf the following yourself: of the of the with thermometer the closed overnight and the first thing the morning. At this the should than C; to the to Food the should covered or that they their or their to other The following with covers with
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too to allow to around each the to of heat, such as cooker, dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
Defrosting The and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. Warning! cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the and to they and from Cleaning Warning! products There the of the should when cleaning. Clean the with cloth and with and thoroughly. cleaning or other or cleaning The protective of the these. The of protects and therefore cleaning and products required. of the reduces cooling performance and increases this reason the the back of the once with or cleaner. everything switch the back
the To the performance the should once year with New purcha- sed from Service Force The the and reached the cover. The the the right of the and the cover outward The then pulled of its The the existing The should from the and Cleaning
and Cleaning the Light Warning! of shock! the light switch off and the Light specifications: V, W, the of that least this seat the Where to purchase: or AEG Service Force To switch the off the ON/OFF the To the light the head screw and the light cover the light the light cover and the head screw.
What to Service Force the following to the The the too high. Warning tone sounds, warning flashing light warning tone sounding shows or The Symptom there the there the household lights. the the within the operating the turned to the to than Switch off the warning tone the ALARM OFF the than necessary. Please warning section. There function Please inform Service Force the of the the to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed.
The light to Normal Sounds The immediately the If the there AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Symptom the correctly fitted. the the light switch This the of
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The where or formance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating (PNC) (S-No.) The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without