SANTO and Instructions
customer, operation please these operating instructions They informa- tion and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the function- of the stressed with warning and/ or with Warning!, Please the lowing This the operation of the Supplementary information and tions of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information. of Appliances Installation. Location. Instructions building-in the the Building-in. of the of the to Initial Starting and Switching off the shelves Correct Defrosting The Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Regulations, Technical terminology
Instructions These the interests of them or using the of If about the of these the Customer The the It the of food If the other than those or incorrectly, accepted the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling of foods, the which to the should the of please that the the supply the supply authorised service or using of the type. The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become aged. If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of wraps, There of suffocation! from
Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other children the household It therefore that and children with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the the cleaning the switch off the and or from the electricity supply. the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Instructions
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which free of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the You of using white and from the of the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or outhouse; only location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the The of the the recess. therefore with the plinth. The to upwards through the the back. The cross-sections should least of SN to C to C ST to C to C
Instructions building-in the to the function of the cover or the Instructions building-in the the The of both According to the the top and the bot- of the of housing of housing of housing It that the tion with the following Press the covers the ance and the
the the housing (A) touches the the and the the of to that of hinges. the with screws the included with the (C) and cover (D) Apply covers (B) as indicated. A, B, C, as shown the Instructions building-in the C C
Instructions building-in the (A) the of the and as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover (C) (A) the and the the (B) (A). together the and the and the as cated the the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of operations, to the of the properly. C PR167 PR168
(D) (B) to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the with the following and Earth Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: 1.The and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured Instructions building-in the PR167/1 GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
of the 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of of the of the shelves shelves Thermostat
to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and Starting and the when builtin! the to the electricity supply. the the internal light- switched The located the right of the Turn the clockwise The and operates automatically. Hightest warmest Lowest From food of C should sufficiently food the At of around 16C, should selected. At of around 25C, If or High and the thermostat to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the continuously to the the The to defrosting of the only when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the rear If this the thermostat back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. AEG62
Switching off the To switch off the the to If the to Switch off the turning the thermostat to the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of shelves shelves included with The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and Please the to the with shelves. items: the front of the age another to the rear. this to items the below.
The pulled and and other as Correct physical reasons, there the The the lowest shelf. Warmer the top age shelf, the and the the The shows which the of foods The of the type of food instructions. Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with Defrosting The The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost The cleaned the section "Cleaning and
Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock. cleaning switch the off and the from the or from the tricity supply. the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. the food from the covered. Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply Clean the and the with cloth and cleaning with fresh and the the rear of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything ance back service. To of the once the the and clean the with cleaner.
the boilers, or other of heat. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow to first. the than necessary. colder than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused only that the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force
What to Appliance The lighting Light The food too of frost, possibly the The immediately the Water the of the Symptom Appliance switched or blown or too cold. of food the within the hours. The heat airtight (possibly the This occurred. Water Switch the malfunctions to corrected Turn the thermostat to warmer porarily. Please the the Light section. Please the Initial section. the than necessary. Turn the thermostat to colder porarily. Please the location section. the sections of the with cool At the the hand such that correctly. The of the Cleaning and section.
the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off the the thermostat to the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and backwards. the light the light and the screw. the back operation. The following characteristic of Clicks the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard AEG65
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 to without