SKS31240S0 EN REFRIGERATOR USER MANUAL SKS61240S0
FOR PERFECT RESULTS ACCESSORIES AND CONSUMABLES Thank choosing this AEG created to performance years, with that features might ordinary Please reading to the from the AEG webshop, everything to AEG spotless and perfectly. with of and built to the high would from cookware to from bottle to the webshop www.aeg-electrolux.com/shop
CONTENTS information First hints and and cleaning What to Technical The following this information concerning and information to the information and information to without
information SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the (as to the as and the to children to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death child. CAUTION! clear of obstruction. The and/or as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the pliance, with high of compatibility, which theless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of thoroughly the which the
It to the or this age to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. WARNING! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of This should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the to sunlight. this selected household only. They household the the and the they Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. and cleaning switch off the and the from the the with the the defrosted If necessary, the If the the of the follow the instructions Unpack the and there the ance immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to back the If the cover If the information
should around the this leads to overheat- To follow the instructions to Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to only. Service to the servicing of the should or This serviced authorized Service and used. Protection This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and The insulation the to the to from authorities. the cooling the rear the heat The this the OPERATION Switching the the Turn the clockwise to Switching off To off the the to the "O" The regulated. To the as follows: the to the coldness. the higher to the coldness. the the should chosen that the the often the the of food If
the location of the If the high or the loaded, and the to the lowest continuously causing frost to the this the to higher to allow and therefore reduced FIRST USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. or as these the finish. DAILY USE fresh food The fresh food and and food To fresh foods to the operation, the higher to the coldness. this the might below 0C. If this the to warmer of food first or of the products the the least hours the higher the of defrosting, to the off than the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cook-
hints and shelves The of the with of that the shelves tioned as Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves heights. HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS the or than necessary. If the high and the to and the loaded, the continuously, frost or the If this the warmer to allow defrosting and electricity fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely around hints: Meat types) polythene and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the provided.
and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this top fresh and thoroughly cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw the required; the food or polythene and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than absolutely necessary. Once defrosted, food and the indicated the food CARE AND CLEANING CAUTION! the carrying operation. This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: and cleaning
and cleaning the and with and the and clean to they and from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or ishes to clean the as this the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and electricity of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer casing of this cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. Defrosting of the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where It to the the of the tor to the overflowing and the food the which already the Defrosting the amount of frost around the top Defrost the when the frost reaches thickness of about To the frost, these
Switch off the food, of newspaper and it cool the defrosting completed, the thoroughly. Switch the the to the and the ance or three hours this the previously food the WARNING! to off frost from the as mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the of the food their life. of the the following the from electricity supply food and the and the to If the to once while to the food from of WHAT TO DO IF WARNING! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshooting that this There sounds The The The ted to the correct- If The switched off. Switch the What to the to the correctly.
What to The There the The The stand-by. and the The to the The operates continually. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The too high. The too high. Water flows the of the Water flows the Products that flows the Water flows the ground. The the too The the too high. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too high. products the There the the Disconnect the from the the screw from the cover. The rectly. the process, frost the rear The outlet clogged. Clean the The outlet the the The correctly. The correctly. to the higher the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the This correct. that products the the outlet to the higher the crease to products the that there the
the to the the with of the and specifically household (the shown the cover). the cover. Tighten the screw to the cover. the to the the that the Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to "Installation". If necessary, the the Service TECHNICAL DATA of the The technical information the rating plate the internal of the and the INSTALLATION Positioning WARNING! If that or catch the that to The the installation. this location where the to the indicated the rating of the Technical
SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C that the and shown the rating to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the supply earthed, the ance to earth with The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. Directives. reversibility The of the to the right. If to the to the follow these the and the the the spacer. With the On the the the spacer. the Tighten the
The the the CAUTION! that the freely. the following Apply the to the as shown
the the the the of the arrow the cover the the the of the arrow the the of the the the that the the and the front- The cover the that the the and the correct. that the clearance the and the the the the to the with screws.
the from the cover (E). to the DX, the of right SX the covers (C, D) to the and the the covers (E) to the the and C
the the of the the the the and the of the together the and the and the
the and of from the outer of the where the (K). the the and with the screws supplied. the and the the Press the the to that: screws tightened. The attached tightly to the The and correctly.
Reversibility of the ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.aeg-electrolux.com/shop