Combination Instructions SANTO
Dear customer, operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the function- of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Please the This and instructions the of the Supplementary information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please AEG Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliances Appliance Location The Appliance The Appliance of Appliance to Initial and the FROSTMATIC Warning Warning Switching the Appliance the Compartment
FRESH FRUIT Preparation of Cubes and Normal Sounds Food and Cleaning the light What to Correcting Malfunctions Regulations, Technical Terminology Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force Please that the trapped the back of the and overheat and catch fire. the or of shock and fire! to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become
Instructions If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated. Child allow children to with the or with the from (There of suffocation!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the food should once or the frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. and the They burst when the recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the to the fire and/or shock. Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information and reused. un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which compounds and The from Please of the with the Appliances of the off the and catches to children to country authorised
Appliance to the There recessed the back of the the top the with the recessed as the and the to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The to the back and the easily pushed. and from the of the ance. of with white the protection and off the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each If to of heat the following clearances the of the and fired If these clearances heat the and the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The the through the the and exhausted upwards the back To or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the Please whether, and the the tightly. to heavy frosting and higher "What to the spacers from the and them the heat located the top of the of the as the tion, that the the back of the and the that Appliance The Please the turning the the front.
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the follow- and Earth the of the the of this with the the terminals as follows: The coloured and connected to the with the "E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the "N or coloured The coloured connected to the "L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
The The from right (as supplied) to to the location where the Warning! from the the the and with- the plinth cover to the front. At the the plinth cover from the covers the plinth from to right. Unscrew the bear- the and the screws enough to to the top of the the the from the of the and the when the bear- that the the bear- the and them the Unscrew the and and screw them the the covers the and them the the
the self-closing Unscrew the self-closing the right of the and screw the of the Unscrew the self-closing the right of the and screw the of the the the and the the the the both forwards the below the the and the housing and screw the tight with each the plinth cover with the To this the of the plinth cover the housing and the plinth cover the housing the catches of the plinth cover the housing. To this, the catches wards. the hinges, that the the perfectly the housing and that the lighting off when the closed. the with Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the from the Unscrew the top from the and screw the right-hand of the the screws as the Turn the with the and screw them to the and the the screws as the The
Appliance of Appliance and Compartment with Compartment/Bottle FRESH FRUIT-Box Plate
The no-frost-system both the of fresh and the of ready or cooled foods of cools the the of the which lated and distributed This fluctuations and throughout the The the as frost the as necessary, the automatically. The off to the and as of the heat there. This that the of the and the or food- free of frost and the WARNING OFF warning) (red) WARNING OFF warning) (red) FROSTMATIC the (yellow) ON/OFF Appliance
to Initial connecting the to the and ration the first the to upright. its the to hours operation. This to allow the to back the the Please clean the and to section: and Starting and the and sections each of the other. The the the top of the section. Within seconds the and switch the The ON/OFF lights the lighting and the If the sounds, this switched off the ALARM OFF button. Starting when the switched off: Press and the ON/OFF three seconds. The ON/OFF lights the lighting and the If the warning sounds, switched off the ALARM OFF
the the to the This to the (child switch warmest coin, the the turning the tion. The affected the the amount of food the and and the the the within the reached food immediately switching the the to the This to the warmest coin, the the turning the Select operation. Press the FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC nated and the continuously. To switch off the FROSTMATIC function, the FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC off. the the reached C foods. Where food concerned C should ciently food the Starting and the
Information: The and tone activated: when the the reached) the the too there malfunction the You the tone with the ALARM OFF The warning and tone switch off when the the below C. increase to: or of the of food; high the FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the protects already from The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC The The The FROSTMATIC function switched off manually the FROSTMATIC The the off. If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off the FROSTMATIC function hours. The yellow the off.
Warning the or the warning ton flashes and warning tone sounded. the the If or foods or them around switch off the warning tone the DOOR OPEN The flashing and red. The warning tone and the switch off when the closed. Warning The ALARM OFF flashes and tone sounds as as the the C. You the warning tone with the ALARM OFF The flashing and red. The warning tone and the switch off cally when the the below C. increase to: or of the of food; high the Attention! If of or thawing please the of the foods to they used. If the please AEG Service Force.
Switching the Appliance To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. The the off. If the to Switch off the holding the ON/OFF seconds. The the off. the or switch off. Clean the thoroughly section: Cleaning and the defrosting to of the the the C and C. the therefore to the of the closed of closing of the or closing of the who to Without the leaving the closed would to the of and mould. emptying and cleaning the as follows: To switch the the the to the when the The when the selected to C and C. This too foods. the Compartment If the when the operation, that immediately the which the closed equalised. The
The shelf the lowest the and with corners the back. It this that and fresh To the the corners forwards and to the The shelves to heights: the or and To height the bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. bottles The bottle bottles. To this the bottle upwards, then the front the
offered On there front of the the and This the of the food the and FRESH The the FRESH somewhat than the of the It therefore meat, and The FRESH pulled the front cover of the The pulled and and other as with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and FRUIT the FRUIT The and their The then or
The cooling the with perishability therefore the shelves as without to account the which The the the and somewhat higher than the The shows of food. foods too closely front of the the of the as the foods might to the the the following yourself: of the of the with thermometer the overnight and the first thing the morning. At this the should than C; to the to further information food cool and published the of Fisheries and Food and obtained of charge contacting: SE99 7TT. Food the should covered or that they their or their to other food. The following with covers with
To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too to allow to around each
Warning! foods the the C or Please indicated the rating The the amount of fresh that within hours. If the other, amounts to to of the indicated the rating foods which further (cooked the the FROSTMATIC hours to or to lights The FROSTMATIC of of to foods tight to that they or their and that of other with to the the with already otherwise the to Tips: The following the of and wraps; foods; extra-thick The following and wraps: or Press of and wraps of these quickly. foods to the with or because
Warning! of the with previously the of C reached. with that they or their and that of other Please and of to type Preparation of Ice Cubes with and the FRUIT or and allow to To the finished the or Warning! free which to the with or or The the of The numbers months the of Whether the or of the cated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too try to allow to around each the to of heat, such as cooker, dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Warning! cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Attention! Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. If the to cleaned, the FROSTMATIC hours to the the interruption service. the About hours to cleaning the FROSTMATIC to the operation. with to the them of newspaper, cover them and them cool Switch off and and from the or switch off or the or the Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. the and to they and from
of the increases this reason the beneath the once year with or cleaner. everything back service. the light Warning! of shock! the light switch off the and the Light specifications: V, W, T; clear, from Service Force To switch off the the ON/OFF seconds. The off. from the To the light the cover pressing the fas- back, then light the light cover and and Cleaning
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that rectify using the following instructions. other the the following information Warning! Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Customer Service. to the Appliance cools too too cold. The food too Symptom Appliance switched Switch the or blown or properly of food the within the hours. The heat necessary. malfunctions to corrected Turn the to warmer temporarily. Please the tion. the as as necessary. Press the FROSTMATIC ton. Turn the to colder temporarily. Please the tion" section.
The warning DOOR OPEN flash- the tone sounding The ALARM OFF flashing; the tone sounding the flashing and warning tone sounding function. Water the The immediately the Appliance If the there AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom The than and/or the than Please to warning Warning section. the Light The lighting switches off matically This occurred. What to Switch off the warning tone the DOOR OPEN the than necessary. Please AEG Service Force. the Please to the Light section. Clean and that The of the front to Normal Sounds
Regulations, This household and with the The necessary with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the warmth from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating (PNC) The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without