SANTO and Instructions
Dear please these operating instructions They informa- tion and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the function- of the stressed with warning and/ or with Warning!, Please the This the of the Supplementary information operation and tions of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information. of Appliances Installation. Location. the the Building the the plinth. supply of the of the to Initial Starting and shelves Correct and food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting The Defrosting the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions. the light Regulations, Technical terminology
Instructions These the interests of them or the of If about the meaning of these the Customer The the home. It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, the which to the should the of please that the the supply the supply authorised service or of the type. The within the of the with high of which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become aged. If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of wraps, There of suffocation! from
Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other the household It therefore that and children with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and injury. food with to the food. the cleaning the switch off the and or from the electricity supply. the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Instructions
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the You of white and from the of the
Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; only location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the right the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the from the the (A) of the from the the right (B) of the from the of SN to C to C ST to C to C DO002/2
the to the of the to the they click. the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the To the of the as shown the
Warning! of the tion, that the to the If the the fectly to the that the of the or this heating the with the the screwdriver, the the of the slightly upwards and the with the the covering (M) the Turn the through and the bearing the cavity of the the upwards, the and the the bearing the upwards and of the AEG43
Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the with the tion They to assembled the to the To these the screws the top and right front corners of the the as shown the and the screws. Right
the The of the to the tricity supply should positioned, that the the recess. To the height as follows: or the front The rear feet turning the screw the front to the or right. If necessary, the to the and of the To the them the If required, the of these reduced them where N.B. The (B) to assembled the the recess. II52
the and the with screws through the the or as necessary. To mount the as shown the C
C C
of of
the covering
the plinth the of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=870 and plinth height plinth than should the plinth, the of the tion, leaving height of plinth to the The plinth of from the Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and higher What to correctly earthed the ply. The supply rating of least Amps. If the once the built the include of the from the fused to the rating plate to supply and with those of the the location. AC or to The rating plate the the right.
The only or If please AEG Service Force to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the right. The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: 1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of ty. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
of the of the shelves Thermostat food food, to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and
Starting and the when builtin! the to the electricity supply. the the internal light- switched The located the right of the Turn the clockwise The and operates automatically. Hightest warmest Lowest From food of +5C the and -18C the should enough as The the and regulated. At of around 16C, should selected. At of around 25C, If or On this the fresh food the reliably and that of -18C the If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should promptly the thermostat to or the of the fresh food High and the thermostat to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the continuously to the the The to of the only when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the AEG62
If this the thermostat back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. Switching off the To switch off the the to If the to and Switch off the turning the thermostat to the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of shelves shelves included with The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and Please the to the with shelves. items: the front of the another to the rear. this to items the below.
with which shelf and sideways. The from the the or and the the the and the age back the This that food months the The of the type of food instructions. of fresh foods and Food the should covered or to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with Correct
and food The and food. The the 18C or cold- fresh food or food already too The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked foods airtight or to that they or their and that of other food with to the food causing the food the of the food items already otherwise the food to Tips: The following the of and wraps; extrathick The following and wrappings: or Smooth the of the the food to these to the with or because
Preparation of Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. to free that to the pointed or the the Defrosting The The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost Defrosting the and when the the as frost. this frost from to with the or to frost. The should when the of frost reached thickness of however least once defrosting when the or only amount of food. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process, with the tion of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they to health and/or that plastics. food with to the food causing food, layers of newspaper and covered, cool Switch off the and or from the tricity supply.
Cleaning and the from the outlet and neath to catch the You the defrosting with the and the of that they completely defrosting, thoroughly the "Cleaning and section). Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock. cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or from the electricity supply. the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool Defrost the to cleaning Defrosting section). AEG47
Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and the with cloth and cleaning with fresh and the (F) the of the Clear with the of the (P) the of included with the everything back service. of the performance of the and electricity The of the ance to the rear to the cleaner. the plinth then the the checking that there from the Cleaning and
the boilers, or other of heat. High of the and the and the back of the the Allow foods to cool first. the than necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force Appliance Symptom Appliance switched or blown or Switch the malfunctions to corrected
The The food too lighting Light of frost, possibly the The immediately the Water the of the Symptom too cold. of food the within the hours. The heat airtight (possibly the This occurred. Water What to Turn the thermostat to warmer porarily. Please the Initial section. the than necessary. Turn the thermostat to colder porarily. Please the location section. Please the the Light section. the sections of the with cool At the the warmed such that correctly. The of the Cleaning and section.
the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off the the thermostat to the To the light the screw. Press the light as shown and backwards. the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation. The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear Bubbling/Splashing flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard AEG65
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to it to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 to without