Built-In and instructions SANTO
customer, switching please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the function- of the stressed with warning and/or with Warning!, Please the This the of the information operation and tions of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information of Appliances Location the the Building the the plinth supply of the of the to Initial Starting and Switching off the shelves Correct and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Regulations, Service and Customer Conditions Technical terminology
Instructions These the interests of them or the of If about the of these the Customer The the It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, accepted the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, the which to the should the of please that the the supply the supply authorised service or of the type. The contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless Warning and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of wraps, There of suffocation! from
Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that children themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other children the household It therefore that and with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and injury. food with to the Warning the tor and/or Warning to the function of the cover or the Warning the cooling Warning mechanical or other to defrosting they recommended the cleaning the switch off the and or from the electricity supply. the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. This should serviced authorised and should used. Instructions
should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Appliance Information sound! They of or burned without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them inoperable. from the or or This that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which other- caused of this information about recycling of this please
city office, household service or the where purchased the The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the Installation Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the right the of the The following shows which each directly allowed. The of the which high, the If the the and instructions to. Considering the which there of information of SN to C to C ST to C to C
It necessary to overheating of the from heat and the of thermal insulation of the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the from the the (A) of the from the rear the right (B) of the from the the to the of the to the they click. DO002/2 DO001
the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the To the of the as shown the Warning! of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
the Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the DO013
with the They to assembled the to the To these the screws the top and right front corners of the the as shown the and the screws. Right hand
the The necessary of the to the tricity supply should positioned, that the the recess. To the height as follows: or the front The turning the screw the front plate to the or right. If necessary, (E) the to the and of the To the them the If required, the of these reduced them where The cover (B) to assembled the the recess. II52
the and the with screws (I) through the the or as necessary. To mount the as shown the
of
the covering
the plinth the of the it that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=870 and plinth height plinth than should the plinth, the of the tion, height of plinth to the The plinth of from the Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and higher What to supply correctly earthed the ply. The supply rating of least If the once the built the include of the from the fused to the rating to supply and with those of the the location. AC or to The rating the the right
The or If please AEG Service Force to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the right The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: 1.The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of ty.
of the of the shelves Thermostat to Initial Please clean the and to section: Cleaning and
Starting and the when builtin! the to the electricity supply. the the internal light- switched The located the right of the Turn the clockwise The and operates automatically. Hightest warmest Lowest From food of +5C the and -18C the should enough as The the and regulated. At of around 16C, should selected. At of around 25C, If or On this the fresh food the reliably and that of -18C the If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should promptly the thermostat to or the of the fresh food High and the thermostat to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the to the the The to of the when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the
If this the thermostat back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. Switching off the To switch off the the to If the to and Switch off the turning the thermostat to the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of shelves shelves included with The height of the shelves To this the shelf upwards or and Please the to the shelf height.
with shelves. items: the front of the another to the rear. this to items the below. with which and sideways. The from the the shelf or and the the the and the age shelf back the with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and
Correct physical reasons, there the The the lowest shelf. Warmer the top shelf, the and the the The shows which the of foods Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with and food The and food. The the 18C or cold- fresh food or food already too The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked
foods airtight or to that they or their and that of other food with to the food causing the food the of the food items already otherwise the food to Tips: The following the of and wraps; extrathick The following and or Smooth the of the the food to because these quickly. to the with or Preparation of Ice Cubes the with it the and to To the the or it seconds. to that to the pointed or the the
Defrosting The automatically The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost Defrosting the and when the the as frost. this frost from to with the or pointed to frost. The should when the of frost reached thickness of however least once defrosting when the or amount of food. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process, with the tion of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they to health and/or that plastics. food with to the food causing food, of newspaper and covered, cool Switch off the and or from the tricity supply. the from the and neath to catch the You the defrosting with the and closing the of that they completely thoroughly clean the "Cleaning and section).
Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock. cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or from the electricity supply. clean the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food of newspaper. cool Defrost the to cleaning Defrosting section). Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and the with cloth and cleaning with fresh and the (F) the of the Clear with the of the (P) the of included with the everything back service. S.I.011
of the performance of the and electricity The of the ance to clean the to the using cleaner. the plinth then the the checking that there from the the boilers, or other of heat. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. the than necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to the
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that rectify the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force Symptom Appliance The food too The lighting Light of frost, possibly the Appliance switched or blown or defective. of food the within the hours. The heat too cold. airtight (possibly the Switch the malfunctions to corrected Please the Initial section. the than necessary. Turn the thermostat to porarily. Please the location section. Turn the thermostat to warmer porarily. Please the the Light section. the sections of the with cool At the the such that correctly.
The immediately the Water the of the the ight Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off the the thermostat to the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and backwards. the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation. Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Symptom This occurred. Water The of the Cleaning and section.
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the heading Something Not the Service Force to following and telephone 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or futher information products, please Customer or the below or www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk. Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply ted the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and stically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard
AEG D-90327 to without