SANTO Upright Instructions
customer, operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the function- of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Please the lowing This and numbered instructions the of the Supplementary information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the user the section "Something If these instructions should please AEG Service Force If or please Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL 1DZ Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliances Appliance Location The Appliance the of the Appliance the to Initial Initial FAST CHILL Switching the Appliance off the
and Normal Sounds Food Defrosting The and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning the Light Something Not Working Regulations, Technical Terminology Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated.
Instructions Child allow children to with the or with the from (There of suffocation!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information and reused. un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which compounds and The from Please of the with the Appliances of the off the and catches to children to country authorised
Appliance of the There recessed the front of the and the back of the the top the with the recessed as the and the to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The then to the back and the easily pushed. and from the of the ance. of with white
the protection and off the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. the from the shelves: the the to the thicker section the of the shelf. the shelf enough that and the from the
Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The the through the the and upwards the back To cover or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the Please whether, and the the fits tightly. to heavy frosting and higher "Something Appliance The please the turning the the front. each other, the spacers the wrapping should the ances as shown the
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
the The from right (as supplied) to to the location where the Warning! from the the the and the plinth to the front. the cover the plinth cover from the to the right. the With the closed, the cross-head screws from the and the the from the the from the right to the the the bear-
the the the right and the cover from the to the right of the the the of the the to the front and the to the the the top bearing and the bearing with the the of the and the from the to the right and cover the with the attached. the and the plinth cover.
of the Appliance of the and with included with plate
of the Appliance ON/OFF light ON/OFF the FAST CHILL light (yellow) FAST CHILL cooling the FAST CHILL the These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL light illuminated) to the of the DESIRED light flashing) of the buttons, (WARMER) or (COLDER). With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED field. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that the this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing light. ACTUAL The the that currently the The ACTUAL indicated continuously light. The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons.
The of information. operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed, the light If the the warmer than the of the the lights the extinguished. If the the than the of the then the light the lowest to the the currently flashes (DESIRED If there malfunction the that the from further measured, the lights the flash. to Initial the to the and the first the to upright. its the to hours operation. This to allow the to flow back the the Please the and to section: and Initial Press ON/OFF The lights the to the section: to immediately switching the the reached.
With the and buttons the the Press either the (WARMER) or (COLDER) button. The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the To to warmer the (WARMER) To to colder the (COLDER) The immediately displayed the The with each of From food of C the should enough as If the seconds the from the DESIRED to the ACTUAL The from flashing to tion. FAST CHILL The FAST CHILL function switched the FAST CHILL ton. The light The FAST CHILL function cooling. DESIRED of C selected. The FAST CHILL function automatically of hours. The originally selected DESIRED The shows the ACTUAL The FAST CHILL function manually the FAST CHILL The light The FAST CHILL function cooling of of the and party.
Switching the Appliance off To switch off, the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the of If the to from service Switch off the to this the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. or switch off the supply. Clean thoroughly section: and the to the of the If the closed when the operation, immediately which the closed equalised. The If with QUICK integrated the the easily
the track the It this that and fresh The shelves to the shelf it or and To height the items: the front of the and then of items the below. The pulled and and other as The sections the the the or to the of the as required.
If the the of the the right further the the or The the that groceries bottles the with the to the front. bottles The bottle bottles. To this the bottle upwards, then the front the with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and
physical reasons, the The the lowest immediately the and trays. Warmer the shelves and racks. The where of food to the of instance, the immediately the and should C of meat and products. to that the C the lowest the following yourself: of the of the with thermometer the closed overnight and the first thing the morning. At this the should than C; it to the to further information food cool and published the of Fisheries and Food and free of charge contacting: SE99 7TT. Food the should covered or that they their or their to other food. The following with covers with
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too to allow to around each the to of heat, such as dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
Defrosting The The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost collected the the of the through the the the base, and then and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. Warning! cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or Clean the of the through and that the clear If clear of the outlet to the the and clean to they and free from Cleaning the outer with Warning! products There the of the should when cleaning. of the reduces cooling performance and increases this reason the the back of the once with or cleaner.
the Light Warning! of shock! the light switch off and the Light specifications: V, W, the of that least this seat the Where to purchase: or AEG Service Force To switch the off the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. the To the light the head screw and the light cover the light the light cover and the head screw. and Cleaning
Something Not Working Service Force the following to the The the too high. The continuously The light of frost. to Normal Sounds Symptom there the there the household lights. the the within the operating the turned to the relative to the to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the correctly fitted. the the light switch If the airtight the apply to the to heat. heater this This the and allow to to its
Water Water the and The immediately the If the there AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Symptom This the of
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic, or Should repairs necessary the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service If carrying the there with please AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and telephone Clear and of the of purchase (PNC) (S-No.) This information found the rating plate the of the the Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, invited to Customer or the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. AEG Appliances High Street SL 1DZ recorded
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG