SANTO Instructions PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION
customer, please these operating instructions They informa- tion and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the function- of the stressed with warning and/ or with Warning!, Please the This the operation of the information operation and tions of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information. of Appliances Installation. Location. the Building the the plinth. supply of the of the to Initial and Switching off the shelves Correct Defrosting The Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Regulations, Technical terminology
Instructions These the interests of them or the of If about the meaning of these the Customer The the It the of food If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling of foods, the which to that the the supply the supply authorised service or of the type. the should the of please The within the of the with high of which nevertheless Warning and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the
of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other children the household It therefore that and with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the and/or Warning the tor and/or Warning to the function of the cover or the Warning the cooling cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force Instructions
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them inoperable. from the or or This that children themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the right the of the The following shows which each directly allowed. The of the which high, the If the the and instructions to. Considering the which there of information It to overheating of the from heat and the of thermal insulation of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the from the the (A) of the from the the right (B) of the from the the to the of the to the they click. the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the To the of the ceed as shown the DO002/2
of the tion, that the to the If the the fectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the with the tion They to assembled the to the To these the screws the top and right front corners of the the as shown the and the screws. Right
the The of the to the tricity supply should positioned, that the the recess. To the height as follows: or the front The turning the screw the front to the or right. If necessary, the rear to the and of the To the them the If required, the of these reduced them where N.B. The cover (B) to assembled the the recess. II52
the and the with screws through the the or as necessary. To mount the as shown the C
Installation C C
of of
the covering
the plinth the of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=870 and plinth height plinth heights than should the plinth, the of the tion, height of plinth to the The plinth of from the Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and higher What to supply correctly earthed the ply. The supply rating of least Amps. If the once the built the include of the from the fused to the rating to supply and with those of the the location. AC or to The rating plate the the right.
The only or If please Service Force to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating the right. The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the the as follows: 1.The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of ty. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
of the of the shelf shelves Thermostat to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and
Starting and the when builtin! the to the electricity supply. the the internal light- switched The located the right of the Turn the clockwise The and operates automatically. means: Hightest warmest Lowest From food of C should sufficiently food the At of around 16C, should selected. At of around 25C, If or High and the thermostat to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the continuously to the the The to defrosting of the when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the rear If this the thermostat back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and recommenced. AEG62
Switching off the To switch off the the to If the to Switch off the turning the thermostat to the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of shelves shelves included with The height of the shelves To this the swivelled upwards or and Please the to the height. with shelves. items: the front of the shelf another to the rear. this to items the shelf below.
with age which and The from the the it or and the the the and the age back the Bottle with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and sideways.
Correct physical reasons, there the The the lowest shelf. Warmer the top shelf, the and the the The shows which the of foods Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with Defrosting The The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost
Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock. cleaning switch the off and the from the or from the tricity supply. the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. the food from the cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply Clean the and the with cloth and cleaning with fresh and the (F) the of the Clear with the of the (P) the of included with the everything back service.
of the performance of the and electricity tion. The of the to the to the cleaner. the plinth then the the that there from the the or other of heat. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. the than necessary. colder than necessary. What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force
Appliance The lighting Light The food too of frost, possibly the The immediately the Water the of the Symptom Appliance switched or blown or too cold. of food the within the hours. The heat airtight (possibly the This occurred. Water What to Switch the malfunctions to corrected Turn the thermostat to warmer porarily. Please the the Light section. Please the Initial section. the than necessary. Turn the thermostat to porarily. Please the location section. the sections of the with cool At the the such that correctly. The of the Cleaning and section.
the light Warning! There of the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off the turn the thermostat to the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and backwards. the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation. The following characteristic of Clicks the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and AEG65
the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Technical terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 to without