INSTRUCTION MANUAL Direct Cool WRM2000_A-R WRM2800_A-R WRM3500_A-R It information to the of the Printed 2MK-6-P101-156-00-0 choosing Please this operating and to years.
WRM2000_A-R WRM3500_A-R Compartment Cube Shelf Scraper Shelf Food WRM2800_A-R
the and the screws the of the performance the front of the should slightly higher than the back. Allow least the and the back and to allow the sunlight or heat from the from and the with its own outlet (230V, phase AC). with other the ground (Green/yellow located the the back of the to or to cover screw of the or to least the ground.
Clean the thoroughly. the with cloth, the with cloth. the and the its The should Turn the thermostat to the and allow the to The should then of frost. The smoothly with sound. the satisfactory, supply or authorized Service the of traced. You the turning the thermostat Cubes the with and the of the the ready they easily twisting the both of the Turn the to the warmer Turn the to the right
Food the of the fresh food and the front. Then, the such as and which to the of the to the back and to allow which easily should wrapped with or and to foods, them with or them the airtight the the of the bottles them. to bottles such as cokes, the which to the of the shelves. If to fresh and them
The cooling the defrosted whenever the required. thick temporarily the high or the frequently. however, of operation. The should of the frost and should allowed to thicker than inches). Scrape frost off the with the with This without operation. operation, frost the become too to with If the to or OFF the and the clean of frost with towel. that, the and the Defrosting WRM3500_A-R) While defrosting, the DRAIN CAP from the DRAIN BULB as illustrated. The DRAIN CAP the defrosting completed, the DRAIN CAP back to the
cleaning the should from the and food. Clean the of the cloth to and thinner, cleaning and internal and with towel. To from of and thoroughly affected and with cloth. or other Clean of the once month. It to the every when defrosted. the with cloth. with this when shows of or (Please service servicing.) the from scratched and or relocating the front the the the and malfunction. Also, the of the with to scratches. Cleaning the Since the the efficiency, the to clean.
To the cloth with or and shelves and with towel. the with cloth and with Dont to the the to the with cloth when splasher or Occasionally and other which the back of the and the the to heat efficiency high. the cleaning. If the properly. of the its service or to PROCEDURE the of the from the the off turning counter-clockwise. the with 240V, 15W characteristic. and it clockwise. To the to It recommended to the service or to the
such as and near the there of the the of to fire or of the of the to splash the back of the the insulation of impaired the and back of the and the mechanical the back of the their high. If the turned off or allow least restarting or the thinner, or cleaning of the and If the properly. The of to the supply, the shield light then the from the the and reassembly the If the supply the or its service or to the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the defrosting process. the food of the they of the type the the This Cyclopentane insulation, should from heat or when isnt properly used. this off correctly, of and health, which otherwise caused of this please city office or household service.
service please the below. easily rectified. If service, please the where purchased or the service operating warmer than sounds operates collects supply If or off Too or too the amounts of food You food the The or the back of the the Normal when first to usually hours to completely cool amounts of food to cooled or weather too cold. Too or too weather, when You food the
Source Defrosting Insulation Blowing Top Table Ice Cube Shelf With and of this and specifications to without DESCRIPTION WRM2000_A-R V, Phase MODEL WRM3500_A-R WRM2800_A-R Defrost Cyclopentane HFC-134a