Instruction P/N
Instructions Includes Connecting Ice To Water Instructions Ice and Water Food Normal Sounds Cleaning Warranty Something Not Congratulations purchase of Products of and completely to with the service Please this Instruction It information to properly and know and Thank You choosing purchases. PLEASE READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS This operating instructions only as instructed this These instructions to cover every and that Common and when operating and Please and below reference. This information found the plate located the NOTE: to Purchase Please and the Product Card included with
It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or the If about of this information please services This should when It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow children to with the or with the from This only, specifically the of only. food NOT once or the items from the as this or frost/ burns. Instructions frost/freezer burns straight from the should strictly to. to instructions. and Cleaning Switch off and the carrying cleaning or Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service Force and At the of the Appliance of authorised the and to children trapped
to this should or THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home. IMPORTANT The the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the <<E>> or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates Instructions BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and modifications. Please that when the easily the the of breakdown.
This operating instructions the as instructed this the follow these first LOCATION Choose that earthed 13A Not or If the of sunlight and from the cooker, dishwasher or other heat The that and enough to supply with INSTALLATION Not the where the below 55F (13C) or 110F (43C). The to the the the front of the of Clearances Allow the following clearances ease of installation, and and Top DOOR OPENING NOTE: If with the to allow the should to allow easy to counter when food. of and the should where both the and TOE GRILLE INSTALLATION REMOVAL To Toe and fresh food from of top of and Gently first of free. the and the of free. this and the graphic top of right To Toe and fresh food of the four resting through of Starting from of first top and this snapped and to LEVELING four corners of with front to To and closing, the should front to back. To To Toe screwdriver or wrench to front NOTE: The to themselves within both to four
To shock, which death or the from connecting supply to the To Property recommended the supply Water supply of recommended greatly increases the supply DO NOT supply where below Chemicals from malfunctioning the If the connected to that the and properly. IMPORTANT: that supply with The Water You wrench, screwdriver, and TM screwdriver Access to household with and supply of inch OD, To the of to the from the the back of the to Then approximately the cleaning (as shown). to the supply to household DO NOT type and connecting the supply to the To Water To from of supply or Turn ON and supply clear. Turn OFF supply off Unscrew from and then supply as shown. supply as as inch). and Tighten another with wrench; DO NOT With and screw, supply to rear of as shown. supply (about as shown and they or wear other Turn ON supply shutoff and that to switch turned On location of switch). IMPORTANT: It hours the to to or three of New to or the first hours. Connecting To Water
Instructions DOOR REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS: If to the through follow these to the IMPORTANT: from food from shelves. supply. both then to learn To top screw and cover. Trace around with This to when they replaced. top and off necessary. this to To Disconnect from of located front of Press of then to top screw and cover. top thumbs of each and both back and forth, then with firm both Trace around with This it to when they replaced. top allowing to through and off of to necessary. this to both and touches of and cord.
At to
COOL DOWN PERIOD To food allow the to with the closed least hours with food. REFRIGERATOR FREEZER CONTROLS NOTE: hours hours, the as and allowing to and to the The of through with the Both the and Food the factory to the To the to higher or the Warmer or to the The first the the shows the Each of the that the The shows momentarily, then back to the IF THE TEMPERATURE DISPLAYS FLASH... If both displays continously flashing, that the performance Service Force who the flashing To the and with food items. Food If Fresh Food too higher the Food If Food too the Warmer higher If too the If too the Warmer
OTHER CONTROL FEATURES Cooling On/Off TURNING THE COOLING SYSTEM ON AND OFF You the cooling the On/Off located the of the To that off the cooling the and three seconds. Once the cooling to the and fresh food To the cooling back and the On/Off three seconds. IMPORTANT: Pressing the On/Off the cooling to lights and other To off to the from the NOTE: Each the tone acknowledges input.
ICE CREAM SHELF (SOME MODELS) This shelf attaches to the top of the It allows of both round and of To or property shelves scratched, or to CANTILEVER SHELF ADJUSTMENT shelves easily to the shelves, food. shelves the back of the To shelves: front the the of the shelf the the the and TM shelves catch and the TM shelves easy to food and cleaning. The shelves of their mounting the front of the shelf as as the allow from their mounting Ice Shelf Shelf Shelf
DOOR STORAGE and shelves of bottles, and items selected. that and and capacity. The which warmer than the food section, of or ADJUSTABLE DOOR BINS that to To straight TALL BOTTLE RETAINER (SOME MODELS) The Bottle the from when or closing the To the the top, and the of the as shown the SPECIAL ITEM RACK (SOME MODELS) The of the Item allows to of bottle of two-litre bottle, or of The Item mounts the of To the Item as shown the Item
CRISPERS (SOME MODELS) The located the shelf, and other fresh items clear and them the Items with or high should wrapped HUMIDITY CONTROL (SOME MODELS) The with allows to the within the This the of fresh that high NOTE: when with the Humidity Higher or without Humidity This incoming to and MEAT KEEPER with Meat Meat the Meat this of meat items. If to than or they should The Meat and or If or to the Meat the Meat to warmer to WINE RACK (SOME MODELS) The bottles of or two-liter bottles of or To the the with the facing To the of shelf. Meat with
AUTOMATIC ICE WATER DISPENSER OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS C C o o o o o o o C C C o o o o o o o C o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o and Water to
ICE AND WATER DISPENSER FEATURES The and and or crushed the To the the option the Press the as as to catch To from the the completely (Complete instructions the operation attached to the of the the Water Works The located the as operation, the recommended supply should and the connected to the supply, the of It about activating the to this first flushing the to the and of The built that the flow of release the to the Chemicals from malfunctioning the If the to that the and properly. the Works The and located the top of the the properly and cooled hours, the within hours. the to or three of the On/Off switch. Press the switch to the to and to the to On. With it to the The built-in arm,which when the This should to manually the of the first of or These should the free of and ICE DISPENSER TIPS too Empty the and that the On/Off switch turned On to the The then Occasionally the to separated. the On/Off switch to the the connected to the supply or whenever the supply turned off. IMPORTANT: The turned On the factory as as If supply, the On/Off switch to the the when to without If of to directly from the The following sounds when the operating: Ice Water or closing Turn the when cleaning the and If the turned off of should off the supply Ice and Water Water to malfunction. The to pounds of every hours of every to If the than the and The or Ice from
the as when or the there there and Water CLEANING THE ICE DISPENSER Clean the and or or the Turn off the On/Off switch. and Empty and the with with clear or cleaners. Allow to completely the and the and that the the Press the On/Off switch to IMPORTANT: or the the the If the turned, the turning it the fits with the and the hour or the to and together and the The frequently. together the and the the and to the NEVER or to the This the and
PureSource TM Ice and Water NOTE: If purchased with PureSource TM Ice and Water please the following and information. This and to and It located the right back of the fresh food Water supply to turned off, however, and while The already the housing the factory. to the The Water Works section to properly the with through the where bought the Service Force or to www.serviceforce.co.uk. It might to when first to the RG- PureSource* The PureSource NGRG- and Water with the RG-100 tested and NSF International, the nationally and respected, health The PureSource* tested and to ANSI/NSF performance specifications. This should that or with of the disinfected or through the Rated Capacity Rated service flow GPM Rated PSI and Water the Water throughout the the months normally the highest The light of through the and Also, the that awhile the the The without (with To It to the off to the and Turn the switch to the firmly, and as This should with If housing, gently, while back and forth. The that the the the Should the back the to screwing the back If the becomes to from Service Force from and The with the should of the Screw with back housing. Not Wrench To as tightened. completely with PureSource facing outward. Not Tighten Stop. Turn the switch to the On from the with If there and the of completely. To and from with flushing the approximately to that the the IMPORTANT: The Light the necessary to the located the and This the light. the the and lights seconds). Please to the operating instructions attached to the of the On without there of included the that the Choose that months and from the of the the front of the to when to the
PureSource2 TM and Water NOTE: If purchased with PureSource2 TM and Water front please the following and information. This and to and It located the right front of the fresh food Water supply to turned off, however, and while The already the housing the factory. to the The Water Works section to properly the with through the where bought the Service Force or to www.serviceforce.co.uk. It might to when first to the FC- PureSource* The PureSource2 TM* Ice and Water NGFC with the PureSource2 TM* FC tested and NSF International, the nationally and respected, health The PureSource2 TM* tested and to ANSI/ NSF and performance specifications. This should that or with of unknown the disinfected or through the Rated Rated service flow GPM Rated PSI Ice and Water the Water throughout the the every months normally the highest The light of through the and Also, the that awhile the the The without (with and To It to the supply off to the Turn the switch to the the Release located to the right of the to release the from the housing. To the of the of the housing would to the as NOTE amount of released this operation. You should or cloth to that of the or housing. the back of the housing to It would to clear food this the top of the the straight of the housing. the the from the and the housing the the the the assembly the back of the housing. The assembly the At this to the completely the front of the with the front of the housing. Turn the switch to the On with this, the housing. There noticeable and as the the through the and the This of to the approximately to that the the IMPORTANT: The Light the to the located the and This the light. the the and lights seconds). Please to the operating instructions attached to the of the
FOOD STORAGE IDEAS Food The fresh food should C and C with of C. overcrowding the shelves. This reduces the of around the food and cooling. and the to the and Meat meat and should wrapped securely and of other foods or Food The should or lower. operates efficiently when least To and or airtight Force as of the as and them tightly. Trapped food to and burn). and with wrap to meat that completely Loading the too food to the This the the of and the of foods. the freely, allowing food to as as hard-to-freeze foods such as and the shelves. These foods the where the Food Ideas ENERGY SAVING IDEAS the the of the of sunlight, and from heating or the to heat-producing such as or dishwasher. If this section of cabinetry or of insulation the the efficiently. the that the tightly. to this the overcrowd the or Doing the to and Cover foods and them the This build-up the the to reduce as items as and the as as
UNDERSTANDING THE SOUNDS YOU MAY HEAR high-efficiency sounds. these sounds that become to They operating as such as or walls, and sounds noticeable. The following of the sounds hear, and what causing them. NOTE: insulation sound Normal Sounds Sights A. The of through the or sound. B. You hear forced through the the C. Defrost Heater the heater hissing or sound. sound IMPORTANT: the the the back of This the D. If with hear the E. Cold Defrost mechanical sounds. F. You hear forced through the the G. high-efficiency than The high-pitched or sound. H. Water If with hear sound as the to the each IMPORTANT: turned On the factory as as To function of supply immediately or the On/Off switch to the I. You hear the the J. sounds from forced K. Motorised light or clicking operation.
to build-up. immediately and both sections least type of scouring cleaners or dishwasher. the from the outlet cleaning. the straight the from to as this the to the the to with or CHLORIDE to NOTES: If to off cooling, to lights and other the from the or other which scratch the when from or with of and or, the with the of already the Cleaning and Interior/Door of of and to wring of or cloth cleaning around light or and with cloth. and items dishwasher. and and and household cleaners, or and to cloth to smooth Non Not cloth to smooth and Only) Cleaning Chart and Ammonia CHLORIDE to Cleaners Cleaning Allow to to from front of and with cloth or and Clean front and with and dishcloth. with clean and cloth. with towel, and cleaner. These cleaners purchased or stores. follow instruction. NOTE: clean, and with the to scratching. the of the with and and with cloth.
Wear when light to with REPLACING LIGHT BULBS Allow the and to cool which recently Wear as protection and heat. light cover, necessary. Unscrew and with of the type and light cover, necessary. to the back Short Vacations Vacations IMPORTANT: If the to or the the and completely. to when the back service. service to this operation. This chargeable Cleaning or Light Light and Moving operating vacations of or perishable items from Turn off and food and month or Turn the cooling off On/Off and Turn off and supply to closed Clean thoroughly. both to and build-up. necessary. food and If handcart, from the to them or to scratching Light
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Conditions
IMPORTANT If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the Service Force the following PROBLEM CAUSE CORRECTION RUNNING OF REFRIGERATOR Cooling turned outlet disconnected. House blown or tripped too or weather or too recently of too or too slightly too found section). dirty, worn, cracked, or poorly fitted. off and frequently. the displays flashing. performance TEMPERATURES ARE TOO COLD too cold. satisfactory. too cold. satisfactory. Food too cold. Food Meat Something Not too cold. to warmer Allow hours to too to warmer Allow cold. hours to Meat Meat to too cold. (Meat should below the fresh It crystals to to the of meat.) Turn cooling On. section. This The periodically, about tightly Check/replace house lights. Company. Its the to these It hours the to cool completely. operation to slightly the to food and from PROBLEM section OPENING/CLOSING OF DOORS/DRAWERS to warmer satisfactory. Allow to Clean or to to This and off to Service Force who or flashing the displays.
PROBLEM CAUSE CORRECTION TEMPERATURES ARE TOO WARM too too or too slightly too satisfactory. too satisfactory. the Meat too WATER/MOISTURE/FROST INSIDE REFRIGERATOR collects Weather and of walls. slightly too often or too Water collects and It to the of of cover. off the cover. to Water collects of Washed and items them the Water while the collecting of WATER/MOISTURE/FROST OUTSIDE REFRIGERATOR collects of or AUTOMATIC ICE MAKER switch Household enough. or restricted to the Something Not (continued) too to Allow hours to too to Allow to Meat Meat to too Weather slightly causing from to from Water completely seated with the whenever the the PROBLEM section OPENING/CLOSING OF DOORS/DRAWERS The of frost and internal sweating increases. PROBLEM section OPENING/CLOSING OF DOORS/DRAWERS covered. This weather. lower, the should PROBLEM section OPENING/CLOSING OF DOORS/DRAWERS Turn switch to On Turn household PROBLEM section TEMPERATURES ARE TOO WARM Turn off household that Clean necessary. If the or restricted and replaced. the
PROBLEM CAUSE CORRECTION AUTOMATIC ICE MAKER (CONTINUED) Ice enough than enough. Household completely to than Ice item the the enough. Ice hollow or than and or from food or Water to or Ice enough. ICE DISPENSER empty. too Household closed. than and around to fluctuations, and/or Ice and back of together. or than Something Not Working should approximately pounds of hours. should to pounds of hours. PROBLEM section TEMPERATURES ARE TOO WARM. Turn household If the item and release arm. that together the arm. and to The clogged. foods tightly. Ice fresh supply. to purifying company. the first supply of the the should Turn to higher that first of should household Allow the to the should closed. overloaded. then thaw, and the Clean and should that the the that together. The clogged. the operates should within this
PROBLEM CAUSE CORRECTION WATER DISPENSER Household closed. clogged. Water Water the and/or of Unit properly connected to the household supply and and Water high Water Cut-off and too only). Household phase. ODOURS IN REFRIGERATOR dirty. to cleaned. Food with OPENING/CLOSING OF DOORS/DRAWERS closed too causing other to slightly. It the when slightly. touching or to Food touching shelf top of Track that dirty. LIGHT BULB IS NOT ON Light Light Light switch reaching Something Not installed, lights switch lights or both too household PROBLEM section ICE MAKER IS NOT MAKING ANY ICE that closed. hear click. should with and of to freshen the supply and completely the to that to the treatment the cut-off and the only). It to below the phase. Cleaning Chart and Cleaning section. food tightly. both gently. and and the to or and and the to or food Clean and track. Cleaning Chart and Cleaning section. Light and Cleaning section. Release light switch located PROBLEM section RUNNING OF REFRIGERATOR. fresh food and to lights.