REFRIGERATOR ZI INSTRUCTION BOOKLET
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. food NOT once as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This should when It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the turned to allow should to leaving the should or to that the the supply the back of the The should hours which heat should exposed. to this Service Force the to Child instructions. the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed and Cleaning The cooling plate or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow to with the or with the from This should serviced authorised and should used. At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with The located to of or boilers. sunlight. cooling and recharging This its therefore authorized technicians. catches to the and that or of authorised This only, specifically the of
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS Technical Positioning Instruction built-in of the Appliance the food Normal operating sounds shelves Positioning the shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions
cover (C) (A) C DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE screws supplied. and the as indicated the from the outer of the the the and it with the the and the together the and the the and with the (B) (A). PR33 Should of the necessary, the clearance of as required. the of the properly. At the of operations, to PR167 PR168 C cover (D) (B) PR167/1 Can shelves C shelves this heating the the of the or of the operation, perfectly to the that with the the that the to the If Thermostat
cover or the food, To the performance, food or the food with and of the to of OPERATION Press the covers the and the polythene and the meat or the such as or plastic, which the through them. cover the shelves with protective To correctly, hints: Meat only this or the cleaned and the these should thoroughly thermostat with and The the OFF (O) or as the thoroughly. The usually the Turn the thermostat to the the D724 Apply covers (B) cover and bottles: these should and should the bottle the when the through the You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or Normal Sounds prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the cooling Turning the defrosting to the the The thermostat as the following factors: the food of the D726 A, B, C, as shown the round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and C PR266 (A) the of the and as shown the and the of the the with the screws supplied. PR166
Recess Height Instructions built-in The of the that the of the front half-shelves shelves as the ones. shelves with the following Furthermore, that the shown To allow the clearances the top and the of both According to the The D567 D338 bottles bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. The bottle bottles. touches the housing (A) PR01 To this the bottle upwards, then the front the included with the (C) and cover (D) the and the the the with screws the of the to that of hinges. D022 To of food of the shelves height. To this as shown the Positioning the shelves D727 C The top cleaning.
and that the of the the cool obstructed. the to of heat, such as or HINTS AND TIPS To the from the should the neither foods which Food The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. the back of the It to the with or cleaner. there the from closing properly. food to cool to the to switch or the too as the and the to the as as the food and food together too try to allow to around each food from and clean, to and food uncovered. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to the from the off MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to the PR259 PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE of the performance of the and electricity cleaning or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Warning INSTALLATION BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE easily installation. the supply; the therefore It to the from the of the Unscrew the and with Unscrew the light cover and then outward from Service Force the light cover its and the screw. the light Positioning which located the the of the indicated the rating where the to the This should location the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions D411 SN +10C to 32C +18C to 43C +16C to 32C +18C to 38C ST The following shows which each correctly. The should located warmer or then the atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these The every the located the back of the The the the where the which of the the back of To overflowing the the the already the the the Defrosting to the instructions the following building-in and instructions please D037 to the throughly replacing.
If the correctly, please the following contacting Service Force SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS the thermostat the turned to the relative to there checking the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the it the The the The light to the This based with EN the and where located. AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. If the correctly, Service Force that obstructed. Please that to of purchase service the and to operating sounds. Water the
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The correctly and the electricity stated the rating or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS This cover: This to and other rights. authorised The serviced, repaired, or with instructions. The only, and with the become the Companys property. service this Service Force or hours which and to these the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The from the first purchased Products of which Appliances found to within those which to of or plastic. or from or the of light or to the following If should to another country within then with to Community (EC) or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the please Customer or telephone the below or Please that purchase or service concerning or further information products, CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT The purchase This relates to and to another The account regulations country. within the Community (EC) or household. The and with instructions and domestically, of this or of products. The the and to the and as the country and They then that the Service of and to please Customer below, to them of to this recorded Customer High Street SL1 1DZ Slough Slough UK
thereof to reason of workmanship or option that within months of the of the purchase this or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS and to these hours which charged. service this Service Force or become the property. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased please Customer or telephone the below or Please that purchase or service concerning or further information products, CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT The purchase please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another to this recorded Customer High Street SL1 1DZ Slough Slough UK
Symptom SOMETHING NOT WORKING Service Force If the correctly, please the following POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS to the The light The the the the blown. there the that the correctly fitted. the light switch household lights. there the turned to the to the thermostat the This based with EN the and where located. AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY The continously that the closed. the necessary. section this instruction the within the operating please to the the thermostat to the the and/or of food recently Water the to operating sounds. and the that obstructed. Please that it to of purchase service Force If the correctly, Service charge the mechanical or breakdown. should that the as the
It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning the of the Unscrew the and with Unscrew the light cover and then outward from Service Force the light its and the screw. the light which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose This should only location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the Positioning D411 to or or outhouse. If these heat and atmosphere, of sunlight and from warmer or then the The should located correctly. each The following shows which +16C to 32C +18C to 38C ST +18C to 43C SN +10C to 32C The every the located the back of the The the the where the which of the the back of To overflowing the the the already the the the Defrosting building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following D037 to the throughly replacing.
Food neither foods which should the To the from the HINTS AND TIPS heat, such as or the to of obstructed. the cool and that the of the The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. food uncovered. to around each food together too to allow clean, to and food from and the food and as as to the the and the or the too as to switch the food to cool to from closing properly. there obstructions the with or cleaner. It to the the back of the EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to the from the off cleaning and thoroughly. and of to of Clean the and with ELECTRICITY supply. DISCONNECT the from the or cleaning MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW cleaning of the and electricity of the performance INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE PR259 the to from the electricity supply, the foods and the the or and E or the earth the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 with or cleaner, and the the back of the Once or the the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Instructions built-in Height Recess of the front half-shelves The of the that the shelves as the rear ones. shelves D567 The According to the of both the top and the To allow the clearances shown Furthermore, that the with the following D338 bottles horizontally. bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. The bottle bottles. PR01 housing (A) touches the To this the bottle it upwards, then the front the D022 of the to that of the with screws the the and the the (C) and cover (D) included with the hinges. To of food of the shelves height. To this as shown the Positioning the shelves C D727 The top cleaning.
OPERATION to of the with and of food food or the To the performance, cover or the food, strong Press the covers the and the the Turn the thermostat to the The intermediate usually the thoroughly. or as the OFF (O) The the thermostat with and these should thoroughly cleaned and the or the Meat only this hints: To correctly, cover the shelves with protective the through them. such as or plastic, which the meat or polythene and the D724 Apply covers (B) and of the food often the following factors: The thermostat as the the the defrosting to cooling Turning the to the the thermostat too high the cooling continuously and the prolonged of abnormally weather, Normal Sounds airtight or wrapped or these should polythene to as as or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds when the through the the bottle the bottles: these should and should D726 A, B, C, as shown the the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring and thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat C PR266 (A) the of the and as shown the and the of the the with the screws supplied. PR166
C (C) (A) DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE PR33 the (B) (A). the and with together the and the the and the the and with the from the of the the and the as indicated the screws supplied. PR168 PR167 At the of operations, necessary to the of the properly. necessary, the clearance of as required. Should of the C PR167/1 cover (D) (B) Can shelves C shelf shelves that the to the If the the with perfectly to the that of the operation, the of the or this heating the Thermostat Bottle
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. food NOT once as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the turned to allow should to the should or to that the the supply the back of the The should hours which heat should exposed. to this Service Force the to Child instructions. the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed The cooling plate or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow to with the or with the from At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service Force and This should serviced authorised and should used. when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with The located to of or sunlight. cooling and recharging This its therefore authorized technicians. catches to the and that or trapped of authorised This only, specifically the of
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the of the Appliance the food Normal operating sounds shelves Bottle Positioning the shelves Technical Positioning Instruction built-in and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Not Conditions Service and Customer
ZI REFRIGERATOR INSTRUCTION BOOKLET