ZKR1516 ZKR1506 ZKR1526
information First hints and information the of and to the and first using the this including its hints and warn- To and to that people the ance thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the (as to the as and the to children to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death child. and cleaning What to Technical clear of obstruction. The and/ or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The with- the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the ance, that of the of the become If the should become and of thoroughly the which the ance It to the or this to the short-circuit, fire and/or Warning! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the to without
or heat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of lighting. This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the to sunlight. the the ance. and the ance, they food products directly the outlet the food once food with the food instructions. Appliance's tions should strictly to. to instructions. or the as the which to age to the frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the and the from the clean the with If the cover If the If to frost from the the the If necessary, the If the the of the follow the instructions Unpack the and there the it aged. immediately to the bought that It to least four hours necting the to allow the to back the should around the pliance, this leads to overheating. To follow the instructions to installation. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only. Service to the servicing of the should or This serviced authorized Service and used.
Protection The insulation the to the regulations to from author- ities. the cooling the the heat The this the This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and Switching the the Turn the clockwise to Switching off To off the the to the "O" The regulated. To the as follows: the to the coldness. the higher to the coldness. First Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. fresh food The fresh food and and food To fresh foods to the operation, the higher to the coldness. this the might below 0C. If this the the should chosen that the the often the the of food the location of the If the high or the loaded, and the to the lowest continuously causing frost to the this the to higher to allow defrosting and therefore reduced or as these the finish. the to warmer of food first or of the products the the ance least hours the higher the of to the off than the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling).
This with or the of ice-cubes. these with then them the to the from the or food, to used, the or the this cooked directly from the this cooking shelves The of the with of that the shelves as hints and Normal Sounds You hear and sound when the through the or This correct. the the around and hear whirring sound and from the This correct. The thermic might crack- It physical phe- This correct. the switches or switches off, hear "click" of the This correct. the or than absolutely necessary. If the high and the to and the loaded, the continuously, causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow defrosting and electricity Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely around hints: Meat types) polythene and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the the the of the free, then as
To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this top and thoroughly cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw the required; the food or polythene and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; and cleaning the carrying operation. This its cool- and recharging there- only authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and to they and free from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or to the as this the and to the each to to of the age of food To the performance from this should: that the commercially the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the indicated the food Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This operation the performance of the and electricity of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the casing of this only cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. Defrosting of the from the of the the The through trough the back of the the where
It to the the of the to the overflowing and the food the which already the Defrosting the amount of frost the shelves and around the top Defrost the when the frost reaches thickness of about To the frost, these Switch off the food, layers of newspaper and cool the defrosting completed, the thor- oughly and the What to Warning! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshooting that this The The The The The connected to the correctly. The switched off. Switch the Switch the the to the and the or three hours using this the food the to off frost from the as mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the of the food their life. of the the following the from electricity supply food and the and the to If the to once while to the food from of There sounds the the four should the the to the correctly.
The There the The The stand-by. and the The to the The operates continually. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too The too high. the to The too high. Decrease the Water flows the of the Water flows the ator. Products that flows to the Water flows the ground. The flow the the The the ance too The the ance too high. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too high. the to products the The the too high. The the too high. There too frost. Food wrapped correctly. the food correctly. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The correctly. higher the process, frost the rear The clogged. Clean the The correctly. The correctly. There the Products too near to each other. products that there ance to the the than necessary. This correct. that products the rear the outlet to the higher products the that there the
The correctly. the If to the these Break the of the Unscrew the cover screw. Unhook the as shown the the with of the (the shown the light cover) the cover Screw the cover screw. the the and the light Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to If necessary, the the Service Technical ZKR1516 ZKR1506 ZKR1526 Height The technical information the rating plate the internal of the and the Read the Information" and operation of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating plate of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C higher
the ance that This achieved the front If the the Location The should from of heat such as boilers, sunlight that freely around the back of the To performance, the below the the top of the and the least Ideally, however, the should below or the of the If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the shelves reversibility To the following operations, that this with another that firm the of the the operations. Warning! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily To the of the these
the from the back the that the the Unscrew both Unscrew the screws of the the the the tion of the arrow. Unscrew and the screw the the the Screw both If to that: screws tightened. The and correctly. If the the perfectly to the that the of the Unscrew both screws the back the top and from the fixing Unscrew the screws of the top the the the rection of the arrow. the the Tighten the the top Screw both screws the to the tioned operations, the Force. The Service the reversibility of the and the the Reposition, the least four hours and then to the
Reversibility of the that the and shown the rating to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the supply earthed, The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the to earth with consulting The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. Directives. the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the