SANTO Instructions
Dear customer, switching please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/ or with Warning!, Please the following This the operation of the Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information of Appliances Location of the Appliance of the Warning to Initial Starting and TURBO COOLMATIC Switching the LONGFRESH 0C Humidity C ontrol Correct torage Defrosting. The efrosts Cleaning and Tips. What to Correcting Malfunctions the ight Regulations, Technical Terminology
Instructions These the of them or using the of If about the of these the Customer The the It the of food If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling of foods, the which to that the the supply the supply from the or Service Force the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless Warning and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the
of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other children the household It therefore that and children with the Operation with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the and/or Warning the tor and/or Warning to the function of the cover or the Warning the cooling cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force Instructions
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which other- caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; only location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each directly allowed. The of the which high, the If the the and instructions to. Considering the numerous which there of information It to overheating of the from heat and the of thermal insulation of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The of the the recess. therefore with the plinth. The warmed to upwards through the the back. The cross-sections should least Warning To the correctly cover or the instructions supplied. Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and thereby to higher What to
correctly earthed the ply. The supply rating of least Amps. If the once the built the include of isolating the from the fused to the rating plate to supply and with those of the the location. AC or to The rating plate the the The or If please Customer
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: 1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
of the of the with LONGFRESH 0C with and bottles) shelves plate lighting and
of the light ON/OFF switch buttons warmer FROSTMATIC light (yellow) FROSTMATIC TURBO COOLMATIC light (yellow) TURBO COOLMATIC These connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL illuminated) to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, or-. With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED 1C. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that the this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons.
ACTUAL The the that currently the The ACTUAL indicated continuously numbers. operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the the currently flashes (DESIRED If the the that the ACTUAL measured, the shows The to function Service Force repaired the Warning The of acoustic warning The tone sounds the than You switch off the warning tone closing the with charcoal AIR FILTER the of the The the from the and LONGFRESH that the ther the closed. The charcoal accessory and as such the The of information. of the
of the of the charcoal On the charcoal to the of of the charcoal The should the the turned the cover outward The charcoal then mounted the found the back of the cover the operation, the closed. The should from the the charcoal To the performance the should every New charcoal purchased from The the cover and reached the cover The charcoal then pulled of its The charcoal the existing the
to Initial Please clean the and to section: Cleaning and The the flow the the To allow the to flow back the hour the operation. Starting and the the the the internal lighting switched Press ON/OFF The and the Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) buttons section buttons"). The immediately the With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED 1C. +3C to +8C. From food of +5C the should enough as Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing to The and then automatically. Information! the the immediately defrosting currently to immediately switching the the reached.
the LONGFRESH 0C the automatically. It constantly about 0C, The with This cools food and of the the and the LONGFRESH 0C This the operating of This and with the ance. TURBO COOLMATIC TURBO COOLMATIC The TURBO COOLMATIC function switched the TURBO COOLMATIC The light The TURBO COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of +3C selected. The TURBO COOLMATIC function of hours. The originally selected DESIRED and the to The shows the ACTU- AL The TURBO COOLMATIC function manually the TURBO COOLMATIC The yellow light Switching the To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The off. The switched or off or there to Following to the The TURBO COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and party.
supply, the to the operating as the interruption of If the to Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the off the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Clean thoroughly section Cleaning and the to the of On the of the the LONGFRESH 0C easy and bottles The of this the bottles and from around. The height of the shelves To this the shelf upwards or and Please the to the shelf with half-size shelves. items: the front of the another to the rear. this to items the shelf below.
The pulled and and other as Bottle with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and LONGFRESH 0C C the LONGFRESH 0C the automatically. It constantly about 0C, The of about 0C and the relative of and the of food. You therefore of fresh food the LONGFRESH 0C where to with to This allows to fresh food. of freshness, and and of and Food higher of The LONGFRESH 0C defrosting food. this the food to the LONGFRESH 0C
Humidity Both to the tions of each other with or higher humidity. each and the the front of the Dry to This reached when both this and the high relative to This reached when both this tion and the closed. and The shelves the that freely and of foods The top with the the Thereby food clear and separated. both It using the to the and The of the to the The to the from when To the cleaning them as as the and LONGFRESH 0C
Correct torage The with This cools food and of the the and the LONGFRESH 0C The following conserved the bottles; foods; products with foods which the of the LONGFRESH 0C Tips: foods or the foods such that freely and the to their consistency and covered or such that they and that their and unchanged. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with High-proof should only conserved tightly closed and or the Conserve the LONGFRESH 0C foods which to the LONGFRESH 0C fresh food Onion to months to month to of food
to to cooked meat to products seafood to to month sprouts, celery chicory Chinese radishes, to Peas, to onions, to Pears, (fresh), to month peaches to Apples to to cold), Apricots, to Damsons to The the the shorter the of food to Correct torage
Correct torage to (fresh) to to containing and other of products the LONGFRESH 0C or Not to the LONGFRESH 0C which to or The of food should the of The of the the of the food, and and the of The LONGFRESH 0C thawing of food. this the food the LONGFRESH 0C to Tips: to the freshness of the food, the Quality and freshness influence the The whole the tions to the the or should or wrapped food and Food This seafood which meat While food 0C that of food increased to three as without food 0C should of the roughly and to without cooking of food
process. Allowing and to to the and Defrosting The efrosts Defrosting of the defrosting, the off. The that flows the and This Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or clean the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The switched back Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. the food from the covered.
Switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or Clean the and the with cloth and with of to of cleaning with and everything switch the back The lowest shelf, the cooler from the LONGFRESH 0C cleaning. To the straight. The cover plates the the 0C cleaning. To functionality of the LONGFRESH 0C the cover back their cleaning. the near or other of warmth. High operation of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. the as as necessary. than necessary.
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to only service repairs to the If please or Service Force Appliance Appliance cools too The and/or lighting Light The immediately the TURBO COOL- MATIC or the Symptom Appliance switched or blown or too cold. of food the within the The heat This occurred. What to Switch the necessary. malfunctions to corrected Press (WARMER) ton. Please the Starting and tion section. the as as necessary. Press TURBO COOLMATIC Please the location section. Please the the light section. The of
the ight Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off, the ON/OFF the light the To the light the and the the cover the indicated the arrow the light the light cover its Switch the back The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard with To cooling performance the and LONGFRESH 0C the operates with This the operating of This and with the
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Technical terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 to without