PN REV. products (such as cleaners, and The the of cleaning and than each year to of USD than countries around the Products products of known and of that the of products from to without Products countries. The Group. The choice www.electrolux.com/mcculloch Products ITALIA
E4 E3 E1 E2 or
240953B 240936B E9 24T 80T I1 I2 I3 24T 80T 240998B 240936B E7 E8 H4 H5 8T 236713B 8T 236711B C H1 H3 F5 STOP H2 4T 226134B 4T 226135B E5 E6 C F4 F1 C F2 F3
ENGINE SHAFT THROTTLE TRIGGER REAR CONTROL GRIP BLADE NYLON STRING HEAD STOP SWITCH FUEL ENRICHMENT LEVER STARTER HANDLE HARNESS RING SPARK PLUG AIR FILTER COVER FUEL TANK CAP MUFFLER SHIELD FLEXIBLE SHAFT DELTA HANDLE SAFETY LEVER of of Warning. protective or hat and hearing protection. the instructions the and the A. SAFETY POLE GUARD STRING CUTTER BLADE NYLON STRING HEAD GUARD EXTENSION BLADE GUARD RING SHOULDER STRAPS SHOULDER STRAP BUCKLE LOAD ADJUSTMENT BUCKLE BELT BELT BUCKLE STARTER KNOB SUPPORT SHAFT FASTENER ANTIVIBRATION DEVICE FRAME PADDING BACKPACK LEGEND: to 2000/14/EC Manufacturersnameandaddress' of Product CE of conformity B. when or the of ENGLISH
Emergency of the who the should the with users should with the operations of the absolutely as this and should instructed the to possibly allow or who with these instructions and sufficiently trained to the specify age users. this with the when or to the users to themselves with the and instructions of the the of to the or to the To reading, section that the of the with the CAUTION the of the to the related to to of the this the of reduce the of their occurring or the of the If while actually to with The or to third or their property, and to which they this other than that which the as indicated the instructions. ENGLISH the tired, health or the effects of or that reactions. to the and section Starting and the Inspect the every of or of malfunction. the correctly assembled, and its properly. the screws and securely tightened. operation of the and there of that the with the the properly to the and the head or correctly with the screw the the and the securely to its housing. heads, guards) which or cracks or appear worn. Authorized Service heads, of the should serious to property and and mounting the follow the instructions the chapter and their the ABSOLUTELY DO NOT USE THE BRUSH CUTTER IF THE SPECIFIC SAFETY GUARD FOR THE CUTTING DEVICE IN USE IS NOT SECURELY FASTENED chapter Assembly/ to follow this to serious such with rotating and of The of and CAUTION! of serious to follow the instructions the CAUTION! The and and burns. touching them.
with without its correctly or heads clearly with of least or and which purchase from official The of other and increases the of and this the to or property. to the or other than Authorized Service The of increases professional of authorized service operations of assembly, and should with the that the turn with the off, the switch to O/STOP, the and wearing protective the wear protection protective clothing wear shorts or clothing). wear that caught of the with crush-resistant and protection wear or barefoot). to and or protective the protective Hearing protection. hat there of Health prolonged and Prolonged of the or other the to that the White of This reduce the of the distinguishing and numbness. The should therefore the of the and the or regularly. If of the should appear, immediately. Prolonged of the or other stress, hearing Wear hearing protection when the Correct and to further from the of and of the and with or the as they toxic. or the closed or poorly The to breathe and asphyxiating and Work the and of (such as roads, tree when terrain. from the such as bottles and that become with rotating or account of that of the of the there the within of and switching off the the and the which the The and its and the switched off, with the speed. burns. these they or the and the or head. to this with the and the Watch the rotating and of the the and serious to the or other people or the vicinity, and the only the recommended each accessory and to the with The when with the off. other or from the there when that the or head throw or when approaches switch the off or the or rotating head section Starting and the shoulder length. the the ENGLISH
the holding to the right of that the freely without from clothing. While the with both the and the while or other You should to the weather or weather wind, of and clothing from the or when the the front of backwards as the with the the the to the as shown the that the or head to the ground. The should the as to the Precautions carrying the the with the Switch off the and with the or head facing backward. and the with the with the Protection the that emptying the whenever the with the the of fire or the of the If yourself, clothes once. the the with its with or other. ENGLISH C. of the the cuttings, to reduce the fire and the The and switching off the This every to reduce the fire the of or the from the and from least the the when the or to the of fire the cool off the the from or the off the with the the the to the tightly. to The the or fire. highly type of or or of heat or the or with with The force of the the to of the The of and with with and KICKBACK, that thrust the front of the caused the of the or This of of the with when with type of the I1 the the sector to This to the throttle fact, the the the of releasing the the throttle and to their
the the the to the This the while with the The with which to reduce the to the Turn the Stop to STOP to the To this properly, the and that when the Stop turned to the Stop Protection with the The covers the of the when the the resting or This that with Preparation of the other type of than the type recommended this This with and should therefore with of (with rating and synthetic two-speed that the indicated the the cover, D. the of the shown the the of the indicated this serious to the To the the first, the and the of the or the from and the This to the the and the and the from and the the hits The to reduce the to and to the the combustion from the release Stop the the the the release the and to them If to the as follows: the right hand and to release first the and then the shoulder the to the ground from right shoulder. D. The characteristics of the to should only as as to (the of seriously the the Clean the around the to from the the off the Unscrew the the and with the quality, to the strongly that the the the cool, ENGLISH
the with the poorly where the the and E1. the the Position the that the and the to the Screw the as shown the and securely. the to the and securely with the E2. Insertion of the assembly and them the base; the of the the and with the as shown the the the and as shown the the to the as shown E3. Assembly of the to the the from the of the turning counterclockwise necessary. the the section the with the of the threaded Tighten the tight. The should mounted the and the shown the with the E4. the front of the the of least from the The should If sawtooth the should least E5. head and the the the the housing the shield and the the and the screws ENGLISH E. Assembly/disassembly reach fire, candle, or light, heater, of (exclusively with head) The housed the shield the to length; that too reduces the of the and with efficiency, as as increasing the of The should with the head, with the of the that the of the and the assembly the the cover and the following of the the the reference notches C and with the screws then apply the with the facing the of the shield, and with the screw the screws the and the If necessary, them E6. Assembly/disassembly of head Apply the head as shown the Protection plate head. Tighten turning counterclockwise. the head and plate and the wrench or screwdriver the the plate and first the the match. E7. Assembly/disassembly of the head (H) with as illustrated: with with text and arrow facing upwards washer locking screw If to the rotating as illustrated: with with text and arrow facing upwards
washer locking screw Assembly of sawtooth and the sawtooth the the head and and the with the sawtooth to the around the to the the and release the the and release abruptly the as this of F1. Stop switch turned to I the STOP F2. Turn the to the closed F3. the C the flow back the through the the the evenly, without and release the the with that of the exclusively authorized service which of the performance with the lowest To the to the the screw as shown: With the and the screw clockwise, the rotates without the motion. If the turn the screw counterclockwise the The F. Starting and the G. tooth tooth) of and therefore the of the top to The the summary chart. assembly E7, E8, E9 catches. the seconds and This the to its The of F1. STOP switch turned to I (START). Throttle (released). F4. F3. item F3 the the F5. Turn the switch to O (STOP). the the rotating or head, seconds. the they of the the the ground. shown the instruction the of technical the should with the correctly the wear the backpack, it and with while the other to the cord. the The warranty to to authorized service ENGLISH
to overheating the and from the the cover and of the Clean the wish, the from the the hours of the as shown the and of thorough cleansing, with hours of high grease the through C and the the the encrusted. of the the of the and the of and hours of the Every three months Service of the and that the of the should distributed hips, while shoulders to the of these and back. the shoulder that the hip height. the and the as to the and the of the accurately. the to the backpack. the that the the the Cutting the operations, the high every the to as top without the severely. ENGLISH H. Routine I. cleaning of the the This reduce the of and the performance and of of prolonged If the exceptionally or these operations should H. of To the of both the release indicated the arrows, the H2 and the the of and the of the the the then the completely the the and the of each the the its housing and thread the of the their bushings. each that about each Reassemble the head as shown H5 If the becomes worn, with whole the the from section to another. The to the of the lawnmover. fact, reach where to and with the head Cutting with the head light and the around To to or the the to the ground with the terrain. the head it from the ground. using the of the the the to
the the wears causing increase the of the and reduced capacity. this to the head the ground: release the throttle to reduce the to than the ground with the as shown the and the automatically. If the there and try Thinning with the The with from to the to the ground. the right to the while the backswing without the This section information useful the characteristics of included the of the and as and of and the to with reduced and of and of The operations of the with the should such as to The properly the STOP switch I. that the least the clean. the and clean then to its If necessary, the Follow the assembly of the the and necessary. The to authorized L. information M. Troubleshooting I2. KICKBACK when with the sector of the with the of the that the the the ground. This the from touching the ground. of sawtooth to with than to the of or to the The sawtooth to bushes and with of the of the shield the while to the of of the and the and of prolonged the with the of the when to authorized with the force. The The or ENGLISH
The authorized E.O.P., that the following products type BC011 BC012 from the from E.O.P., Italy, comply with Directive: 98/37/EEC Directive), 93/68/EEC (EEC Directive) 89/336/EEC Directive), 14/EEC V). Bore (ISO rotation Rotation of rotation) of recommended ear) (ISO Measured sound (ISO (ISO Vibrations (ISO front (ISO ENGLISH N. Declaration of conformity (Technical Products ITALY O. Technical BC011 BC011 BC012