HT42/420 HT45/450 HT51/510 HT60/600 or IMPORTANT INFORMATION reference
IMPORTANT Please the of the BEFORE assembling IF ANY PARTS ARE MISSING CONTACT:- Products Customer Service Telephone If properly this This serious to the and others, the and instructions to reasonable and efficiency this The tor following the and instructions this and the Explanation of Warning. the instructions to the and what they Switch off! from cleaning or or the from the Switch instruction cover/storage the or the while The of protection
allow children or people with these instructions to the the age of the the the and the these instructions. the when tired, or the of or The or user or occurring to other people or their property. The the of (R.C.D.) with of than with R.C.D. and R.C.D. every there of or the the or worn. Immediately from the tricity the or the tion the the supply connected. or with uncoiled, overheat and reduce the of from the the the the to of the around switch off the or Switch off, from and supply or with Products AC supply shown the rating products insulated to EN60335. should earth connected to of the Preparation wear clothing, and shoes. The of wear clothing or which caught Thoroughly inspect the where the to and wires and other using the and of wear or and as necessary. to or with the daylight or light. operating where feasible. to the the the the with or without guards from to another operating while people Whilst the of and operating and from the and when switching the whilst operating the the from the the clearing cleaning or the that the operating the to mally. immediately. tion to another and and screws to the or of the to of the and of the the should the cover/storage provided.
CABLES IMPORTANT to rating AC. YOUR HEDGETRIMMER IS SUPPLIED WITH CABLE WIRED DIRECTLY INTO THE PRODUCT. and from Products Service directly to yourself. Please Products Service further information the tors and Only specifically CONNECTORS IMPORTANT Connectors with only. should these earthed and of splashproof They and permanently should they or or through of or splashed with from hose MAINS PLUG REPLACEMENT IMPORTANT If the off should destroyed. There shock off earth required. products insulated to EN60335 and should earth connected to of the the Assembly of as that securely DO NOT USE THE PRODUCT WITH- OUT FITTING THE HANDGUARD IMPORTANT! BLACK OR BLUE The the coloured with the following BLUE NEUTRAL BROWN LIVE The which coloured BLUE connected to the which with the 'N' or coloured BLACK. The which coloured BROWN connected to the which with the 'L' or coloured RED. It that the sheath correctly the If Service or the used. to the The and household the and If wired and from Products Service which found Assembly RED OR BROWN
and the through the the as illustrated B. To the the and back as C. to and switch cover/storage as illustrated D. To There switch to Both switch to the operating E) the to To from To release of the switch F) to Inspect to each which thrown or become the the front of with both and and Allow the to reach the to from people and such as walls, stones, vehicles If immediately the the from the and clear from the Inspect and or as Top Cutting motion. G. of the the of motion the Cutting the of the the and upwards H) the the top. This of the Starting and C to
Caring Cleaning (J) from and of with cloth. IMPORTANT cleaning hed- with chemicals, including or the Cutting and life, the and Apply the that the K. At the of the Season. Clean thoroughly. that and inspect the or Service To The cover/storage with the the L) the cover/storage The of screws length) and the fixing screw enough location with the cover/storage fitted. N) where protected from
to the Turned On? the the blown to Immediately from the electricity supply and Service If Disconnect from the electricity and Service Products (ISO where factured the to and with the recycling the of the products life. recyclable and (where recycling. of the when of end-of-life If necessary, authority information. If found to to within the Products, through its Authorised Service Repairers the or to the of charge The directly to the Authorised Repairer. of purchase provided. The caused or the The occurred through wear and tear. The serviced or repaired, or with authorised Products. The hire. The the purchaser. The of the country which specified. The commercially. This and the statutory rights. to the following covered, there- that the instructions this and to and Information to when switch released. Immediately from the electricity supply and Service the correctly to free from Immediately from the electricity supply and Service Immediately from the electricity supply and Service The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused ate of this information about recycling of this please office, household service or the where purchased the covered or as of reporting as of as of the with the instructions and this hire covered this The following items as wearing and their and therefore normally to warranty Products the warranty caused whole or directly or indirectly the of or that or Products, or the
that serviced least every months, often professional from Products and rating If with Service of as the rating Should to Service to I, the M. of Products, NEWTON AYCLIFFE, DL5 6UP. that the Products Conforms to the of Directive 2000/14/EEC of Product Conformity Procedure ....ANNEX VI Notified I.T.S., Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. KT22 7SB Other Directives:- 98/37/EEC, 89/336/EEC, 73/23/EEC EN61000-3-2, EN61000-3-3, EN55014-1, EN55014-2, EN774, EN50144-1, EN50144-2-15 Products NEWTON AYCLIFFE DL5 6UP ENGLAND Telephone of that the of products from to without Products products of known and countries. Products Office, Works, Road, LU4 9QQ The Group. choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. Service of Conformity I, the M. of Products, NEWTON AYCLIFFE, DL5 6UP that of the tested 81/1051/EEC as The A- weighted sound recorded free field chamber including and used. of found To service telephone or Service Should service the terms of the Service of purchase. of the NOTE: Service Repairers their and empowered to or Products whatsoever. HT42/HT420 HT45/HT450 HT51/HT510 HT60/HT600 sound (A) (A) (A) (A) Measured Sound (A) (A) (A) (A) (A) (A) (A) (A) I, the M. of Products, NEWTON AYCLIFFE, DL5 6UP that of the tested ISO as The weighted of recorded tors was:- Newton M. Research Director