(EQBL100AS and EQBH100AS) AS)
Congratulations and thank choosing integrated pleasure to the that through the which the of the and its To the that when that correctly and that the instructions to and that this instruction reference and to owners. the please If the Customer Information users of those through recycling or them authorities and the of
Integrated with Integrated with roasting Battery cover Hotplate located front of cooking illustrated) located illustrated) Roasting Warming Battery cover assembly Hotplate located front of cooking illustrated) located illustrated)
of right surround Rear heat shield and right hand) containing this instruction ULPG injectors, ULPG washers, LH RH assembly: and hose Universal LPG and hose EITHER Roasting assembly OR assembly
instructions Please the and reference. of the this shown below: warning This information concerning This information to the and information This and information about of the This and information about and of the This to this instructions please this operating warning This MUST and serviced or or property Please Service information or NOTE TO THE INSTALLER THIS MANUAL MUST REMAIN WITH THE OWNER FOR FUTURE REFERENCE warning IF YOU SMELL GAS, to light the the and re-tighten the Carry the as this If the off the supply and Service or Licensed when lighting. the when alight. lighting once the turned or the of the the of the or based cleaners the the with the to or the to or the with the of this or the of the allow children to or the This and accordingly. Universal LPG included required. Conversion of this to Universal LPG and of issued to the of the and
assembling integrated Assembling the from heat shield to of the three top the rear and the shield locations where sections tted) and back of the of and right front of hotplate and sections that the sections NOTE that orientated correctly that the of the to allow to installation or roasting as the or roasting section of this assembled front back
specications type LPG of NOTES which the of to the to correctly. to supply of to the performance or heat build-up within the mounting the integrated specications/natural the This and accordingly. Universal LPG included required. Conversion of this to Universal LPG of issued to the of the and to the to to the the the or other the the and the arrow indicating correct. the hose the hose and screw the to the to should to the washer washer arrow the right hose with thread thread
LPG integrated Universal LPG the LPG installation. This and accordingly. Universal LPG included to to LPG. NOTE and of issued to the of the and The supplied. The the front cover the of each feeding the The Universal LPG injectors them. They appear substantially than the injectors. or supply rotating LPG the turndown the the turndown screw clockwise each of the screwdriver. The correctly LPG If the screw to and ready testing. This thin screw through of and the to the lowest and screw clockwise to steady the to the washer and the arrow the of the hose to the the hose and screw the the type and the Universal LPG its screw tted, screw with screwdriver washer arrow the right hose with thread thread
bottle information to with specications LPG of reach of the OFF tight the integrated or bottle or as and and to correct. hose of cracks or
warnings/installation instructions integrated warning with without areas, where and of combustion or This only. to right. shed or or boat, or recreational vehicle. This to the of or or asphyxiation. comply with of the following: with least the ground and overhead covering. Within that includes overhead cover and than walls. Within that includes overhead cover and than walls, the following apply: least of the completely and least of the and the back and front and and unrestricted. both least of or of the and least of or of the and instructions location clearance from least Australian AS and AS and with authority. provided. and serious and to property allowed to and then ignited. with of performance and If this shielding necessary. The mounting the to accessed. The to the of There spacers to of to too to base. to include or below or with splashback. Please the each mounting Island centrally positioned. should to the of the top to the and the Please below. warning indicated below allowed This to allow the the combustion of and the of the products of combustion. the of LPG the than this the where there allows the to from the This and centrally below the mounting with splashback or that to the isolation of from the
the back of the the splashback and the of This to allow clearance the to indicated below allowed This to allow the the combustion of and the of the products of combustion. the of LPG the than this the where there allows the to from the This and centrally below the mounting with splashback shown with with shown with with roasting clearance to back clearance to back instructions from from splashback
the barbecue/tting the or integrated to the connected to hose and therefore located within this the supply AS5601. Universal LPG warning the isolated from the with The comply with the of AS5601. Where of or impervious there the top and of the or recess, each of least every enclosed. front of clarity least clearance of and the the mounting the assembled the and hose only the or roasting of supplied. of roasting surround supplied. that people the roasting to scratching of the with screws.
of hotplates and the right right right hand hotplate integrated of hotplates and instructions instructions NOTE The as cover weather protection. The to as cooking Lighting instructions covered. PREHEAT. Allow to then lighting lighting the manually. to the RAPID PREHEAT and lighted match to the to and with and Preheating to preheat the cooking the effectiveness of and the to the preheating to the cooking the satisfactory to the troubleshooting section the cooking and burning of the food prepared. This of the from the to satisfactory To the off clockwise the the the off
cleaning and Cleaning and The Integrated constructed from which, To its that the cooking cleaned Please that switched off and cooled following the instructions below. Cleaning of Plate and and hotplate or with the the and plate thoroughly Other or cleaners, or these as they permanently scratch and the roasting and with dishcloth using cloth The of the easy cleaning when cleaning and around the to that and the where the or the should to the of should and the below). Cleaning the The Integrated which to to the front easily and should cleaned each and of the of the catchment responsibly. The the dishwasher and information affected This usually which high heat and easily using specialised cleaners. that specialised cleaners You these cleaners stores. and information The while to when cold.
Troubleshooting The To the battery the cover. the and battery. with AA and the cover. the screw cover as this the the and clicking sound should heard. NOTE that the the The mounting should to each to they clear of obstructions that the of cleaned as necessary. Inspect to and clear. integrated maintenance/troubleshooting isolation light ON from the cooking of DO NOT ATTEMPT TO LIGHT THE APPLIANCE bottle or bottle should hear clicking when the Manually light the Gently and or too Turn or high off selected Turn off the isolation tighten If Service
warranty integrated FOR SALES IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND This the and of It Please with of purchase reference should service Terms and Conditions this warranty of Appliances purchased and (NZ) of Appliances purchased New Appliance purchased this Warranty where the Appliance or household the of months and New the of months; where the Appliance the of months and New the of months, the stated months covered this warranty) following the of purchase of the Appliance; the purchaser of the Appliance purchased the and This warranty only to Appliances purchased and or New and to (and or or New Zealand. warrants that, when from the Appliance free from and workmanship the Warranty the Warranty or its Authorised Service charge readily without and to these terms and or which to or its ASC to You that Appliances or become the property of This warranty apply to light or perishable and Appliances covered this warranty. Where within service this warranty covers the of of the Appliance to and from Authorised Service of and of the Authorised Service to and from or business. If service bear these information about whether within service please or New Zealand. of purchase this warranty. You this warranty the to or or workmanship. the following (which The Appliance by: Notice FOR SERVICE or to the of service PLEASE CALL the of only) FOR SERVICE or to the of authorised service New FREE CALL (New only) Warranty ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS or including to properly or service wear and tear or incorrect supply or incorrect, or operation insect or infestation. The Appliance without authority from writing. The Appliances or warranty or defaced. The Appliance serviced or repaired other than or its Authorised Service This warranty, the to which and the relationship and the the Australian State where the Appliance purchased or the New the Appliance purchased New Where the Appliance purchased New business the Consumer apply. of To the other than as this or whether or indirect or from purchase, or of the Appliance. Provisions of the and State legislation and the Consumer Act, the of and the New Zealand, imply or or obligations, which excluded, restricted or To the the of of or relation to the Appliance or services (where and reasonable to the of Appliances, its option, to the or of the Appliances or the supply of products or the of the of the Appliances or the Appliances repaired or of Appliances. replaced, and Appliances become the property of or the of services, its option, to the supply of the services or the of the of the services re-supplied; and the of Appliances or services New or whether or indirect or that reasonably foreseeable. You acknowledge that the that warranty and its Authorised Service to information relation to to to its obligations this warranty. SERVICE AUSTRALIA SERVICE NEW ZEALAND FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of PLEASE CALL the of only) FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of New FREE CALL (New only)
www.electrolux.com.au the that know? Thats exactly what wanted! Thats the of that the to everyone who chooses or of products. knowledge, and of thought to and creating the of that really and This of thoughtful with insight. Not the thoughtful to and to customers to that century ease of to this ease of to people of their the world. when thinking of that. of thinking Copyright Products ABN