LAVATHERM Information
Dear customer, Please this Information and to to to of the The following the instructions Warning! Notes that Notes that to to the and hints information
Instructions of the first Sorting and of Drying Switching switching light Selecting the Selecting SPECIAL CARE function Starting the items or items of Drying Cleaning and Cleaning Emptying the Cleaning heat Cleaning the Clean operating and housing What to Troubleshooting Technical
and instructions instructions Removing Conditions Customer Service Service
Instructions first the and instructions first the incurred If The Conversions or to the The of fire and/or which with such thoroughly dry-cleaning those products which clared as the the items of the which or to of fire! heavily items the of fire! items with cushions) the of fire! with the of fire! such items the the of fire! of that lighters, the with the of fire and/or Clean the and strainer each Clean the heat regularly. With washer and the These off operation.
Child from of suffocation! Children often the associated with chines. the that children and the of death! the whenever used. specialists repairs the the the or the operating plate or that the of the and Switch off the cleaning, or the from the or with switch off the LS switch the and/or the screwed-in the from the supply operations. from the the the instead of the couplings and used. of fire from overheating! the with of of shock! the The Once the interrupted, the and of burns! when the
The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community Please of with the community. Warning! from when further the off and of together with Children then themselves the and their the becomes and therefore when function the the of the structed; the specified the overview; the the and each the of the COTTONS STORAGE DRY Pre-draining Drying as Costs
of containing plate of heat of and displays HEAT EXCHANGER (clean!) o EMPTY WATER (empty!) CLEAN FILTER Loading (interchangeable (with height
the first to which the with cloth or MIN) with cloths. Sorting and Sorting Sort type: COTTONS group. and synthetics EASY CARES group. Sorting The coloured together with light-coloured items. or items with the EXTRA DRY Items become the become with the WOOL CARE To becoming coverings and or ribbons of Empty items Turn items with double-layered with the should outermost). These then Drying Drying reduced SPECIAL CARE Drying
of EXTRA DRY Drying thick terry towel- INTENSIVE DRY items, towels. STORAGE DRY COTTONS DAMP thickness or HAND IRON MACHINE DRY Drying thick or EXTRA DRY EASY CARES STORAGE DRY DAMP Press the SPECIAL CARE when SPECIAL CARE Drying thick or terry towelling items, Drying of thicknesses, terry towelling items, items, towels. thin which to ironed, items, shirts. or which to through thin which ironed, easy shirts, clothes, corsetry. thin which to ironed, items, shirts.
MIN items of or MIN of than EASY IRON WOOL CARE REFRESH Press the SPECIAL CARE when SPECIAL CARE with easy such and The the type and of (The to to shirts.) the straight Once ately and clothes treating with they naturally, or Wool and the becomes and snugly. around refreshing or cleaning with cleaning those products which as the the please the instructions Application/properties
Drying Switching switching light Turn the to The switched force to the force the and securely. Selecting the the to the
Selecting SPECIAL CARE function If required, the SPECIAL CARE SPECIAL CARE of with the and with reduced heat. SPECIAL CARE only with of to Starting the Press the START/PAUSE The started. The DRYING, COOLING, END, CREASE GUARD. To which selected once the started, first the to OFF and then the The directly once the started. If nevertheless there to the the the and the flash. If the SPECIAL CARE pressed, the flashes The however affected this protection).
items or items of Warning! and become of burns! or items. securely. Press the START/PAUSE to the Drying Once the the END and CREASE GUARD displays light The crease phase which around The rotates this phase. The thereby and free of creases. The the crease phase. (The should the of the crease phase the to creases from the from the It to this to Cleaning and section). Turn the to OFF. each clean the and the to the Cleaning and section).
Cleaning and Cleaning To that the perfectly, the and cleaned every the without or with or to clean the which built the of the from It to this
Clean the The to cleaned should and cleaned of necessary. To this, the top of the and forwards from the from the It to this Press both of the the the they Press the the interlock. If the strainer fitted, the and the closed.
Emptying the Empty If the active off matically and the o EMPTY WATER light to the the first emptied. Warning! The or containing the outlet and or other outlet and If the as of the Press the START/PAUSE to the The of This around of which The as first the with coffee to and of
Cleaning heat If the HEAT EXCHANGER the heat to cleaned. when the heat with the This increases To this, the release the of the and the to the from the of the and the heat Turn both washers heat of the to clean. The heat Clean heat It to or to thoroughly with shower head. heat and both washers outwards they The the closed. the without the heat
Cleaning the or to the the or cleaning the of the The to which the then reliably. The than when from the cleaner) to the of the and Clean operating and housing cleaners or cleaning to the cloth to the operating and housing. What to Troubleshooting If, operation, the shows or flashing the first of whether the of the below. If the Switch the off and Press the START/PAUSE If the shown, please service and inform them which displays flashing. or rectly. Loading the START/PAUSE button? Press the START/PAUSE
Drying factory. Loading the SPECIAL CARE ton, the flashes inactive, o EMPTY WATER Drying shortly END Drying around the Drying selected. clogged. Clean Heat Clean heat with Incorrect of recommended covered of or and/or protection. the of the the option Not enough or too selected clogged. Clean Heat Clean heat with SPECIAL CARE and too too insufficiently Select the of section). Uncover Clean of and and/or Turn the to OFF. the Empty then with START/PAUSE Select or higher INTENSIVE DRY instead of STORAGE DRY). SPECIAL CARE with of to pre-drained.
Technical This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive Height with Height when Loading with IEC s. of COTTONS STORAGE DRY 5C to 35C countries as of
The established tions. They when the operated COTTONS STORAGE DRY COTTONS HAND IRON EASY CARES STORAGE DRY Loading tion
and instructions instructions first of the The otherwise the first that the and type of specified the type plate match the and type of the The found the type the protection which as specified. With established authorised of frost. with high hin- the that the its the first of the the house). off from top of hose and from the
type of and the should from the type The type the section). Warning! The only If necessary, please service or Warning! the the with or the Unscrew hinge from the front of the and off the thin screwdriver to off plates and C. and to locking from the and the other rotated the through Unscrew from the through the and screw plates and C the first rotated them through
Unscrew cover plates from the front of the through screw the Unscrew F, slightly and from the front of the Press and cover slightly and from front of the to the and screw cover to the other and allow the to and the front of the and screw protection: The operations once
The following from Intermediate washer and These intermediate to the and AEG front as washer/dryer The the and the the top. supplied: without plate with plate of The then to however its the The o EMPTY WATER the of each then height: from the of the length:
Conditions DECLARATION OF GUARANTEE TERMS. with the of services this or the The service of the however, reduced as This of based Union Directive 99/44/EC and the of the The rights that the this legislation affected this of terms. This the warranty to the The within the of and adherence with the following terms: with to free of charge that within months from the the to the first These apply the of professional or Performing the that the to the the occurred. Defective or repaired. of charge become property. as to the brought to immediately. Applying the to the of purchase showing the chase and/or The apply caused to such as synthetic and the of The that the or the of the The warranty apply when caused by: or reaction caused operating with The apply to to which of the cover those caused or assembly, of or to the assembly instructions or Defects that from repairs or people who or or that from the of or covered the Appliances that easy to or to the services repairs only or built-in If the built-in, or such that removing and them the where they than hour, the that therefrom Connected caused these and ations the responsibility of the If, the the repeatedly or the with the the ance with another of the this the right to to the of used. that the that month repairs, to the the where imposed, this of the which the wishes to assert his rights. the of the purchase the
These only purchased and the first that they the technical instructions, type of the country concerned and that they withstand the and purchased abroad, the first that they the or covered the and services the expired. services ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS BELGIUM LEMBEEK
Customer Service Products ELECTROLUX SERVICE Consumer services
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating tions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of displayed the that the necessary reference from hand, that write them PNC:
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without