of arthropods that earth about years received the and Their and they the known know and often walls, staircases and This as of the of English of to Functional Preparations and the and Emptying and Cleaning the Collector Cleaning the Accessories/After-Sales Service Technical Specifications
I cleaner. the other things to the of cleaning. the you.Automatically. built-in, advanced the when and switch off when the to the the when surfing the the other of the when cook the each when to of and cleaner. the other things, as often as and without and to switch right to to: Charge as shown as shown Press the right Confirm the right the
Functional Charger the charger to This the charger the Wall directly from the charger or it of NOTE! To to the to the first the of the to establish the of the Cleaning the through the its own. three Normal first the following the and then Quick The as Normal, however without Wall of about to information to and when to the Starting You the Normal of the This with approaching and then the the first of the continually turning the and of the to found the charger).After this,Wall and cleaning the cleaning freely the its around with the of ultrasound.This the that the instance, and hospitals.When its path, front of and then with its cleaning release within back the within seconds and the Charging If the Wall (or chance to the charger whenever the below Once the charged,Trilobite to the the to the If the charger Wall and the becomes too somewhere the charging to charger Battery charger ultrasound. Wall information about the of the room.Wall as the the the Normal NOTE! the first to the battery approximately hours. Battery charger the battery charger the to the and with its facing the wall.Allow of the right of the completed Normal to the The then and ready The as walls and operation. them to and and to terminals NOTE! to staircases, with the If this, staircase and and to property. that once capability.We therefore strongly that the once and or other where If nonetheless choose to the the that the with the (with the protective of or to the tic to the length. the instructions to the should fitted. of and Emptying the Empty the when the lights the to the completely full.The light to wheel
that It to prying and when around...With this to the following to Warning Precaution household to or bathrooms, or other staircases shelves, warehouses, buildings, Children with Children and exciting. If child the become scared, with the of to the them the function of the Consequently, to another the wear to wear of of this, might easily stairway or off balcony, It inclines, Consequently, to and with as front of chairs, and there chance catch cords, tablecloths, cords, the off and or walls. the the which might to: with with fire or fireplace without where or other become to such as white thinner, electricity, where the Combustible such as white thinner, from hairspray or the with when operating. While cleaning of This when to the charger this as whisper.With this that NOT or NOTE! allow to this the allow service to the the of incorrect overheating. heat the Cleaning the the collected the reactions there chance Please to the fact that insects or Empty the while the fits tightly around the children
Preparations the with its the Press securely. hear acknowledging (this seconds). This the or Battery Normal, You affection to and its the from following. Charging Charging the to the lower, right A. Charge B. You to the charger C.You charger the to the charging process. If the from the charger and the On/Off while If the to the than seconds and manually the the and then with the charger The charger with of to the right of the Charging The shows the and C the its around whether or cleaning both and effective the slightly to cleaning. to heavy such as sofas. On the other hand, top of of the shifted. than to! Normally, to to the and with the of cleaning. distinguish and to to there cords or other the that from freely the sounds and the the light when charging becomes about hours which Ready lights the NOTE! the of than with staircase staircases or other differences.To from the to the staircase with as shown with to with or this than It to and the as shown with the front of the the and If the of than the with functionality. If the top of the securely attached. Affixing the Clean the with the cleaning Allow to with staircase of the protective Affix the Warning! Credit cards, the become with with with the top of the and its (as shown and
and Stop Next On/Off Press the On/Off about to and Stop The Stop to or to Press the to shown the Next the Next to items the the Next as when to the Charger Found Battery On/Off Information shown the and (The shown Normal Battery Charger found Normal. Normal ready to using the Normal and switched off and the or the to Press to If to another If would to the to or If instead to the (this when of or and pressing to On and then the and then with Press to NOTE! Normal from this, while the Quick. Select The with Normal that included.Vacuuming with the to however, the slightly inferior. switched to the and Quick and If to the the and If instead would to the On displayed and pressing the and then with the and NOTE! ted this, while the Select to something.The to with the of the area.The Switch to the and displayed and the of the to and or or butts. NOTE! ted this, while the
and the Normal. Select It to the Normal or English or Swedish. Select the and to On displayed and the using and this the including the and To the switch and The whether to the this and The whether to the this and The whether to the Press Press to the and the selected function, shown the about seconds.After this, the of the function shown It of to or function while the shown. English Select The that rectify the below. the of other recharge and If it Customer Service The below: something incorrectly attached? casters. something its action. something from and switch Normal the or incorrectly the charger connected to the the terminals the charger and properlyconnected to each other? the board. the hours. Then restarting Should to anything when the first It to when the the first to to around Can with activated facility. Can the as as thicker than What the of the They that or correctly or to operates something Not The the and the right to connected to the charger when it to switch off charging know whether correctly lights the and hear charge? that correctly connected to the charger the that the charger connected to the to the charging They the and the input seconds It when switching from to the other. completely that sufficiently charged. the The to increased. crackle while This sound the to the The actually of the the It collects (this why should becomes the There the the necessity. If to what this to? the replaced. What should when displayed? The shown other Customer Service What the Protection This that from cords the What the Stairsafe This that from staircases when they off with the to also? this which corners or the the
Emptying and Cleaning the Collector Press the the of and off the the the with the facing Cleaning the the each the emptied. the Turn and with the facing Empty the around the NOTE! the to the locking to the right. the cover. the the without holding and upwards/outwards. and the Clean the of to threads, NOTE! the or other the each tenth the replaced. the with the cut-off corners facing to the right. the the and the If the properly closed, the incorrectly. the to the and that the securely Press the the the three the correctly, the the Finally the
Service only) Battery charger Battery To purchase chargers.Why each ZAC You purchase strips.They and with coatings. information, Customer Service or ZE the and protection (the should each tenth the emptied).The from service Customer Service) or them from EF The selection of continuously updated. Please Customer service or information about Customer Service Accessories, service, what type of about to Customer Service and or to purchased please the information the below.This information found the rating Please this information ready when Customer Service. Purchase Warranties covered the the Swedish Consumer Protection and other EHL regulations. Please or Customer Service information. NOTE! to the purchase and the EHL ance Reservations caused incorrect or unauthorised of the Product and specifications to without The products protected or information purchasing and other please www.electrolux.se or Technical Specifications ZA1 Navigation ultrasound the min/charge Charging hours Charger Charger ZAC Height AC V, DC Cord Declaration of conformity Concerning Directive 98/37/EC Directive 73/23/ECC EMC-Directive 89/336/ECC Light Appliances S-593 SWEDEN Declares that the household with ZA1 and ZAC conforms with the of the Directive 98/37/EC, the Directive 73/23/EEC and the EMC Directive 89/336/EEC. It further that the household with charger ZA1 and ZAC conforms with the of the following Directive: EN EN and A1 EN Directive: EN and A11 (1995),A12 (1996),A1 (1996),A13 (1998),A15 EN and A1 (1998),A2 EN EMC Directive: EN and A1 (1997),A2 EN EN EN EN and A1 Class B. and conducted authorised tests: UL International DEMKO A/S, DK-2730 DENMARK. SEMKO AB, S-164 SWEDEN.