Household IMPORTANT and to and please telephone the to this from BT IMPORTANT INFORMATION GUARANTEE HOW TO ASSEMBLE HOW TO USE ROUTINE MAINTENANCE www.electrolux.co.uk
using should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. This (including with reduced physical, or or of or knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to they with the as this only attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without or when cleaning to or such as or where they cleaner cool, lighted. them. become To burns, touching the when servicing the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise of this informa- tion about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING
BEFORE YOU START CHECK THE VOLTAGE connecting the to supply, that the shown the rating located beneath the of the electricity supply. If the back to CONNECTING TO YOUR ELECTRICITY SUPPLY Permanently connected to the with incorporating 13A the of the the cover should screwdriver. The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 or BSI The cover the the of of the cover, obtained from and of the as indicated the coloured the of the the without cover fitted. If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home. The wires the of this coloured with the following Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red. If three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or green-and-yellow. This insulated and earth necessary. It to that the correctly attached to the of as the of the as service that free of charge the terms of the WARNING The the cleaning head rotates high and to the supply the cleaning operations. should to that this If the cleaning head the supply the following action should Switch off and the from the the supply the from the If there of to the supply MUST The MUST Service or NEVER the with supply conditioning and freshening conditioning recommended that the of these which the the mouldings which the of the cleaner. fresheners, household and highly of this, that these products strictly with the instructions. It that of the products directly the or of its hose assembly, chamber or Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the switches off, the switch to and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the switch. If the please to this from BT Cord
SERVICE Should service cleaner, please telephone to this from BT service, please whether covered Service below). the of the should service New obtained from SERVICE CHECKLIST If the and allow the to become that the reducing the cleaning efficiency of the The character of household and its the through the considerably. allows to through readily whereas or cleaning tightly the offering to and reduce cleaning efficiency the becomes overloaded. and the three or four This to high of such items as of cloth, of from or the that the clearing of hoses as service that of charge, the Should first the from the electricity supply, to section headed If these operations or lighted that with or other It as cleaner, and or the of the supply of this that this Service New obtained from Authorised and This to and other rights. This household only. products manufactured, tested and inspected and, to or found to or workmanship, within of to the purchaser, free of charge. You to the to service the the first There which this It the correctly and with the Companys instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or authorised The unauthorised or of the You to that covered the instruction blocked/dirty from or This such wearing as and as the of these the amount and of of purchase service Please IMPORTANT: reference the following and the with the as of purchase. Purchased from purchased LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with protected Great and or This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. to their from to and the this to without GUARANTEE
ASSEMBLY PARTS ASSEMBLY/ STORAGE around the of the cleaner. to to from the of the cleaner. HOW TO USE CAUTION: Moving the switch off Switch The TM rotating cover the the cover the the action the of the to such as or upholstery. the cover to exposing the front of the cleaning backs. CAUTION: To injury, off the On Suction TM switch and rotating the TM
HOW TO USE HOW TO MAINTAIN Cleaning CAUTION: switch should suction only when the hose from hose cleaner. the of the of the cleaner. the the of the cleaning completed, back the of the and the hose the hose the cleaner. The instructions this as to To service the and Clear the and the when dirty. CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the CAUTION: the without the and performance the appears that reason, when or cleaners, or the and cleaning and back the switch to the and from cleaner. and empty. The cleaned brushing off allow to The and completely cleaner. dishwasher. of as shown and firmly. lock. emptying the or cleaning the properly This the cleaner.
HOW TO MAINTAIN (Continued) The to and the the to top or thread wound around the the build-up the to
Customer Service LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with protected Great and or This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. to their products from to and the this to without 74538B to this from BT purchasing cleaner. Dont to and CAUTION: caused the of covered the Warranty. Products, Inc. Printed