EN Instructions
Thank chosen cleaner. These tions cover This that with features included. to the They cleaner.
Hose hose Combination Upholstery should and The insulation and to earthed. the from the cleaning or of the cleaner. to the servicing and repairs authorised service areas. to housing shows of or butts, from or ashes. The serious to the which covered the warranty. that the the the to the covered the warranty. only. the front cover the and that the and the Cleaning/replacing the the back the and that Feather the the hose the catches to the catches to release the the hose the hose the catches to the catches to release the the or to the hose and and together. and to the and to the The with Once the that To the the The then the the the of the Increase suction the further to the the to to the cleaner, the should the Suction using the suction the hose and only.
the the as follows: the with the the with the the and the sofas, lightweight suction necessary. bookshelves, the feather Crevices, corners, the the and to and hairs. the or To the the stationary whilst the the and to switch off the immediately only. Emptying and cleaning the when the release the of the cleaner. the the of the the release the right. Empty wastepaper the back and the rear of the clicks Every and then the should cleaned. both and the or that the
Cleaning the and the and that should cleaned and then. the front and the the from the and the of the the upwards from the the and them the the and then the Cleaning/replacing the There three of (Ref. EF H1* (Ref. EF H1) H1* bought as option, Ref. EF H1W) The with and the H1* the back and the and the only. Cleaning the hose and The the hose or become and when the such from and allow to cool Clear and/or the and and hoses cleaning or to clear the and Hose from hose cleaning It to the the hose the caused or caught the The warranty cover to the hose caused cleaning Cleaning the to the Press each and the wheels. or other that the from the Cleaning the the from the and threads, them with the hose to the the from the and threads, them with the hose to the the the cleaning and that the to freely. only.
Troubleshooting that the connected to the that the and The whether the If the or hose the Water the It to the autho- service to the caused the of covered the warranty. Consumer information from of the or of with the This with the recycling If the supply the its service or fied to Young children should to that they with the when The child- and infirm without The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
of thinking www.electrolux.com