www.electrolux.com
using should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock or or the and the top of the of the to overheat. the high or where or Mount the built-in than inches from the or and least inches from the If the the least inches from the DO NOT when hose from and from outlet when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. hoses wires. or punctured. off this connecting or hose or with or If as should, aged, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or cord. from heated to properly grounded to Grounding cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and thing that reduce This creates suction and clothing, and of from and as the Please with the while using attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning or such as or where they lighted. them. INTRODUCTION Congratulations purchase of the the cleaning The to efficiently and While cleaner, healthier .and to the things really To the from please this and the the Cleaning to further information and other products from www.electrolux.com. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS
SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Grounding Instructions This grounded. If should malfunction or breakdown, grounding of least ance to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding The that properly and grounded with and ordinances. DANGER of of shock. with or service as to whether the outlet properly grounded. the with the If the outlet technician. This and grounding that the A. The temporary should properly ground A, The ear, or the from the to ground such as properly grounded outlet cover. Whenever the used, screw. NOTE: the of temporary the To reduce the of shock, the hose with wires than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION The built-in of household and or with the to hose and or clogs. Service Information The instructions this as to information, Authorized Warranty Station. Plate The type and indicated the plate located the or and service information, to these when about service. PLANNING If the of and ready to the to Unit section below). If to the professional or choose to do-it-yourself. If to the yourself, to the location of each the and the of This with the of the How-To included with the to The should enough and and with DO NOT OIL THE MOTOR AT ANY TIME. IT IS PERMANENTLY LUBRICATED AND SEALED.
Unit Location NOTE: Mount least inches from the and least inch- from the and within of the and the top of the of the to overheat. the high where or The should located as from the as the reach the and inspect the typical location where or and where emptying the and cleaning the Other locations the base- or It recommended that the or the house. Unit the within of grounded The AC the Unit You ready to the the located least inches from the and and least inches from the The and should obstructed. The mounted within of grounded the to to the reach the and inspect the the the mounting and the the chosen mounting location. If the mounting mount the mount of boards the then mount the the and the screws to the the to the from the Securely each using or DO NOT GLUE. the to the the wires located the of the to the wires with the It recommended the with cer- with and the grounded You ready to the of the the hose each to the properly. each each the properly to the the properly the cleaning ready to HOW TO USE The to the dust-free, cleaning. The which mounted of connected to centrally located with of lightweight the as as the hose attaching the
Overload-Protection The built-in protection which should the overloaded causing the to Should this and the to the ton which located the of the If the to the authorized service which the when the hose connected. The age wires attached to the the when the hose The off as as the hose obstruction the the to to the hose from the the and to the the hose from the the cover seconds to allow the suction to and the HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions the as to or suction the and and the and hose from clogs. the Section the of this service. and Reduced or suction the built-in operating efficiency: If the and the clogged, through the and cleaning Empty The NOTE: Disconnect from outlet the see-through the to when the to tied; other the To the the and the to the and the the and to the right. the securely attached to suction Cleaning If the clogged, through the and cleaning performance should cleaned years or when suction performance. NOTE: this without NOTE: from outlet cleaning the the around of the and from of through the and the and straight Clean the of or the Clean from the
locating mounting and the thorough cleaning the with hose ONLY the WARNING: high This the performance. Cleaning Instruction If with built-in follow the below LOSS OF SUCTION POWER: properly. Empty Clean each properly closed. hose obstruction. hose coupling Then, as each of the other the cover and hand the to suction. If there suction each then the hose of the other If there suction through the hose the the the To clear the hose obstruction, the hose If there without suction and hose then the the the and the instructions below). Clear the hose the where there suction; the hose Release quickly. If clear, service POWER UNIT WILL NOT START: the protection NOTE: The the the overloaded. house supply the from the supply and and wires. NOTE: The servicing, to the assembly instruction sheet POWER UNIT WILL NOT STOP RUNNING: each obstruction of If obstruction detected, the from the and service