Products Printed Upright IMPORTANT to the assembly or of or items, or to and to shipped to Customer Service to (CST), and to PLEASE RETAIN the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. OWNERS GUIDE HP5500 TM Household
Service Information Assembly Thermal Accessories Hose Light Warranty Customer To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to hose clogs. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should the type and or when USA If write to Products North America, Consumer Service, USA. write to Products N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or The permanently and sealed. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch off and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the switch. If the then IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS WET PICKUP VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING To reduce the of shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or near only as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or serviced or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while using that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
To CAUTION: the completely CAUTION: clear of when NOTE: the Cover Cover Cover from to the screw locations. Release the cover rotating the to the and the to cover from Latch Screw Locations NOTE: Screws to properly Screw Screw as the the top of the the screws the accessory included the To the the the screws. the
C Cover NOTE: properly to shifted from further instructions. Cover front cover of front cover cleaner. front cover and the to the right to Cord Cord Cord Cord You the the the the This the of the the Next the around the the back of the cleaner. the to the to Nesting Wands
To CAUTION: and features. Cord To ON/OFF Switch International On, International Cover cover to the the cover to the right the cover locked. the the Micron Compartment To and from To top of The to to the The the cover the as the through the NOTE: of or quickly. The performance the appears to the to performance. Compartment To cover to the to then top of and from To cover the the of rotating cover and Then cover to the right to the Stair To when cleaning Release release. back to Press release to further to Light Compartment To to light the screws the To of to white through the This the Screws to release these screws to release and to Height The front of the that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. ease the operating and back to from front WARNING: clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height Wands. these the of the hose cleaning reach.
To Hose hose to hose Carrying this to from to another. Dusting/Upholstery Cord around them to Top rotates release of the cord. back to cord. Clear Turn Turn this to the to the clear To the back of the and to Hose the of the hose hose cleaning. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, follow this on/off switch to off. cleaner. of overheating hose or If hose or found, the the hose or the least attempting to the cleaner. cool the and the switch The should If the
To CAUTION: or as the with the while using hose from hose the back of cleaner. accessory of hose or Hose Dusting/Upholstery shades, shelves, cushions and cleans corners, baseboards, cushions. Nested to reach. both Turn to together. Hose or
to and Clear Hose suction or to the cleaner. hose from hose and suction of hose or suction, If to CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the clearing from the clear turning to the right to release, then from cleaner. that the to clear the To completely release hose from the screws. obstructions to clear the Flexing the hose the clearing to reassemble Turn Clear Disconnect Clear Tube. hose from hose and Screws Release hose from suction of Cord Hose
To The instructions this as to To service the and The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. To EXT, PN 61120A CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the become To touching the when the to to screws to release to of and Clean from
around around pulley. right of to stretch right base. with base. to seat the front Tighten screws. EXT, 61120A. and The the of cleaner. The of the to the enough to allow to through. If the becomes clogged, through the and cleaning of the the and the frequently. and performance the appears to or cleaners, or the and To GE-1, PN CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the To Latch Release cover rotating cover to the to the cover from and the without the or the
To the and from To (A). of (B) back and hose (C) and of front cover. caught front cover. GE-1, Cleaning and the with each Clean or as without To The located the of the cover and and of the or clean. To clean to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner. smooth the of the and cover. Compartment (A) (B) (C) Hose
Micron Inspect the and as the periodically. To Micron and Micron to and Micron cleaner. To top of and with GE-1 PN How To Light CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the light to screws from cover. cover from cleaner. with and light straight to release. light to light and back cover. cover. with screws. light Micron Micron
NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal to the or the If the and to reduce suction when the through the and the properly. cover properly. or of Clean and thread from and worn. Hose clogs from the hose that the airow. the of the the If the to reduce suction when the through the Hose clogs from the hose that the airow. both of the Headlight Light light (On from the and from the or of to Height Turn to higher operating the back to the front off Then the and of turn. and clean from the or of and from the or of Cleaning height operating the turn. back to the front wheels off Then the or
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of years. The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not Cover of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, free: If write to Products North USA. write to Products N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specications and with performance, and the and cleaning of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: using products cleaner? A: Typically, packaged products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. customers purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related Household Warranty ELECTROLUX HOME CARE PRODUCTS NORTH AMERICA USA: GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
Accessory Items This Printed Thank selecting cleaner. to and CAUTION: caused the of other and covered the Warranty. screws)