PLEASE RETAIN the type and below. They located the rating cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Products Printed U.S.A. Upright S670 IMPORTANT this to the to CST and to or www.sanitairevac.com of the following: assembly of or items to and to the Warranty Station www.sanitairevac.com Household
Service Information Chamber Headlight Warranty GENERAL INFORMATION To reduce the of shock, this than the other). The If the the the If to the the The the to seating to the cleaner. the without to the The to and or with the to or Service Information The instructions this as to If service telephone free: USA: If write to Products North Consumer Service, P.O. USA. write to Products North America, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The permanently and sealed. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS using should followed, including the following: BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. To reduce the of shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and anything that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS WARNING
HOW TO ASSEMBLE CAUTION: Completely Assembly with the the base. NOTE: to correctly, A. the the and the (A) the of the and from cleaner. the the to the the (A) of the and Cord Screws Cord Press the the the the of the cleaner. On the the and section, while the to the of The should the that the the C IMPORTANT: To the outer with from the screw the screws hand, then with screwdriver. the the located the back of the section. Cord The attached to the release the of the frees the With the around the the to the to coupling seat the base. ASSEMBLED
HOW TO USE The upright to of carpeting. to the upright as to the covering the cleaning (optional). With the of the foot, to release the located the of the cleaner. the and to the upright, operating the height the and cleaning Switch The switch mounted the ON or OFF (O). Height WARNING: clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height The front of the that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. each with switch off and from ease the operating and back to from front 3.Clean 3.Clean 3.Clean Underneath Underneath Underneath ON/OFF ASSEMBLED HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and the of cleaner. The of to the the enough to allow to through. If the becomes clogged, through the and cleaning of the the frequently. and performance the appears to that reason, when or cleaners, or the to To G, PN 54924A CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the the without the UP THROAT BOTTOM EUREKA PRODUCT the EUREKA PRODUCT the the GENUINE EUREKA G. throat off Unfold outer NOTE: there the top or bot- of the GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT UP BOTTOM UP THROAT BOTTOM throat THROAT
Micron (Micron the Micron effective trapped to cleaned from the of The with another or the to If the The the should and the should right (150F 65C) and the cleaning thoroughly DO NOT USE AN AUTOMATIC WASHER OR DRYER as to the DO NOT DRY CLEAN as cleaning of assembly. The the upright the to and the The should to it the stretching, cracking, or or thread wound around the or the the the to unevenly. To Worn RD, PN 52100A CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the become To burns, touching the when servicing the IMPORTANT: of the or or Release to off the pulley. and wear instructions around with only. covers both and with base. base. of and to stretch the around the of pulley. to of of base. Seat and GENUINE EUREKA 52100A GENUINE GENUINE the the the the the the EUREKA PRODUCT EUREKA PRODUCT
The rotating and the the from and threads brushing. the of the straight the the ineffective the the To the effective cleaning, the the to instructions). To Worn Strips, PN CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the New of and To plate and To Then, of and to C washer (D) included as A. cover from B. Unscrew C. D. washer included E. F. through G. with properly assembled, the should freely the the of the necessary. the and plate To Worn GENUINE EUREKA inch G. of (rounded first). track from of F. E. bearing with both of D. washer. C. with of of thread B. Tighten A. and Chamber (On CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the cleaning. The clear, chamber cover easy inspection, cleaning, and of the chamber. the cover easy to the Grease or other through the cover, should To the off the releasing the and the from, the pulley, then and the screws of the cover, as indicated the arrows. the outward the to the from the base. and obstructions easily cleared; however, grease to from the cover and the cleaner. If the turn freely, should cleaning. To the wrench the pulley. the with and the wrench counterclockwise. the and the off the Clean the and the the Tighten the clockwise with the wrench. If necessary, the cover or the with the Reposition the the the Seat cover Next the and plate as the from the plate the cover. the screws to they straight, then chamber cover cover, screws)
Headlight CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the headlight Headlight the notches that release the top, or of the as illustrated. screwdriver notch; or the screwdriver to release the the notch the the and to and backward. the the top or the of the to and each notch the NOTE: only. GENUINE EUREKA 40009A. CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the cleaning To the wiped with cloth and then thoroughly type of as chemicals the cleaner. the should clean, THE SANITAIRE LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty hat This Warranty warranted to from and workmanship household of years and years the and assembly. The warranty only to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat Products North America hat Products North America Products North America its option, or Products North America its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty Products North America the purchase Warranty Upright (Only) Warranty Upright (Only) The of the Upright warranted years from the The of the Upright warranted years from the of purchase. Warranty SYSTEM_PRO Canisters Warranty SYSTEM_PRO Canisters The SYSTEM_PRO cleaners warranted years from the The SYSTEM_PRO cleaners warranted years from the of purchase. arranty arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station tho rized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: USA: www.sanitairevac.com If write to Products North Service P.O. USA. write to Products North America, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the tho Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting cations and with performance, and tion, the and cleaning of clean this money and to clean. Q: using products cleaner? A: Typically, products and or further tion toll-free the tion of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related ELECTROLUX HOME CARE PRODUCTS NORTH AMERICA Household Warranty GEN INE EUREKA PRODUCT