To the to www.sanitairevac.com or location of Warranty Station or service information Extraction Cleaner SC6080 Service Information Trouble Shooting Warranty www.sanitairevac.com
should followed, including the following: To reduce the of shock, or only. when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated to properly grounded outlet only to Grounding cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. Grounding Instructions This grounded. If should malfunction or breakdown, grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This with grounding and grounding The outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. of of shock. with or service as to whether the outlet properly grounded. the with the If the outlet technician. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS DANGER Grounded Grounding of the Three WARNING or with with free of and that reduce airow. This suction. clothing, and of from and anything that burning or such as matches, or or ashes. or the without and when cleaning If the off immediately, upright, and the to completely. This allows the to to and through the cleaner. to or such as or where they and cool, lighted. them. cleaners or This and grounding that the A. temporary which the to this to as shown, properly grounded The temporary should properly grounded A, The ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded cover. Whenever the used, screw. NOTE: the of temporary the Screw Grounding Grounded
GENERAL INFORMATION Suction Shut-Off NOTE: the the upright If the should the suction shut-off off the suction. The suction shut-off when the of the the the the This off the suction causing the sound to become higher pitch. this the The suction shut-off functions the To turn off and upright. seconds to allow to to the the this only. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and when If write to Products North Service North USA. write to Products N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the Bearings and permanently lubricated. Plate The type and the rating located the back of the and service information, to these when about service. and IDENTIFY PARTS OF CARPET CLEANER Hose Recovery Hose Rear Switch Switch Cord Cord Suction hose hose Cleaning Wand) "T" USA: MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ SERVICE INFORMATION:
ASSEMBLY You the outlet the this the the front of the The the of recovered HOW TO USE CAUTION: only and cleaners and with of and (Follow recommended ratio NOTE: Hose Coupling the hose coupling the hose to Hose the together this, inspect hoses cracks, or hoses Cord CAUTION: To reduce the of shock, to provided. Switches The switches located the top of the Wear ear protection provided) operating the prolonged of switch to switch to the cleaning and or the that the and through the and hoses. You This the there and steadily. Cleaning Turn the switch and the switch. With the cleaning and hose hand cleaning. the the the the the back the cleaning You that the cleaned This Tips: If to or as of the or using cleaning with the cleaner. If or upholstery, cleaning. Shut-Off NOTE: the the upright If the suction off. If the Turn off both switches and the upright. seconds the to to the the the with the the the The sound becomes high pitch sound. The shut-off the suction. Turn off the switch. the (instructions follow). Empty CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the hose and back the Empty the "T" the when emptying with the "T" completely of "T" to cleaning. Clean and NOTE: Turn off both switches and cleaning Empty of and thoroughly Clean and and cool, to service.
TROUBLESHOOTING SYMPTOM: Unit Not popped. other items the as become disconnected from cord. to cord. SYMPTOM: properly. and completely together. together. clogged. Clean with or and clean. The empty. the with Tighten hoses. switch. SYMPTOM: properly. Hose connected tightly to or hose tightly. Hose with and/or Clean completely. completely. tightly. the tightly. hose cracked or Water of the foaming SANITAIRE COMMERCIAL EQUIPMENT and Cleaners which manufactured, tested and inspected with warranted to free from and workmanship. This Warranty however, to the following and which forth to and of the with information concerning the and of the Warranty, the to to its performance, and other information concerning the Warranty The Warranty to as follows: One and year service warranty. This Warranty attributable to the following: or or of the or of the The of the Warranty coverage the purchase of the user or months from the the shipped from the Factory, whichever PARTS OF EQUIPMENT NOT COVERED BY THE LIMITED WARRANTY of the ordinary of to wear reason of their characteristics. Normal wear items such as cords, hoses, switches, bearings, brushes, thermostats, terminals and casters from the Warranty. EXCEPTIONS AND EXCLUSIONS FROM THE LIMITED WARRANTY This to as indicated the malfunctions or other of the from as indicated and from this Warranty. Defects, malfunctions, or of the caused or or while of the purchaser from this warranty. If other than those as authorized Warranty THE MANUFACTURER its option, that this warranty apply and the such PROCEDURE TO BE TAKEN TO OBTAIN PERFORMANCE OF LIMITED WARRANTY REPAIR To of the or warranted this Warranty, the following should The or warranted together with satisfactory of the purchase with and charges to of the following: The from whom purchased; authorized service station. If to of the write or otherwise to THE MANUFACTURER service such THE MANUFACTURER the location of closely authorized service or authorized warranty or other factory instructions. with the warranted repaired, charge or to the customer, and the repaired to the customer. charges the responsibility of the owner. following the forth, PLEASE MAKE CERTAIN to the type and as shown the of the REPLACEMENT the of malfunction or of or warranted to with this warranty, THE MANUFACTURER its option and the or warranted with another or reasonably or of the NO REFUND OF PURCHASE PRICE THE MANUFACTURER as of its Warranty the purchase that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, www.sanitairevac.com or free: LIMITED WARRANTY