AM U3701 U3702 Instruction
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Thank choosing from the Group. To the instruction reference. IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING (THIS APPLIANCE) should followed, including the following: the to that the the rating the of the supply. If comply, the to contacting the WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: when from outlet when and servicing. To reduce the of shock, or should to that they with the when The children or infirm without as this recommended attachments. with or If the as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. the cord. from heated the cord. To the the cord. the or with with free of and that reduce clothing, and of from and AM Turn off when cleaning to or such as or where they connecting the anything that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and/or that cleaning foams, or heavy building or These or the and to other and warranty cool, lighted. It recommended that other they switched off. should to that they with the when SERVICE REPAIR It to the or the should to the yourself. Repairs unauthorized or inexperienced and/or serious malfunction and warranty. NB! To and to the authorized service the to The should serviced authorized service and should used. DOUBLE INSULATION insulated. This that electrically insulated from the This insulation the and mechanical it the to earthed.
PARTS IDENTIFICATION VOLTA U3701 U3702 Cloth U3702 U3701 (Not pictured) Hose Hose with suction Combination AM located the cavity the of the cleaner. suction Switch On
ASSEMBLING THE VACUUM CLEANER BEFORE STARTING the that the the hose the catch clicks to the hose and the catches to the to the hose and the AM the and the the from the the the activating the the the with to from it from Press the On with hand to and the cleaner. the suction using the the or the suction the hose GETTING THE BEST RESULTS the with the as shown.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR USE the with the as shown. the suction and rugs/curtains/light the suction the and the cushions Confined the corners and of coverage and of the or emptying of the Cloth the with the If to the or cloth or the incorrect the to This that the without or cloth the or the cloth the the showing completely red, when the operating and the off the AM the hose and the cover. the the from the the the plate the seating to the the the corners and the of the seating the and the
INSTRUCTIONS FOR USE of cloth Follow the and To the the off the Empty the the and the the the seated and the cover locked. The cloth washed and completely. It should the (the It recommended to the cleaning T196F/1002 WARNING: On of recommended that the of the which the fresheners, household and of this that these strictly with the instructions It that of the products sprayed directly the or of the hose assembly or chamber. SPARES New and from Authorised service please to the and Appliances www.electrolux.com.au or service AM MAINTENANCE CLEANING THE MOTOR FILTER. It recommended that the should cleaned three months or when the cover and the from the the protection and from the locating the Inspect the heavily lightly and to completely back the cleaner. On the with seated correctly and the seated the closing the F9001.
MAINTENANCE REPLACEMENT OF THE MICRO EXHAUST FILTER that the inspected the of or the If found to heavily should replaced. the the of the Cleaner. the from the housing, inspect the of the If heavily the F9000 the the rear housing. the the housing the locating located and the the to AM The the or hose becomes or the this to which the from overheating. The to switched off the switch and the outlet and the from the the the Allow the to cool approximately of cleaning.
TROUBLE SHOOTING MAINTENANCE CLEANING THE HOSE AND NOZZLE Hose hose or item to clear the and the It to clear the the hose the caused or the the warranty cover to hoses caused cleaning them. Cleaning The It recommended to the this the reduction of suction and the from to to The to the connecting the hose to the and the hose AM The that the connected to the that the and blown or that the switched off. The whether the the or hose the Water the It the Unit to and Authorised service to the Unit caused of covered warranty.
CUSTOMER INFORMATION from of the or where there with the other than Authorised Service This with the and accordingly recycling Please the service with this service servicing or to or service noted the back cover of this If further please noted the back cover of this The the or its that this treated as household Instead it to to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased this AM
WARRANTY and New APPLIANCE: VOLTA BRAND VACUUM CLEANERS WARRANTY This the and of warranties from the Group. Please with of purchase reference should service and Conditions this warranty ABN of Appliances purchased and (NZ) of Appliances purchased New Zealand; Appliance purchased this Warranty where the Appliance or household and New the of months; where the Appliance the of months following the of purchase of the Appliance; the purchaser of the Appliance purchased the and This warranty to purchased and or New and to (and or or New Zealand. warrants that, when from the free from and workmanship the Warranty the warranty or its Authorised Service charge and to these and or which it to You that Appliances or become the property of This warranty apply to or or You service and/or charges and/on and incurred with tion of this to and from or its service and covered this warranty. of purchase this warranty You this warranty the to or or workmanship. the following (which A) The Appliance by: with anything other than or construction/building that to or including to properly or service wear and tear or incorrect supply. or incorrect, or insect or infestation. B) The Appliance without authority from writing. C) The Appliances or warranty or D) The Appliance serviced or repaired other than or its Authorised Service This warranty, the to which relates and the relationship and the the State where the Appliance purchased the Appliance purchased or the New the Appliance purchased there. Where the Appliance purchased New business the Consumer apply. of To the A) other than as this B) or whether or indirect or from purchase, or of the Appliance. Provisions of the and State legislation and the Consumer Act, the of and the New Zealand, imply or or obligations, which excluded, restricted or To the the of of or relation to the Appliance or services (where and reasonable to the of Appliances, its option, to the or of the Appliances or the supply of products or the of the of the Appliances or the Appliances repaired or of Appliances. replaced, and Appliances become the property of or the of services, its option, to the supply of the services or the of the of the services re-supplied; and the of Appliances or services New Zealand, or whether or indirect or that reasonably You acknowledge that the that warranty and its Authorised Service to information relation to to to its obligations this warranty. AM
NOTES AM
of Purchase City State Purchase AM KEEP THIS FOR YOUR RECORDS To completed the Purchaser and Appliances ACN Customer Service www.electrolux.com.au and Appliances of (NZ) Cryers Road, East New www.electrolux.co.nz or from only. Not and specifications of and NZ. or the phone further information required. From the Group. The choice. From the Group. The choice. to the of specifications, and of products and those this to without From the Group. The choice. KITCHEN, CLEANING AND SMALL APPLIANCES KITCHEN, CLEANING AND SMALL APPLIANCES Publication