PLEASE RETAIN the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Products Printed U.S.A. with S107 IMPORTANT this to the to CST and to or www.sanitairevac.com of the following: assembly of or items to and to the Warranty Station www.sanitairevac.com Household
Service Information Assembly Warranty Customer GENERAL INFORMATION To reduce the of shock, this than the other). The If the the the If to the the The the to seating to the cleaner. the without the to the The to and or with the to hose or Service Information The instructions this as to If service required, telephone free: USA: If write to Products North Consumer Service, P.O. USA. write to Products North America, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The permanently and sealed. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS using should followed, including the following: BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. To reduce the of shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off off this connecting or the cord. To the the cord. or with with of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS WARNING
To CAUTION: the completely CAUTION: Moving clear of when clear of when NOTE: the Unpack of and and from the release and the Release the to the notches the the top of the Press the release as shown the the clicks
To CAUTION: and features. The the or the Release this when to or the Release this to release from The the of the the Three On/Off Switch Suction and IIIII suction with Release this to release from Cord To Cord around them to Top release of the cord. back to cord.
To To the from the base, the release button, and of as shown to the To as the release and below. The the the from the and the the of the hand The to corners, baseboards, cushions. CAUTION: when cleaning
To The instructions this as to To the operating top the and the each Empty CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the servicing. from the of and reassemble following NOTE: or torn cleaned with and dishwasher. and from section. Cleaning and PN off of and the and from If NOTE: thoroughly to To and stretch the of and the the Edge NOTE: If properly and the and this the Clean The to and the the from and threads cleaning. from and the and from Correct Correct
PROBLEM SOLVING NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another the and Empty the and clean or the or If the to reduce suction when it the through the or or properly hand suction. Clean or the If from and from Clean and threads from and from Clean and threads from to and from Clean and threads from to the the Switch Switch Switch switch and and Clean and thread from and from and from and Switch Switch Switch Switch three off (O), suction (I) from base. The that should worn. the from the to the the and screwdriver to the and of the path. the the to clear and clogs. the to reduce suction when the through the the from the to the the and screwdriver to the and of the path. the hand the to clear hand and clogs. and suction with (IIII). They permanently the factory.
hat This Warranty hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of years. The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not hat This Warranty Not Cover of the that such as light and or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat Products North America hat Products North America Products North America its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty Products North America the purchase Warranty Upright Cleaner (Only) Warranty Upright (Only) The of the Upright warranted years from the of purchase. Warranty SYSTEM_PRO Canisters Warranty SYSTEM_PRO Canisters The SYSTEM_PRO cleaners warranted years from the of purchase. arranty arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station tho the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: If write to Products North Service P.O. USA. write to Products North America, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the tho Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting cations and with performance, and tion, the and cleaning of this money and to clean. Q: using only products cleaner? A: Typically, products and or further tion toll-free the tion of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. customers purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related Household Warranty THE SANITAIRE LIMITED WARRANTY ELECTROLUX HOME CARE PRODUCTS NORTH AMERICA USA: GEN INE EUREKA PRODUCT www.sanitairevac.com