PM
English Thank chosen cleaner. These Instructions cover This that with included. to the They cleaner. and the the the and Cleaning the hose and Troubleshooting and information Silencer- U. instructions Silencer. fournis informations PM Silencer. Silencer, incluya cer. Silencer. Silencer. Silencer. Isto o o bocal cer. Silencer, konsumentinformation
AM English ACCESSORIES AND SAFETY PRECAUTIONS hose Combination clean* should only and The features insulation and to earthed. If the supply it the its service or to the the to the covered the warranty. This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the Please the from the cleaning or the areas. to housing shows of On On or lighted butts, On instance from or ashes. should only authori- sed service to the covered the warranty. or the the the from the cleaning or of the cleaner. that the the the servicing and repairs authorised service to the
C PM English BEFORE STARTING that the carrying Then the front cover the and that the and the the carrying clicks Then the back the and that the the hose the catches to the catches to release the the or only) to the hose and and together. and to the hose the hose the catches to the catches to release the the and to the The with Press the foot to the of the to Press the the to only). The of the continually to Press the whole to The fixed, as Press the On/Off with the foot to the cleaner. suction using the suction the or the suction the hose (and the when cleaning. which easy to and the cleaner. to the cleaner, the carrying clicks You the using the the front of the
PM English GETTING THE BEST RESULTS the as follows: the carpet/hard with the suction the carpet/hard with the If carpet/hard with the the right to effectively. the only, the as shown lightweight the as shown suction necessary. bookshelves, the as shown or only). Crevices, corners, the the with The with or bought as accessory.) the to the the to the the cleaner. the to the the and The operating when the switched the only) the to the the or with or To the the stationary whilst the the and to switch off the immediately
PM English REPLACING THE DUST BAG, The when the completely red. with the the carrying Press the catches the the hose and the cover. the the the to the from the This the and the right the of the the the the back the Then the and the cover. the obstructed). to or of the EF54) should with every of the the carrying Press the catches, the hose and the front cover. the holding the the upwards from the the of the and with the containing the the holding the and then the cover. of the should with of the There three of (Ref. EF H12* (Ref. EF H12) H12* (Ref. EF H12W) The with and washed the H12* the carrying clicks thumbs the back of the and then the the backwards and upwards with the and the as shown. only
PM English CLEANING THE HOSE AND NOZZLE The the hose or and becomes such from and allow to cool Clear and/or and and and hoses cleaning or to clear the and It to the obstruction the hose the obstruction caused or caught the The warranty cover to the hose caused cleaning Cleaning the To of suction frequently the carpet/hard The to the hose Press each and the or other that the to the wheel the them the the nection hose the catches located each and the outwards upright the and the Cleaning the only) from the and threads them with screwdriver to the cover. the and bearings, then as necessary. To the them from their mountings and clean as necessary. the cover and securely Cleaning the only) the from the and threads, them with the hose to clean the
PM English TROUBLESHOOTING AND CONSUMER INFORMATION Troubleshooting The that the connected to the that the and blown The C whether the If with the or hose the Water the It to the authorised service to the caused the of covered the warranty. Consumer information responsibility from of the or of with the This with the recycling www.electrolux.com If the or the Instructions please If or to cleaner, please www.electrolux. or
PM English The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the chargeant recyclage recyclage service hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling o incorrecto o o o o usted o o o
of thinking www.electrolux.com PM