Lightweight Household Z161 Service Information IMPORTANT cleaner, please Customer www.electrolux.com
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS using basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction. clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused ate of this information about recycling of this please city ofce, household service or the where purchased the WARNING
BEFORE YOU START CHECK THE VOLTAGE First the shown the to that the of the electricity supply. If the back to CONNECTING TO YOUR ELECTRICITY SUPPLY Permanently connected to the supply with incorporating 5A the of the the cover should screwdriver. The MUST 5A ASTA BS1362 or BSI The cover the the of of the cover, obtained from or and of the as indicated the coloured the of the If the without cover tted. If the that to off and the tted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the of this coloured with the following Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red. If using three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or green-and-yellow. This insulated and earth necessary. It to that the correctly attached to the of as the of the as service that free of charge the of the WARNING The the cleaning head rotates high and to the supply the cleaning operations. should to that this If the cleaning head the supply the following action should Switch off and the from the the supply the from the If there of to the supply MUST The MUST Service or NEVER the with supply conditioning and freshening recommended that the of these which the the mouldings which the of the cleaner. fresheners, household and highly of this, that these products strictly with the instructions. It that of the products directly the or of its hose assembly, or chamber. AMP Cord
GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, Customer You should know the type and or when Not the or the These permanently and sealed. Plate The rating plate the back of the shows the and service, to these numbers. and or On/Off Switch MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. VOLTS WATTS HERTZ and
HOW TO ASSEMBLE completely Slightly the screws the to the the and with A. Tighten the screws. top of cleaner. the and with the other Wall Mounting Cord the cord. around and to to Unit the the to the Cord with Cord Cord
HOW TO USE this lightweight and easy cleaning. the covering to or threads. Switch switch to switch to off. with Edge Cleaning The or cleaning. Airow the suction to the and corners cleaning. On Switch On
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to the operating top Clean the and the each Empty CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the servicing. from section and from the of and to Clean to section). of Press the of with thumbs the latch. to the back of the section. the sections together the the Clean CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the servicing. Clean the each and the and from back to from the If the (150F 65C) thoroughly. and the of the the or torn CAUTION: Turn off switch and to To the with cloth and then thoroughly type of as chemicals the cleaner. from
This to and other rights. products manufactured, tested and inspected and, to or found to or workmanship, within of to the purchaser, of charge. There which this It the correctly and with the Companys instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or authorised The unauthorised or of the You to that covered the instruction The from or This such wearing as and as the of these the amount and of of the of purchase service and telephone service the Service reference the following and the with the as of purchase. Purchased from purchased Products Printed