Upright Household Z2270-Z2290 Service Information Assembly Thermal Hose Hose IMPORTANT and to and please telephone the Customer www.electrolux.com
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING To reduce the of shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this only recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This creates suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while using that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. PLEASE SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING The the cleaning head rotates high and to the the cleaning operations. should to that this If the cleaning head the the following action should Switch off and the from the the supply the from the If there of to the supply MUST The MUST Service or NEVER the with supply conditioning and freshening conditioning recommended that the of these which the the mouldings which the of the cleaner. fresheners, household and highly of this, that these products strictly ance with the instructions. It that of the products directly the or of its hose assembly, chamber or Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the switches off, the switch once and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least attempting to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch On (I). If the please Customer
BEFORE YOU START CHECK THE VOLTAGE connecting the to supply, that the shown the rating located beneath the of the electricity supply. If the back to CONNECTING TO YOUR ELEC TRIC TY SUPPLY Permanently connected to the with incorporating 13A the of the the cover should screw The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 or BSI The the the of of the cover, obtained from and of the as indicated the oured the of the If Customer Services the without tted. If the that to off and the tted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the of this coloured ance with the following Brown: the of the wires the of this with the oured the terminals as follows: The which coloured to the which with the or coloured The which coloured to the which with the or coloured red. If using three-pin tion to the with the or the earth or oured or green-and-yellow. This and earth tion It to that the correctly attached to the of as the of the as service that free of charge the of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this informa- tion about recycling of this please city of household service or the where purchased the Cover Cord
SERVICE Should service cleaner, please telephone service, please whether covered Service below). New and obtained from If please SERVICE CHECKLIST If the and allow the to become that the reducing the cleaning of the The character of household and its the through the considerably. allows to through readily whereas or cleaning tightly the offering to and reduce cleaning the becomes overloaded. that and the three or four This to high of such items as of cloth, of from or the that the clearing of hoses as service that of charge, the Should the from the electricity supply, to section headed If these operations or lighted that with or other It as cleaner, and or the of the supply of this that this Service New and obtained from Authorised and If please This to and other rights. This househould only. products manufactured, tested and inspected and, to or found to or workmanship, within of to the purchaser, free of charge. You to the to service the the There which this It the correctly and with the Companys instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or authorised The unauthorised or of the You to that covered the instruction blocked/dirty The from or This such wearing as brushes, and as the of these the amount and of of the of purchase service Please reference the following and the with the as of purchase. Purchased from purchased
HOW TO ASSEMBLE CAUTION: the CAUTION: Moving on/off switch off NOTE: the CAUTION: catch cover From front of cleaner, with and cleaner. If necessary, and to with inch screw the assembly head screwdriver. Hose and Upholstery Nested Wands Hose Hose Hose
C Cloth front cover. Press and cover from cleaner. Cord Cord Cord Latch to the cloth the front cover. the the of the front cover of and cover clicks Next the around the the right of cleaner. On the to release the cord. Turn the to the cord. NOTE: to when the the to the to
HOW TO USE The upright allows of and or with attachments. the the the upright or as the height to lowest cleaning. to higher to easy the back to the of the cord. The rotates to release cord. back to upright release. back to On or switch. or Release Cleaner Height WARNING: injury. clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height The front of the that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest cleaner to The reach the effective cleaning. NOTE: ease the operating and back to from front NOTE: upright off This Height the cleaners the operating Clean ON/OFF Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, follow this on/off once. cleaner. of overheating hose or If hose or found, the the hose or the least to the cleaner. cool the and the switch The should If the to Service HIGH LOW Release
To NOTE: or as the with the while hose from of cleaner. accessory of with the below hose from of cleaner; the back or the front of the cleaner. Hose shades, shelves. (On Upholstery cushions, (On cleans corners, baseboards, cushions.It located the of of the Nested Wands to reach. Turn to together. Upholstery both
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and The as and the and threads from the it brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the become To touching the when the to to Turn the of the powerhead facing screws to release and powerhead together and with height You to with the of screwdriver. off of powerhead. around pulley.
around pulley. right with base. right of to stretch base. to seat front front of base. height and head together and and screws. GENUINE Right Cloth and The cloth the of cleaner. The of the to the enough to allow to through. If the becomes clogged, through the and cleaning of the the and the frequently. and performance the appears to or cleaners, or the and with to to the The the cover the as the through the of or The performance the appears to the to performance. to GENUINE ELECTROLUX performance. If performance, obstructions the hose or
To E82 or Cloth NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the or the It to the to the the To with or cloth Both and the the Cloth To New C. If the cloth to then the back the of the to and straight D. and E. front cover. catch front cover. the the of the front cover of and cover clicks GENUINE A. front cover. Press front cover and from cleaner. Cover B. and straight of of If the cloth off the of the to Empty
to and Clear Hose suction or to the cleaner. hose and suction of hose or suction, If to NOTE: Turn off the switch and the clearing cover and screws. that the to clear the Flexing the hose the the clearing the and cover. NOTE: If performance to following cover. Press and cover from cleaner. hose and suction of screws.
to and Clear the hose from the hose and the hose Proceed to to other head together and with off of head. the the and the screws the to the upright the hose the hose to Turn the of the head facing screws to release the and found there. The hose cleared of
the with each Clean or as To Clean EF2 cover. Press and cover from cleaner. The located the To and straight from cleaner. from to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner. the each of back cleaner. cover. To Clean HEPA EF82 cover. Press and cover from cleaner. The located the To and straight from cleaner. to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner. straight back cleaner. cover. GENUINE
WARNING: the as this the with hose which cleaning HOW TO ASSEMBLE AND USE the hose to the cleaner. the hose to the of the You ready to STAIR CLEANING HOSE with the below hose from of cleaner; the back or the front of the cleaner. the NEVER STAND ANY CLEANER ABOVE YOU. NEVER POSITION ANY CLEANER ON THE STAIRS AS THIS COULD DAMAGE THE CARPET. WARNING
PROBLEM SOLVING NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal to the or the If the and to reduce suction when the through the and the properly. cover properly. or of Clean and thread from and worn. Hose clogs from the hose that the suction the of the the If the to reduce suction when the through the Hose clogs from the hose that the both of the from the and from the or of to Turn to higher operating the back to the front off Then the and of turn. or of or of Cleaning height Height operating the back to the front off Then the the and when the and when
Accessory Items This Nested to reach. both Turn to together. selecting cleaner. White Consolidated, Printed 71636A Dont to and CAUTION: caused the of covered the Warranty. screw)