Information Assembly to to to Clear Troubleshooting Thermal Index Please the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Upright VACUUM CLEANER OWNERS GUIDE Z2250 SERIES IMPORTANT and to and please Customer www.electrolux.co.uk Household
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS basic should followed, including the following: To reduce the of shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with BEFORE YOU START CHECK THE VOLTAGE the shown the rear to that the of the electricity supply. If the back to CONNECTING TO YOUR ELECTRICITY SUPPLY Permanently connected to the supply with incorporating 13A the of the the cover should screwdriver. The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 or BSI The cover the the of of the cover, obtained from and of the as indicated the coloured the of the If the without cover tted. If the that to off and the tted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS with of and anything that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. The wires the of this with the following Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red. If three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or green-and-yellow. This insulated and earth necessary. It to that the correctly attached to the of as the of the as service that free of charge the of the Cord
BEFORE YOU START WARNING The the cleaning head rotates high and to the supply the cleaning operations. should to that this If the cleaning head the supply the following action should Switch off and the from the the supply the from the If the supply MUST the its Service or to NEVER the with supply and freshening using conditioning that the or of these which the the mouldings which the of the cleaner. fresheners, household and of this, that these products strictly with the instructions. It that of the products directly the or of its hose assembly, chamber or SERVICE Should service cleaner, please service, please whether covered the Service below). New and obtained from If please SERVICE CHECKLIST If the and allow the to become that the reducing the cleaning of the The character of household and its the through the allows to through readily whereas or cleaning tightly the offering greater to and reduce cleaning the becomes overloaded. that and the three or four This to high of such items as of cloth, sizeable of from or the that the clearing of hoses as service that of charge, the Should the from the electricity supply, to section headed If these operations or lighted that with or other It as cleaner, and or New and obtained from Authorised and If please This to and other rights. This househould only. products manufactured, tested and inspected and, to or found to or workmanship, within year of to the purchaser, free of charge. You to the to service the the There which this It the correctly and with the Companys instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or authorised The unauthorised or of the You to that covered the instruction blocked/dirty The from or This such wearing as brushes, and as the of these the amount and of of the of purchase service provided. Please reference the following and the with this as of purchase. Purchased from purchased
Assembly To CAUTION: the CAUTION: ON/OFF switch the OFF and from to the the the top of the as shown. the screws (supplied) the the top of the and with screwdriver. or Nested Cord. Screws located the accessory the the of the cover the of the and and the the hose the back of the wrapping and the hose as shown. the of the hose the hose the back of the
To the to the and This the of the the the around the the back of the to the to the or the of the front of the the How To WARNING: clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the type selector. ON/OFF Switch International On, International Selector that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. ease the operating and back to weight from front Information: to cleaner. If the sound of the or performance, or to or the height hose or or or These easy to and the instructions included this Becoming with the information this to the performance from years to Release release to back to operating To completely to the release Information: cleaning that might the or the
To NOTE: While or as the with the To hose from hose back of and accessory of hose or Dusting/Upholstery shades, shelves, cushions and cleans corners, boards, and cushions. Nested to reach both Turn to together. The instructions this as to To service the and Routine CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the the without the or assembly NOTE: or cleaners, or the and Removing the ES82: cover. and from cleaner. the each the Clean or as to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner. EF2 HEPA EF82
Rountine (continued) New Ref: ES82 back and cleaner. CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the the without the or assembly The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the (Ref: ZE090) The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to To to to cover CAUTION: closed the properly. the screws from the top of the to of and around around pulley. with base. securely right of to stretch right base. IMPORTANT hand rotations to properly back cleaner. and screws. to upright
To Clear Hose CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the clearing the of the hose from the hose the back of the the hose and hose Flexing the hose If found, to If found, clear the and the hose the hose If the the hose and cleared, to Hose Hose the from the and the the hose clear. If found, to the found and cleared, the the cleaner. the hose from the coupling the back of cleaner. and If found, clear the The screws attaching the clear hose to Screw the hose back the back of the and the other of the hose the hose the of
CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal below. Clean or the If the or the to reduce suction when the through the the with the properly seated the Hose hose back of cleaner. from the hose that the airow. to that the of the hose the hose the back of the Check hose and or of Clean and thread from and worn. the of Hose hose Clean or the If the dirty, to reduce suction when the through the Hose clogs from the hose that the airow. hose and from the and clean or items from the or of to Selector operating the back to the front off Then the to higher or of height Selector operating the to turn. back to the front wheels off Then the the and when the and when Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the on/off switch off and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch If the please Customer
The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this informa- tion about recycling of this please city ofce, household service or the where purchased the
Road, LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with protected Great and or This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. to their products from to and the this to without Printed Thank purchasing cleaner. Dont to and NOTE: caused the of covered the Warranty.