Information Assembly to to Routine to Clear Troubleshooting Thermal the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. VACUUM CLEANER OWNERS GUIDE Z2250 SERIES IMPORTANT and to and please telephone the to this from BT Please www.electrolux.co.uk Upright Household
using should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. This (including with reduced physical, or or of or knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to they with the as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. BEFORE YOU START CHECK THE VOLTAGE the shown the plate rear to that the of the electricity supply. If the back to CONNECTING TO YOUR ELECTRICITY SUPPLY Permanently connected to the supply with incorporating 13A the the the cover should screwdriver. The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 or BSI The the the of of the cover, from and of the as indicated the coloured the of the If to this from BT should the without cover fitted. If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and anything that reduce flow. This suction and brushroll. clothing, and of from and or as the with the while that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. The wires the of this coloured with the following Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The that coloured connected to the that with the or coloured The that coloured connected to the that with the or coloured red. If three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or green-and-yellow. This insulated and earth necessary. It to that the correctly attached to the of as the of the as service that of charge the of the Cover Cord
BEFORE YOU START (continued) WARNING The the cleaning head high and to the supply the cleaning operations. should to this If the cleaning head the supply the following action should Switch off and the from the the supply the from the If the supply MUST the its Service or to NEVER the with supply conditioning and freshening conditioning recommended that the or of these that, the the mouldings that the of the cleaner. fresheners, household and polishes of this, that these products strictly with the instructions. It that of the products directly the or of its hose assembly, chamber or SERVICE Should service cleaner, please to this from BT service, please whether covered the Service below). the of the should service New and obtained from If please SERVICE CHECKLIST If the and allow the to become that the reducing the cleaning of the The character of household and its the through the considerably. allows to through readily whereas or cleaning tightly the offering to and reduce cleaning the becomes overloaded. that and the three or four This to high of such items as of cloth, of from or the that the clearing of hoses as service that free of charge, the Should first the from the electricity supply, to section headed If these operations or lighted that with or other It as cleaner, and or New and obtained from Authorised and If please This to and other rights. This household only. products manufactured, tested and inspected and, to or found to or workmanship, within year of to the purchaser, free of charge. You to the to service the the first There which this It the correctly and with the Companys instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or authorised The unauthorised or of the You to that covered the instruction blocked/dirty The from or This such wearing as brushes, and as the of these the amount and of of the of purchase service provided. Please reference the following and the with this as of purchase. Purchased from purchased
Assembly To CAUTION: the CAUTION: ON/OFF switch the OFF cover and from to the the the top of the as shown. the screws (supplied) the the top of the and tighten with screwdriver. or Nested Cleaner Cord. Screws located the accessory the the of the cover the of the and and the the hose the back of the and the hose as shown. the of the hose the hose the back of the
To (continued) the to the and This the of the the the around the the back of the to the to the or the of the front of the hose. the To WARNING: clothing, ON/OFF Switch International On, International Selector that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. ease the operating and back to from front Information: to cleaner. If the sound of the or performance, or such to or the height hose or or or These easy to and the instructions included this Becoming with the information this to the performance from years to and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the type selector. Release release to back to operating To completely to the release Information: cleaning first that might the or the
To (continued) Dusting/Upholstery shades, shelves, cushions and cleans corners, boards, and cushions. Nested to reach both Turn to together. The instructions this as to To service the and NOTE: the or of as the the the with the the upright/storage while the allow the to or to the when This the causing to or To hose from hose back of and accessory of hose or Routine CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the the without the or assembly NOTE: to the to this higher of than that of and that than You to the as of this or cleaners, or the and Removing the ES82: E82) cover. and from cleaner. the each the Clean or as EF82 HEPA EF1 to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner. NOTE: cleaning of the of cleaner. The and pleated should and with through to clean, ready
Routine New ES82 E82) top back. CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the the without the or assembly The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the (Ref: ZE090) The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. WARNING: should when to that and the and the of the completely and completely back cleaner. CAUTION: cover closed the properly. To to to the screws from the top of the to of and around around pulley. with base. securely right of to stretch right base. IMPORTANT rotations to properly back cleaner. and screws. to upright
To Clear Hose CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the clearing the of the hose from the hose the back of the the hose and hose Flexing the hose If found, to If found, clear the and the hose the hose If the the hose and cleared, to Hose Hose the from the and the the hose clear. If found, to the found and cleared, the the cleaner. the hose from the coupling the back of cleaner. and hose. If found, clear the The screws attaching the clear hose to Screw the hose back the back of the and the other of the hose the hose the of
Troubleshooting CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal below. Clean or the If the or the to reduce suction when the through the the with the properly seated the Hose hose back of cleaner. from the hose that the to that the of the hose the hose the back of the hose and or of Clean and thread from and worn. suction the of Hose hose Clean or the If the dirty, to reduce suction when the through the Hose clogs from the hose that the hose and from the and or items from the or of Cleaner to Selector operating the back to the front off Then the to higher or of height Selector operating the to turn. back to the front off Then the the and when to this from BT Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the on/off switch off and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch If the please to this to this from BT
The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
Customer Service to this from BT Stair Hose as as of and purchased. attached to the hose the flight of without the as as Please LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with protected Great and or This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. to their products from to and the this to without 73515A Products, Inc. Printed Customer to purchase. Thank purchasing cleaner. Dont to and NOTE: caused the of covered the Warranty.