Information Assembly to to to Clear Troubleshooting Thermal Please the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Upright VACUUM CLEANER OWNERS GUIDE Z2900 SERIES IMPORTANT and to and please telephone Customer www.electrolux.co.uk Household
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS should followed, including the following: To reduce the of shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with BEFORE YOU START CHECK THE VOLTAGE First the shown the to that the of the electricity supply. If the back to CONNECTING TO YOUR ELECTRICITY SUPPLY Permanently connected to the supply with incorporating 13A the of the the cover should using screwdriver. The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 or BSI The cover the the of of the cover, obtained from and of the as indicated the coloured the of the If the without cover tted. If the that to off and the tted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS with of and anything that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. The wires the of this coloured with the following Brown: the of the the of this with the coloured the as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red. If three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or green-and-yellow. This insulated and earth necessary. It to that the correctly attached to the of as the of the as service that free of charge the of the Cord
BEFORE YOU START WARNING The the cleaning head rotates high and to the supply the cleaning operations. should to that this If the cleaning head the supply the following action should Switch off and the from the the supply the from the If there of to the supply MUST The MUST Service or NEVER the with conditioning and freshening using conditioning recommended that the or of these which the the mouldings which the of the cleaner. fresheners, household and highly of this, that these products strictly with the instructions. It that of the products sprayed directly the or of its hose assembly, chamber or SERVICE Should service cleaner, please telephone service, please whether covered the Service below). New and obtained from If please SERVICE CHECKLIST If the and allow the to become that the reducing the cleaning of the The character of household and its the through the considerably. allows to through readily whereas or cleaning tightly the offering to and reduce cleaning the becomes overloaded. that and the three or four This to high of such items as of cloth, sizeable of from or the that the clearing of hoses as service that free of charge, the Should the from the electricity supply, to section headed If these operations or lighted that with or other It as cleaner, and or the of the supply of this that this Service New and obtained from Authorised and If please This to and other rights. This househould only. products tested and inspected and, to or found to or workmanship, within of to the purchaser, free of charge. You to the to service the the There which this It the correctly and with the Companys instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or authorised The unauthorised or of the You to that covered the instruction blocked/dirty The from or This such wearing as brushes, and as the of these the amount and of of the of purchase service Please reference the following and the with this as of purchase. Purchased from purchased
Assembly To CAUTION: the CAUTION: ON/OFF switch the OFF cover and from to the the the top of the as shown. the screws (supplied) the the top of the and with screwdriver. Nested and Cord. Screws located the accessory the the of the cover the of the and and the the hose the back of the and the hose as shown. the of the hose the hose the of the
To (continued) the to the and This the of the the the around the the back of the to the to the the of the front of the the To WARNING: injury. clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the type selector. ON/OFF Switch International On, International Selector that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. ease the operating and back to from front Information: to cleaner. If the sound of the or performance, or to or the height hose or or or These easy to and the instructions included this Becoming with the information this to the performance from years to Release release to back to operating To completely to the release Information: cleaning that might the or the
To NOTE: While or as the with the To hose from hose of and accessory of hose or Dusting/Upholstery shades, shelves, cushions and cleans corners, boards, and cushions. Nested to reach. both Turn to The instructions this as to To service the and Routine NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the or assembly NOTE: or cleaners, or the and Z2901 Z2905 Z2910 Removing the E82: cover. and from cleaner. the each the or Clean or as to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner. EF2 HEPA EF82
Rountine (continued) New Ref: E82 of back and Z2915 Z2920 Z2925 Emptying and Cleaning the NOTE: Switch off the and from the electricity supply emptying or cleaning the Emptying the It to the regularly. DO NOT allow the to become too cover. cover NOTE: closed the properly. the of the cleaner. the and the and the to the the The washed amount of to the thoroughly and the with cloth. the thoroughly hours preferred) tting to the cleaner.
NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the or assembly The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. To to to the screws from the top of the to of and around around pulley. with base. securely right of to stretch right base. IMPORTANT rotations to properly back cleaner. and screws. to upright
To Clear Hose NOTE: Turn off the switch and the clearing the of the hose from the hose the of the the hose and hose Flexing the hose If found, to If found, clear the and the hose the hose If the the hose and cleared, to Hose Hose the from the and the the hose clear. If found, to the found and cleared, the the cleaner. the hose from the coupling the back of cleaner. and If found, clear the The screws attaching the clear hose to Screw the hose back the back of the and the other of the hose the hose the of
NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal below. Clean or the If the or the to reduce suction when the through the the with the or properly seated the Hose hose back of cleaner. from the hose that the to that the of the hose the hose the of the hose and or of Clean and thread from and worn. suction the of Hose hose Clean or the If the dirty, to reduce suction when the through the Hose clogs from the hose that the hose and from the and clean or items from the or of Cleaner to Selector operating the back to the front off Then the to higher or of height Selector operating the turn. back to the front off Then the the and when the and when Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the on/off switch off and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch If the please Customer
The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this informa- tion about recycling of this please city of household service or the where purchased the
Road, LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with protected Great and or This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. cations to their products from to and the this to without Thank purchasing cleaner. Dont to and CAUTION: caused the of covered the Warranty. Products Printed