The DIY of cleaning specially and distributed www.electrolux.co.uk Telephone: To top performance from cleaner, The The 4603A Z2306 Z2312 Z2315 simplicity
Thank choosing cleaner. These operating instructions cover This that with included. and the the the and Cleaning the hose and Troubleshooting and information
board board ACCESSORIES AND SAFETY PRECAUTIONS (Z2315) (Z2306, Z2312) Hose Hose with suction (Z2315) The should only The insulation and to earthed. to Without (this the cleaner). which the closing without to force the cover (this serious to the or butts, from or ash, The serious to the which covered the warranty. authorised service to the covered the warranty. or the the the from the cleaning or of the cleaner. that the the the service and repairs authorised service the
BEFORE STARTING the cover. that the the hose the catch clicks to the catch to the (Z2315) or (Z2306, Z2312) to the hose and the the and Press the foot to the of the to it Press the On/Off with foot to the cleaner. the suction the suction the (Z2312, Z2315) or the tion the hose GETTING THE BEST RESULTS the with the the with the suction and the boards, corners, the the to scratching (Z2315).
REPLACING THE DUSTBAG the as as the becomes when the operating and the from the the hose and the cover. the to the the straight its tracks. the cover. the cleaning reference E51 the (The should cleaned every three months, or when the with the of the and the with and the cover. reference EF51. Cleaning the (Z2306, Z2312) (The should approximately every months). the to the the and completely. the with and the the HEPA (Z2315) (The should approximately months). the to the with and back the cleaner. HEPA reference cleaning and touching the
CLEANING THE HOSE AND NOZZLE The the or hose becomes or the and from the and allow the to cool Clear whatever causing the and/or or the Then the cleaner. and hose cleaning or to clear the and It to clear the hose the caused or caught the The warranty cover to hoses caused cleaning them. Cleaning the To reduction suction the The to it using the hose
TROUBLESHOOTING AND CUSTOMER INFORMATION Troubleshooting The that the connected to the that the and the blown The Check whether the If with the or hose the Water the It to the authorised service to the caused the of covered the warranty. Customer Information responsibility from of the or of with the This with the futher www.electrolux.com repairs or the If the or the Instructions please
ELECTRICAL SUPPLY INSTRUCTIONS the the to supply that the the of cleaner) supply. If the back to Connecting to supply Permanently to the supply ted with incorporating 13A the of the the should screwdriver. The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 and the cover the the ofloss of the cover, obtained from or Electricity and of the as indicated the coloured the If Service (Please the Service without cover If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The should then of to of should another of The the of this with the following Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured The which coloured connected to the which the or coloured red. If three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or green-and-yel- [This insulated and earth-connection necessary.] It to that the correctly attached to the of as the of the as service that free of charge the terms of to the of the correctly. should the the to the or insulation surrounding the conductors. Tighten screws. the top cover of the and
To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when allow to as toy. when allow to this only as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce flow. to that burning or such as matches or ashes. without when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS should followed, including the following: READ ALL THE INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING
This to and other rights. products manufactured, tested and inspected and to or found to or workmanship, within of to the purchaser, of charge. You to the to service the tion the first There which this It the correctly and with the Company's instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or autho- The unauthorised or of the You the to that covered the instruction The from or This such wearing as and as the of these the amount and of of the of purchase service provided. futher the reference the following and the with this as or purchase. Purchased from: purchased The Group, Road, LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with protected Great and of This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. The to their from to and the this to without GUARANTEE