Upright Household Z5600 IMPORTANT and to and please telephone the IMPORTANT INFORMATION GUARANTEE HOW TO ASSEMBLE HOW TO USE ROUTINE MAINTENANCE PERIODIC MAINTENANCE Thermal Hose www.electrolux.co.uk
should followed, including the following: To reduce the of shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended with or If as should, or serviced or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with PLEASE SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING The the cleaning head rotates high and to the supply the cleaning operations. should to that this If the cleaning head the supply the following action should Switch off and the from the the supply the from the If there of to the supply MUST The MUST Service or NEVER the with supply conditioning and freshening conditioning recommended that the of these which the the mouldings which the of the cleaner. fresheners, household and of this, that these products strictly with the instructions. It that of the products directly the or of its hose assembly, or Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the switches off, the switch once and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch On (I). If the please Customer IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING with free of and that reduce airow. This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them.
BEFORE YOU START CHECK THE VOLTAGE connecting the to supply, that the shown the rating located beneath the of the electricity supply. If it the back to CONNECTING TO YOUR ELECTRICITY SUPPLY Permanently connected to the supply with incorporating 13A the of the the cover should using screwdriver. The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 or BSI The cover the the of of the cover, obtained from and of the as indicated the coloured the of the If Customer Services the without cover If the that to off and the tted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home. The wires the of this coloured with the following Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red. If three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or green-and-yellow. This insulated and earth necessary. It to that the correctly to the of as the of the as service that of charge the terms of the The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this informa- tion about recycling of this please city ofce, household service or the where purchased the Cover Cord
SERVICE Should service cleaner, please telephone Customer Services service, please whether covered Service below). New and obtained from If please the Customer SERVICE CHECKLIST If the and allow the to become that the reducing the cleaning of the The character of household and its the through the considerably. allows to through readily whereas or cleaning tightly the offering to and reduce cleaning the becomes overloaded. and the three or four This to high of such items as of cloth, of from or the that the clearing of hoses as service that of charge, the Should the from the electricity supply, to section headed If these operations or lighted that with or other It as cleaner, and or the of the supply of this that this Service New and obtained from Authorised and If please or www.shop.electrolux.co.uk This to and other rights. This household only. products manufactured, tested and inspected and, to or found to or workmanship, within of to the purchaser, of charge. You to the to service the the There which this It the correctly and with the Companys instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or authorised The unauthorised or of the You to that covered the instruction blocked/dirty from or This such wearing as and as the of these the amount and of of purchase service Please IMPORTANT: reference the following and the with the as of purchase. Purchased from purchased Road, LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with protected Great and or This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. to their from to and the this to without GUARANTEE
To CAUTION: the completely CAUTION: clear of when NOTE: the from to the screw locations. Release the rotating the to the and the to from Screw Locations NOTE: Screws to properly the Screw Screw as the the top of the the screws the accessory included the To the the the screws.
C front of the of cleaner. and the to the right to Cord Cord Cord Cord You the the the the This the of the the Next, the around the the back of the cleaner. the to the to Nesting Wands (shipped cleaner)
To CAUTION: and features. Cord To ON/OFF Switch. International On, International Latch. to the the to the right the the the HEPA/Micron of HEPA/ Micron top of to correctly. the to and the the To to the to then and and from To the front of the of the the of rotating and Then to the right to the release. back to Press release to further to To of to white through the This the Screws to Release these screws to release and to Selector The of the that or lowers the cleaning head to match the type of With the the height should rotated to the ease the the the upright and the back to from the front If the to the highest the to the lowest which Short If the to the to the highest the to The reach the effective cleaning. to to the caused repeated from the Therefore, the Short the Short and the cleaning the supplied, to the The should the upright to repeated of the with the WARNING: injury. clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height Wands. these the of the hose cleaning reach.
To Hose hose to hose Carrying this to from to another. Dusting/Upholstery Cord around them to Top rotates release of the cord. back to cord. Clear Turn Turn this to the to the clear To the back of the and to Hose the of the hose hose cleaning. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, follow this on/off switch to off. cleaner. of overheating hose or If hose or found, the the hose or the least to the cleaner. cool the and the switch The should If the
How To CAUTION: or as the with the while using NOTE: or as the with the while using hose from hose the back of cleaner. accessory of hose or Hose Dusting/Upholstery shades, shelves, cushions and Hose or cleans corners, boards, cushions. (On cleans and both Turn to together. with the below hose from of cleaner; the back or the front of the cleaner. NEVER STAND ANY CLEANER ABOVE YOU. NEVER POSITION ANY CLEANER ON THE STAIRS AS THIS COULD DAMAGE THE CARPET. Upholstery (On only)
to and Clear Hose suction or to the cleaner. hose from hose and suction of hose or suction, Empty If to CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the from the clear turning to the right to release, then from cleaner. that the obstructions to clear the To completely release hose from the screws. to clear the Flexing the hose the clearing to reassemble Turn Clear clear clearing hose from hose and Screws Release hose from suction of Cord Hose
To The instructions this as to To service the and The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to To CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the become To injury, touching the when the to to screws to release to of and Clean from
around around pulley. right of to stretch right base. with base. to seat the front screws. To Pleated CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the Release rotating to the to the and from and and To of and top assembly back that securely and top of To performance, and the Pleated each the and clean The cleaned with and pleated completely the Pleated the without the or the pleated assembly.
To clean the Pleated the assembly and and of the the pleated and counter clockwise to pleated from and from assembly only with cloth completely pleated and turn clockwise to FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO REMOVE THE CYCLONIC DUST CUP FROM THE CLEANER BODY, REFER TO PAGE Emptying the It clearly when the and from and the To mount assembly assembly seated top of front of the of cleaner. and the to the right to CAUTION: The washed should used. thoroughly assembly, with cloth. Assembly Pleated
Micron only) Check the and as the To Micron and Micron to and Micron cleaner. To top of and Micron ELECTROLUX ONLY. HEPA only) the HEPA and as the HEPA To HEPA and HEPA to and HEPA cleaner. To HEPA top of and Instructions To the screws the (as pictured). the housing. Clear from To top and housings and with the screws. Screws HEPA Micron Latch HEPA
NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal to the or the If the to reduce suction when the through the the properly. properly. or of Clean and thread from and worn. Hose clogs from the hose that the airow. suction the of the Hose clogs from the hose that the airow. both of the from the and clean from the or of to Turn to higher operating the back to the front off Then the and of turn. and clean from the or of and clean from the or of Cleaning height Height operating the turn. back to the front off Then the Customer Services the and ready when rating beneath the cleaner.
Customer Services Accessory Items This Printed To Thank purchasing cleaner. Dont to caused the of covered the upholstery screws)