Upright Household Z2950 IMPORTANT and to and please telephone the FILTER REPLACEMENT CODE: and EF82 www.electrolux.co.uk IMPORTANT INFORMATION GUARANTEE QUICK REFERENCE HOW TO ASSEMBLE HOW TO USE ROUTINE MAINTENANCE Top PERIODIC MAINTENANCE PROBLEM SOLVING Clear Hose Clear Hose and
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS using basic should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce flow. This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without the or become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. WARNING The the cleaning head rotates high and to the supply the it cleaning operations. should to that this If the cleaning head the supply the following action should Switch off and the from the the supply (only the from the If there of to the supply MUST The MUST Service or NEVER the with supply and freshening using conditioning recommended that the of these which the the mouldings which the of the cleaner. fresheners, household and highly of this, it that these products strictly with the instructions. It that of the products directly the or of its hose assembly, chamber or Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the switches off, the switch once and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least attempting to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch On (I). If the cleaner please Customer READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING PLEASE SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
BEFORE YOU START CHECK THE VOLTAGE connecting the to supply, that the shown the rating plate located beneath the of the electricity supply. If the back to CONNECTING TO YOUR ELECTRICITY SUPPLY Permanently connected to the supply with incorporating 13A the of the the cover should screwdriver. The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 or BSI The cover the the of of the cover, obtained from and of the as indicated the coloured the of the If Customer Services the without cover fitted. If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The the of this coloured with the following Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured The which coloured to the which with the or coloured red. If using three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or yellow. This insulated and earth necessary. It to that the correctly attached to the of as the of the as service that of charge the terms of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Cord
SERVICE Should service cleaner, please Customer Services service, please whether covered Service below). New and obtained from If please SERVICE CHECKLIST If the and allow the to become that the flow, reducing the cleaning efficiency of the The character of household and its the flow through the considerably. allows to through readily whereas or cleaning tightly the offering to and reduce cleaning efficiency the becomes overloaded. and the three or four This to high of such items as of cloth, of from or the that the clearing of hoses as service that free of charge, the Should first the from the electricity supply, to section headed If these operations or lighted that with or other It as cleaner, and or the of the supply of this that this Service New and obtained from Authorised and If please or www.shop.electrolux.co.uk This to and other rights. This household only. products manufactured, tested and inspected and, to or found to or workmanship, within of to the purchaser, of charge. You to the to service the the first There which this It the correctly and with the Companys instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or authorised The unauthorised or of the You to that covered the instruction blocked/dirty from or This such wearing as and as the of these the amount and of of purchase service provided. Please IMPORTANT: reference the following and the with the as of purchase. Purchased from__________________________________________________ purchased Road, LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with protected Great and or This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. to their from to and the this to without GUARANTEE
only) C only) FIG. FIG. FIG. FIG. FIG. PARTS LIST (FIG. and C Hose Self-cleaning only) only) Screws located the accessory Carry assembly HOW TO ASSEMBLE CAUTION: the CAUTION: ON/OFF switch the OFF the the as (FIG. the as pictured; with screws (FIG. the to the the back of the and This the of the the the around the the back of the to the to the hose the back of the and the hose as shown (FIG. the of the cleaning to the the screw. the of the stretch hose the top of the cleaning the the of the front of the hose (FIG. the its (FIG. FIG.
FIG. FIG. FIG. HOW TO USE WARNING: injury. clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height ON/OFF Switch. International On, International (FIG. Release (FIG. release to back to operating To completely to the (FIG. release Information: cleaning first that might the or the Cleaner Height that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. ease the operating and back to from front wheels (FIG. Information: to cleaner. If the sound of the or performance, or to or the height hose or or or These easy to and the instructions included this owners Becoming with the information this to the performance from years to While or as the with the To accessory the of the hose or (FIG.10). Dusting/Upholstery shades, shelves, cushions and cleans corners, baseboards, and cushions. Nested Wands to reach. both near Turn to together. The instructions the as to To service the top and and FIG. FIG.
FIG. FIG. FIG. FIG. FIG. ROUTINE MAINTENANCE Turn off the switch and the the without the top and or cleaners, or the top and Removing the from right to (FIG. with both and (FIG. Empty Reposition and from to right (FIG. Top EF87A) This Upright as and secondary or top mounted that of the This emptying the and It this to and It should cleaned performance every months. top right and to the (FIG. from top cover (FIG. from (FIG. and to If necessary, the and and The and cover dishwasher top cover. top cover back from to right. WARNING: that and correctly the FIG. (CONTINUED)
ROUTINE MAINTENANCE Screen The screen located directly the and easily turning counter-clockwise. It should to the turning clockwise (FIG. (Ref. EF82) the frequently. performance, every months. the cover the right and to the (FIG. from (FIG. On and to If this cleaned with another (FIG. cover back from to right. PERIODIC MAINTENANCE CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the the without the or assembly The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the brushroll. (Ref. ZE090) The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. FIG. FIG. FIG. FIG. FIG. FIG.
Edge shown only) Edge shown only) Edge shown only) Edge shown only) PERIODIC MAINTENANCE To to to (FIG. the screws from the top of the (FIG. to (FIG. right of (FIG. and around around pulley. with base. securely the the (FIG. right of to stretch right base. IMPORTANT rotations to properly back cleaner. and screws. to upright FIG. FIG. FIG. FIG. FIG.
Edge shown only) FIG. Hose Hose PROBLEM SOLVING to Clear Hose CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the the of the hose from the hose the of the (FIG. the hose and hose Flexing the hose If found, to If found, clear the and the hose the hose If the the hose and cleared, to the from the and the (FIG. the hose clear. If found, to the found and cleared, the the cleaner. the hose from the coupling the back of cleaner. and hose (FIG. If found, clear the The screw attaching the clear hose to Screw the hose back the back of the and the other of the hose the hose the of FIG. FIG. FIG.
PROBLEM SOLVING CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the servicing. securely outlet another outlet Thermal to the or Clean or If the dirty, to reduce suction when it the flow through the suction the of hose Hose hose from the and or items from the to Height operating the back to the front off the Then the to higher operating the back to height Height the and the and ready when rating beneath the cleaner. to properly seated and with both top and Hose hose back of cleaner. from the hose that restricts the flow. to that the of the hose the hose the of the hose and or of Clean and thread from and worn. Clean or If the to reduce suction when the flow through the Hose clogs from hose that restricts the flow. hose and Empty to properly seated and with both top or of or of the front off Then the ready when rating beneath the cleaner.
If with cleaner, back to the Accessory Items This Dusting/Upholstery (DCF16) Thank purchasing cleaner. Dont to and Printed PRC Customer and caused the of covered the accessory screws)