Upright Cleaner Household Z430 IMPORTANT and to and please telephone the IMPORTANT INFORMATION GUARANTEE QUICK REFERENCE HOW TO ASSEMBLE HOW TO USE ROUTINE MAINTENANCE Empty Clean PROBLEM SOLVING Clog Protector FILTER REPLACEMENT CODE: EF89 www.electrolux.co.uk
basic should followed, including the following: To reduce the of shock, or or IMPORTANT INFORMATION when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with or without with free of and anything that reduce airow. This suction and clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without or when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city ofce, household service or the where purchased the IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING
BEFORE YOU START CHECK THE VOLTAGE connecting the to supply, that the shown the rating located beneath the of the electricity supply. If the back to CONNECTING TO YOUR ELECTRICITY SUPPLY Permanently connected to the supply with incorporating 13A the of the the cover should using screwdriver. The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 or BSI The cover the the of of the cover, from and of the as indicated the coloured the of the If Customer Services the without cover tted. If the that to off and the tted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the of this coloured with the following Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red. If three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or green-and-yellow. This insulated and earth necessary. It to that the correctly attached to the of as the of the as service that of charge the of the WARNING and freshening conditioning that the of these which the the mouldings which the of the cleaner. fresheners, household and highly of this, that these products strictly with the instructions. It that of the products directly the or of its hose assembly, chamber or Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the switches off, off the switch and the cleaner. the of overheating such as or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch On (I). If the please Customer SERVICE Should service cleaner, please telephone Customer Services service, please whether covered Service below). New and obtained from If please SERVICE CHECKLIST If the and allow the to become that the airow, reducing the cleaning of the The character of household and its the through the considerably. allows to through readily whereas or cleaning tightly the offering to and reduce cleaning the becomes overloaded. and the three or four This to high of such items as of cloth, of from or the that the clearing of hoses as service that free of charge, the Should the from the electricity supply, to section headed If these operations or lighted that with or other It as cleaner, and or If the supply Service or to New and obtained from Authorised and If please or www.shop.electrolux.co.uk IMPORTANT INFORMATION Cord
This to statutory and other rights. This household only. products manufactured, tested and inspected and, to or found to or workmanship, within of to the purchaser, of charge. You to the to service the the There which this It the correctly and with the Companys instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or authorised The unauthorised or of the You to that covered the instruction blocked/dirty from or This such wearing as and as the of these the amount and of of purchase service Please IMPORTANT: reference the following and the with the as of purchase. Purchased from purchased Road, LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with protected Great and or This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. to their from to and the this to without GUARANTEE GUARANTEE
QUICK REFERENCE HOW TO ASSEMBLE completely Attaching or the the with the the the the and the the clicks the and the to from the QUICK REFERENCE HOW TO ASSEMBLE With the facing the rear of the cleaner, the the Hose and Hose With the of the hose facing the front of the cleaner, and the hose with the the hose coupling and counter clockwise to lock. Cord (using the around the then around and to to Unit. the release to the its The when heard. Release Clean Hose Coupling Clean Hose Suction Switch only) Cord Release Cord Hose Connector
HOW TO USE Switch This switch. Suction Only, and II Suction and Brushroll. cleaning suction only (I). cleaning, suction and (II). The allows cleaning. Airow the suction to the and corners cleaning. Hose and CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the to service. the hose from the hose the of the and the hose the top. Turn the hose counter clockwise to from the to the hose hose or attachments, hose or Turn the hose clockwise to from the hose to the hose around the top hose and the of the the hose On/Off Switch HOW TO USE
ROUTINE MAINTENANCE The instructions this as to To the operating top the and the each To allow the to the of the Empty CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the to service. release the from the housing. the counterclockwise to The with the Empty the (To clean to section.) the back the the the and the correctly the the clockwise the of the the housing. the top of the back locks. ROUTINE MAINTENANCE Empty
Clean CAUTION: Turn off the switch Clean as necessary. and assembly. and the and from If the The washed to thoroughly. Allow least to washed. NOTE: The from the release and the twisting the to performance. ROUTINE MAINTENANCE Clean of housing. top of back NOTE: NOTE: o and the to service. dishwasher dishwasher. or cleaners, or the ELECTROLUX EF89.
PROBLEM SOLVING Clog the This clean-out which allows the of the to that become the CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the to service. On the of the the Clean-Out located the the the the back of the and rotating the this and from the If the from the of the to the the of the the clean-out the front and rotating the the the that the the without reattaching the clean-out Protector This with which the off the of indicated with the light the CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the to service. Turn off the and the from the brushroll. the back and turn the to cleaning. and threads from the Clean-Out Clean-Out PROBLEM SOLVING
PROBLEM SOLVING
If with cleaner, back to the Customer Hose Assembly 75585A Printed PRC and Items This Cleaner Thank purchasing cleaner. Dont to caused the of covered the Upholstery Hose