You the the the technical or the ELECTROLUX Z8240. the to the ELECTROLUX Z8240 the (information, specifications, instructions the ELECTROLUX Z8240 ELECTROLUX Z8240 instructions ELECTROLUX Z8240 Instructions ELECTROLUX Z8240 Instruction ELECTROLUX Z8240 ELECTROLUX Z8240
If anything should become the the light off. the or motorised with or exceeding To the the when the rotating. the cords, and to switch off the immediately PM English Whenyoupauseduringcleaning,thetubecanbe attached to the of the cleaner. Whenstoring,thevacuumcleanercanbeplaced and the attached the of the cleaner. to the or shorten the the release towards the and the of the There catch Emptying the Twinclean's when to the The Press the release the of cleaner. the Empty wastepaper the the back and the of the clicks Cleaning the Twinclean that should cleaned and then to high suction. Whenitistimetocleanthefilter,thefilterlightonthe flash. The cleaned while the cleaner. Turn off the when the light flashes. the cover the release catch. the and that the with each other and the back the cleaner. Turn the the of the arrow. The light to and the and as turn, the cleaned. turn, the off and the light flashing. You the cover. About once each when the light to frequently, the to washed. the to the (29)bypressingthemarkedreleasebuttonand turning the C Thread the back the PM English Cleaning the There of Twinclean Standardfilter.Mustbecleanedevery57years. HEPAfilter(thickerwithcreasedfibrematerial).Mustbe cleaned every years. There the cleaned or fitted. Removethedustcontainerbypressingtherelease the back of the and the the catches the back of the and the cover. the Tapthefilterframetoremovethewater.Repeatthe four cleaning and the back the cover and the Clearing the hose and The there the or hose or the or becomes the and allow the to cool Removetheblockagethatiscausingtheproblem,and/or replacethedirtyfilter.Restartthevacuumcleaner. to clear the and hose of It to clear the hose the obstruction caused or caught the hose. The warranty cover to hoses caused cleaning TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org) both of the release Rinsethefiltersinlukewarmwaterandletthemdry. touching the the ELECTROLUX Z8240 abstract: release them.