Upright Cleaner Household Products, Inc. Printed PN80219 o o o the with this rather than back to the please the Customer HELPLINE This rights to this from BT www.electrolux.co.uk Z3040 o C
Where to Cleaner Information Please Record the type and below. of Purchase____________ This information located the rating the back of the to these when or when service You to assembly and use.This instructions to the of Inspection and inspect Each tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to this from BT This How to of Cleaner and HEPA to and to and ZE090 to Clear Thermal Cut-Off Service and Service www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Service HELPLINE of Follow information wherever this
should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and that reduce flow. This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without the or become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. connecting Brush.Not PLEASE SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING The the cleaning head rotates high and to the the cleaning operations. should to that this If the cleaning head the the following action should Switch off and the from the the supply the from the If there of to the supply MUST The MUST Service or NEVER the with supply Customer HELPLINE to this from BT www.electrolux.co.uk IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING
the the to supply, that the shown the rating located beneath the of the electricity supply. If the back to Connecting to Electricity connected to the supply with non-rewirable incorporating 13A the of the the cover should using screwdriver. The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 or BSI The cover the the of of the cover, obtained from and of the as indicated the coloured the of the If Customer HELPLINE to this from BT the without cover fitted. If the that to off and the fitted. Customer HELPLINE to this from BT www.electrolux.co.uk This Cleaner the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home. The wires the of this coloured with the following Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red. If three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or green-and-yellow. This insulated and earth necessary. It to that the correctly attached to the of as the of the as service that free of charge the of the Cord
to of Cleaner Nested HEPA (located to or Properly This the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the On (I) (O) Switch Compartment Cord Carry Release Cord Hose Release Cord Hose Cord Hose Hose Hose
the ON/OFF switch OFF (O) cord. EF187 HEPA EF186 to the this higher than with previous You that than and, as to the frequently. Conditioning and Freshening using recommended that the of these which the the mouldings which the of the fresheners, household and of this, that these products strictly with the instructions. It that of the products sprayed directly the or of its hose assembly, chamber or located back of LOCK TABS SNAP HANDLE PULL UP HANDLE REMOVE CLOSE LID UNTIL IT CLICKS EMPTY ZE090 EACH USE FOAM FILTER FILTER SCREEN Clean WEEKLY WASH DRY THOROUGHLY TURN LID REMOVE FILTERS LINE UP WHITE NOTCHES LINE UP LID AND CLOSE FILTER SCREEN AND REPLACE FILTERS MONTHS TURN LID REMOVE REINSTALL FILTERS LINE UP LID AND CLOSE REMOVE FOAM AND REPLACE HEPA FILTER MONTHLY BELT worn, or out-of-shape DUST CUP Empty HEPA FILTER BRUSH ROLL Clean to to to to
upright to height using allow to when the or of as the Combination and Baseboards, corners cushions and Turn to and of bookshelves, and hose from hose back of of or and Stairs Stair Hose (On Customer HELPLINE to hose purchased. With the hose attached, flight of without the of and purchased to cleaning hard-surface below the If to of to the of or turned off from cleaning the the or This with constantly rotating the hose to should that the back the front of the the of the This the from and causing to or Customer HELPLINE to this from BT www.electrolux.co.uk to
to turned off and and threads from should when to that and the and the of the ZE090 worn, or of become with touching the when release to Cover screws from the front of cover and cover ZE090 and Thread around and of first. right of to stretch right to cover and screws Customer HELPLINE to this from BT www.electrolux.co.uk
How to Clear turned off and Hose hose from hose Flexing the hose and from hose 2A). If screw from hose and 2B). Hose screws and cover. Clear from hose Thermal Cut-Off This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the switches off, the switch once and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the on/off switch On If the please Customer Service Should service please telephone Customer HELPLINE to this from BT service, please whether covered Service below). the of the should service New and obtained from If please Customer HELPLINE Service If the and allow the to become that the flow, reducing the cleaning of the The character of household and its the flow through the allows to through readily whereas or cleaning tightly the offering to flow and reduce cleaning efficiency the becomes overloaded. and the three or four This to high of Customer HELPLINE to this from BT www.electrolux.co.uk 2B such items as of cloth, of from or the that the clearing of hoses as service that of charge, the Should first the from the electricity supply, to section headed to Clear If these operations Customer HELPLINE to this from BT or lighted that with or other It as and or the of the supply of this that this Service New and obtained from Authorised and If please Customer HELPLINE to this from BT www.shop.electrolux.co.uk 2A
This to and other rights. This household only. products manufactured, tested and inspected and, to or found to or workmanship, within of to the purchaser, free of charge. You to the to service the the first There which this It the correctly and with the Companys instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or authorised The unauthorised or of the You to that covered the instruction blocked/dirty from or This such wearing as and as the of these the amount and of of purchase service Please Customer HELPLINE to this from BT Road, LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with protected Great and or This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. to their from to and the this to without Customer HELPLINE to this from BT GUARANTEE
or suction the of to turn. sounds than Customer HELPLINE to this from BT turned off and securely another On switch Turn On switch Thermal cut-off and Empty the and/or the If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to the and properly. worn, or out-of-shape Hose clogs from the hose that the cleaning, height to to height cleaning, height to another to and Hose height to higher to worn, or out-of-shape and Empty the and/or the to worn, or out-of-shape Hose clogs from the hose that the Empty the and/or the If the to reduce suction when it flow through the and to the and properly. (Located the to flow. clogs from the hose that the flow. or of
o o Dont to and caused the of covered the www.electrolux.co.uk o If with back to the Customer HELPLINE This rights to this from BT C