of cleaning specially and To purchase of these please Customer Services The The Telephone: www.electrolux.co.uk To top performance from cleaner, Z4520, Z4590
Thank choosing cleaner. These operating instructions cover This that with included. and the the the Cleaning the the Cleaning the hose and Troubleshooting and information supply instructions Warning instructions
board ACCESSORIES AND SAFETY PRECAUTIONS (Z4590) (Z4590) (Z4520) Hose Hose with suction Upholstery board) board) board) (Z4590) The should The features insulation and to earthed. to Without (this the cleaner). which the cover closing without to force the cover (this serious to the or butts, from or ash, The serious to the which covered the warranty. authorised service to the covered the warranty. or the the Disconnect the from the cleaning or of the cleaner. that the the the service and repairs authorised service the
BEFORE STARTING the cover. that the the hose the catch clicks to the catch to the (Z4520) or the (Z4590) to the hose and the the and Press the foot to the of the to Press the On/Off with foot to the cleaner. the suction the the or the suction the hose GETTING THE BEST RESULTS the with the the with the suction and the boards, corners, the and bookshleves: the Short-pile and hairs: the
REPLACING THE DUSTBAG the as as the becomes to with attached. If and cleaning. whilst cleaning please the hose and the cover. the to the the straight its tracks. the corners of the the the of the the the and cleaning. the using cleaning reference REPLACING THE TEXTILE DUSTBAG (Z4590) the hose and the cover. the to the the from the to and empty. the that both of the the the The Allow to hours. It should the cover clicks.
Cleaning the (The should cleaned three months, or when and the protection the and allow hours to the back the and the cover. reference EF the (The should months). the to the the the of the and the back the cleaner. the cover. cleaning and touching the
CLEANING THE HOSE AND NOZZLE The the or hose becomes or the and from the and allow the to cool Clear whatever causing the and/or or the Then the cleaner. the the hose through and hose cleaning or to clear the and It to clear the hose the obstruction or caught the The warranty cover to hoses caused cleaning them. Cleaning the To reduction suction the The to the hose
TROUBLESHOOTING AND CUSTOMER INFORMATION Troubleshooting The that the connected to the that the and the blown The whether the If with the or hose the Water the It to the authorised service to the caused the of covered the warranty. Customer Information responsibility from of the or of with the This with the futher www.electrolux.com repairs or the If the or the Instructions please The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
ELECTRICAL SUPPLY INSTRUCTIONS the connecting the to supply that the the of cleaner) supply. If the back to Connecting to supply Permanently connected to the supply ted with incorporating 13A the of the the cover should screwdriver. The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 and the cover the the ofloss of the cover, obtained from or Electricity and of the as indicated the coloured the If Service (Please the Service without If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The should then of to of should another of home. The wires the of this coloured with the following Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured The which coloured connected to the which the or coloured red. If three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or green-and-yel- [This insulated and earth-connection necessary.] It to that the correctly to the of as the of the as service that free of charge the of to the of the correctly. should the the to the outer or insulation surrounding the conductors. Tighten screws. the top of the and
basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL THE INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when allow to as toy. when allow children to this as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce flow. to that burning or such as matches or ashes. without when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
This to and other rights. products manufactured, tested and inspected and to or found to or workmanship, within of to the purchaser, of charge. You to the to service the tion the first year. There which this It the correctly and with the Company's instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or autho- The unauthorised or of the You the to that covered the instruction The from or This such wearing as and as the of these the amount and of of the of purchase service futher the reference the following and the with this as or purchase. Purchased from: purchased The Group, Road, LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with it protected Great and of This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. The to their from to and the this to without GUARANTEE