Trilobite_2_Eng_Fi_Ru.indd Trilobite_2_Eng_Fi_Ru.indd
of arthropods that earth about years received the and Their and they the known know and often staircases and This as of the of Trilobite_2_Eng_Fi_Ru.indd
English of Product Functional Preparations and and the Emptying and Cleaning the Collector Cleaning the and Accessories/After-Sales Service Technical Specifications Declaration of Conformity
I cleaner. the other things
cleaner. The the and the Scan the around and the You to the recharge when necessary. off when finished. to ease Thats why that to about that the You to think about other things. that cleans While other things instead of and to switch right To cleaning (firstly the and then the simply: the charger and charging as shown. ready displayed, the and the Confirm with and cleaning. cleaning back to the and charge. English
Product to charger Battery terminals using ultrasound and light to cleaning, information about the of the Edge cleaning as the the the Normal NOTE! the first to the to charge hours. Battery completed Normal or and indicated the to to the The then and ready The as walls and operation. to and and than to English of or to the to the length. the user instructions to the should fitted. and function The function to and and The clearly shows which function selected. The with its to and easily. The rotating to The with its high and to emptying. wheel plate Self-adhesive
Functional Charger the to This the charger the cleaning directly from the or of to the right of the Edge cleaning first the of the to establish the of the Cleaning the through the its own. three Normal first the following the cleaning) and then The as Normal, however without cleaning. of about to information to and when to the Starting You the Normal of the Normal with approaching and then follows the outer of the of the covered. the and of the cleaning to found the this, cleaning and to the or cleaning. cleaning the cleaning freely the its around with the of sound. This the that the instance, and its path, front of and then However, with its cleaning release within back the within seconds and the If while cleaning, the cleaning and If this To cleaning Press to Charging If from the charger or cleaning, to the whenever the charge below Once the to the the to the If the charger cleaning and the becomes too somewhere the If the Quick from the It then to the charger when finished cleaning. Emptying the Empty the when the shows the to the completely The light to the with To to the to and to the right of the To to its back to the the charger of the of the English
that It to prying and when around... With this to the following to Warning English household to or bathrooms, or other staircases shelves, warehouses, Children children with Children and exciting. If the become scared, with the of to the them the function of the Consequently, to another the wear to wear Charger or the charger cord, as cord, or around or corners. from heated cord. To the charger the cord. charger cool, to the weather to shock and/or
of The than of this, might stairway or off the It inclines, Consequently, to and with where necessary. as front of chairs, and that catch cords, tablecloths, cords, the off and or walls. the the which might to: with with fires, with fire or fireplace without where or other become to such as white thinner, electricity, where the Combustible such as white thinner, from hairspray or the with when operating. While cleaning of This when to the charger this as whisper. With this that NOT or If as should, aged, or to service allow to this the thin allow to thin this the allow service to the the of incorrect overheating. Not covered warranty heat the only the charger ZAC2 to recharge Cleaning of cloth when cleaning the guards. touching the Cleaning the and the collected the reactions the there chance Please to the fact that insects or Empty the while the fits tightly around the children English
Preparations the with its the Press securely. hear acknowledging (this seconds). This the the exhausted: the charger and there about and then towards the Battery Normal. cleaning? You affection to and its To the from the following. Charging Charging the charger the to the and with its rear facing the Allow of to the right of the the to the lower, A. Charge B. You to the charger C. You charger the to the charging process. If the from the charger and the while If the to the interrupted than seconds and manually the it the and then with the charger To that the English C Charging The shows the and If the or or from the charger right the the screw the back of the the of and back to charge the its around whether freestanding or cleaning both and effective the slightly to cleaning. to heavy such as sofas. On the other hand, top of of the shifted. than to! Normally, to to the and with the of cleaning. distinguish and to to Also there cords or other the that from freely the Safety The charger should with free of to the right of the sounds and the tery the when charging becomes about hours which Ready shows the
to than with the If to the the and and to property. self-adhesive that once therefore that the once and the of where If nonetheless choose to the the that the with the (with the protective Please that the to the with staircase staircase that the height or such automatically. the top with or of than If the of than and that staircase, this to the and Trilobite_2_Eng_Fi_Ru.indd Affixing the Clean the with the cleaning Allow to NOTE! NOTE! the the of of than than with with off the protective Affix the the top of the and its (as shown and Warning! cards, the become with with with to with or this than It to and the using the as shown with the front of the the and and If the of the with functionality. If the top of the securely attached. to that might otherwise there cords or other the that from freely the English
and Next On/Off Press the about to and Stop The to or to Press the to shown the Next the to items the the as when to the On/Off Charger Battery Information shown the and (The shown Normal Battery Charger found and Clock
Normal. Select Normal ready to using the Normal and switched off or the to Press to the This when of Press Select shown, the and then with On chosen, to This the Press to from staircase or pressing this, while the The with Normal that cleaning included. shorter with the to however, the slightly inferior. switched Select shown. Confirm displayed and If to the and If would to the please follow the instead of Confirm the option Select the and then with On chosen, to Press to from staircase or this, while the Quick. Select Select to The that with the of the The switched Select shown. Confirm and the of the to and or or butts. from staircase or this, while the English
and the Normal. Select It to the Normal or Select the or Select shown. Confirm the and then chosen its On chosen, to chosen clean charging this the cleaning. Press to English Trilobite_2_Eng_Fi_Ru.indd to the information the of To the switch and Press the displays whether to the Press Press to the and the selected function, shown the about seconds. this, the of the function shown It of to or displayed function while the shown. Normal. Select to of the To this function, first and and tions. You then which or to to or the NOTE: cleaning the charging station. clock Press Select displayed. Press displayed. Press displayed. Press the displayed. Press clock displayed. Press the hour displayed. Press Press the displayed. Press Press the displayed. Press The and displayed.
Normal. Select To the cleaning Press Select displayed. Press displayed. (If the clock displayed. the Press Select displayed. Press the displayed. Press Select displayed. Press the hour displayed. Press Press the displayed. Press The and displayed. The the with OK? flashes. If the correct, with cleaning? displayed. Proceed to If cleaning Press Select flashes. Press Press to the Press Select the cleaning this The displayed. OK? flashes. Confirm with cleaning? displayed. the other cleaning to Press and the Trilobite_2_Eng_Fi_Ru.indd the charger and cleaning active, clock displayed. clean the NOTE: If the cleaning or to hour. To Press displayed. Press Press to Press to the cleaning To Press Select displayed. Press Press to Press to the cleaning To cleaning Press Select displayed. Press Select Press Select displayed. Press the displayed which to the cleaning On with cleaning the displayed; otherwise displayed. Press Select displayed. Press displayed. Press Normal. Select the The that rectify the below. the of other recharge and If Customer Service, The below: something incorrectly attached? casters. something its action. something from it and switch Normal the or incorrectly the charger connected to the the terminals the and properly connected to each other? the board. the hours. Then restarting English
Emptying and Cleaning the Collector Press the the of and Cleaning the the each the emptied. the English off the the the with the facing Turn the locking to and with the facing the cover. the the the right. Empty the around the the to with without and upwards/outwards.
the washer or clothes Clean the of to threads, the or other Trilobite_2_Eng_Fi_Ru.indd and the the the Press the to the and that the securely. the the and each tenth the replaced. the with the cut-off corners facing to the right. the the three the correctly, the the the If the properly closed, the incor- rectly. Finally the English
and Should to when the first It to when the the first to to around Can with activated function. Can the as as thicker than operates something Not The the and the right to connected to the when children to switch off charging know whether correctly lights the and hear charge? that correctly connected to the charger to that the charger connected to the that the rear of the charger enough to to the charging They the and the input English Trilobite_2_Eng_Fi_Ru.indd approximately seconds It when switching from to the other. completely that sufficiently to the charger cleaning? The to increased. to crackle while This sound the to the The actually of the the It collects (this why should becomes the There the the necessity and should every the If to what this to? the replaced. What should when displayed? The shown other Customer Service, What the Protection This that from cords the What the Stairsafe It that allows the to and staircases light.
to of than the and of than to also? that reach, such as staircases, shelves, regularly, the amount of the reduced. This reduces the cant its back to the charging station? the to the charger correctly positioned? to there the from finding its to the charging station? If the to to the charging station. clean the the The within hour of the cleaning If to to from cleaning? You cleaning to from cleaning automatically. You the cleaning whenever Trilobite_2_Eng_Fi_Ru.indd English
Service Battery Battery To purchase chargers. each ZAC2 might the the You purchase information, Customer Service or ZE the and protection (the should each tenth the emptied). The from You service Customer Service) or them from EF The selection of continuously updated. Please Customer service or information about English Trilobite_2_Eng_Fi_Ru.indd Customer Service Accessories, service, what type of about to Customer Service. Please Reservations responsibility caused incorrect or unauthorized of the Product and to without The products protected or
Technical Specifications ZA2 Height Navigation ultrasound Stair light or manually to Charging hours Charger Charger ZAC2 Height AC V, DC Cord Declaration of conformity Concerning Directive 98/37/EC Directive 73/23/ECC EMC-Directive 89/336/ECC Light Appliances S-593 SWEDEN that the household with charger ZA2 and ZAC2 conforms with the of the Directive EC, the Directive 73/23/EEC and the EMC Directive 89/336/EEC. It further that the household with charger ZA2 and ZAC2 conforms with the of the following Directive: EN EN and A1 EN Directive: EN and A11 A12 A1 A13 A15 A2 A14 A16 EN and A1 A2 EN60335-2-29 and A11 EMC Directive: EN and A1 A2 EN EN EN and conducted authorised tests: UL International DEMKO A/S, DK-2730 SEMKO AB, S-164 SWEDEN. English
www.electrolux.com