and Instructions
Introduction Specifications Wall mounting Wall mounting and the Grease the light Cleaning Technical Service OKO SYSTEM OKO SYSTEM MADE IN GERMANY Printed AEG action.
Introduction The as and with function activated accessory). The features outlet of which located the top of the while the other located the rear. To the should first the C or the outlet the top the the screw as shown off the the If the the the the to the using should outlet hose or or ) from of C Top Rear
The and through the front the to You AEG KLF60/80 activated the To of thermal operation to the to winter The covering the to You active accessory). become warmer the active and the to as The the of the to sealed with self-adhesive operation installation. MAX 40W EXHAUSTING ABLUFT EVACUATION ASPIRANTE RECIRCULATION UMLUFT RECICLAGE FILTRANTE
and Please that the and indicated the rating plate with the of electricity supply. If with with moulded-on type comply with the following regulations: The moulded to the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or should used. If the cover/carried obtained from If the outlets the to the then the off and reasons, and fitted. the that of securely retained each to the the This screened interference with Community EEC, EN DIN VDE supply with supply (Great rating (The should only connected authorized rating further information. It recommended that the the sited the or the overhead This The The easily when necessary. If the cooker should connected with electricity to the Switches with of than apply as These switches, and (VDE s.
connected to the of fused outlet with or without strongly the connected fied who of the NICEIC who with the IEE and regulations. NOTE: The terminology DOUBLE POLE that both the and and disconnected the The terminations SUPPLY the the internal house and the terminations LOAD the IMPORTANT The wires of the with this coloured with the following Brown-Live the of the of this with the coloured the as follows: The whire which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red. The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured ON FUSE BLUE BROWN (NEUTRAL) (LIVE) SUPPLY LOAD DP 13A, 250V SUPPLY Appliances with wires LOAD
Appliances with wires connected to the of fused with or without strongly the connected fied who of the NICEIC who comply with the IEE and NOTE: The terminology DOUBLE POLE that both the and and the The terminations SUPPLY the the internal house and the terminations LOAD the WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED IMPORTANT The wires this coloured with the following Earth the of the the of this with the coloured the terminate as follows: The which coloured and yellow connected to the which with the E or the earth or coloured or and The which coloured connected to the which with the N or coloured The which coloured connected to the which with the L or coloured red. ON FUSE BLUE BROWN (NEUTRAL) (LIVE) LOAD SUPPLY LOAD DP 13A, 250V SUPPLY GREEN YELLOW (EARTH)
Specifications Height of the absorption: with DIN and
as the with or If the outlet hose of that the flow without the the follow- from the top of the cooking and The to or combustion The outlet connected to which It to apply authorization from the authority when connecting the outlet to or combustion The outlet comply with the the authorities. the its sufficiently with that approximately the as the outlet National and building of using and connected to such as or room-heaters and fires, the only with connected to the and/or tion) from to the of created of the If the authority or building inspectors office. Where the should than: with with of than reduce the efficiency of the and reduce the flow.
Since the with burning outlet of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its and the without the of the the its function, the following to operation: and straight outlet hose outlet hose to the hoses with they follow only the hose as as or to these basic drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the tor four the of the the template supplied. Mount the the of the four screws. If interchangeable the mounting Wall mounting
Wall the template the mounting four the and the four screw anchor the Screw screws them the that right to the turning the screws the the Tighten the first screws and, screw the other screws the the
The with The effective of the obtained switching cooking and leaving approximately finished, cooking The switches located the front the light switch switches the and off; the switch switches the cooking and and off, to of the four cooking or without or top of to the of heat the or should uncovered. should when using the them overheat and burst The of fire increases when using It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to the and the the recommended to grease to causing fire Light switch On/Off switch
the Grease and The disconnected from the supply the and the downwards. To the forwards from the right and release CLOSED The grease to the grease that cooking and used, irrespective of whether the or operation. The grease the of its related the grease to approximately hour with and then with the necessary. the grease dishwasher, selecting the and least 65C. the operation necessary. The should cleaned with and when the The grease from AEG service. the and the to the The activated should only to the its To this AEG activated This cleaned or reused. the activated should OPEN
the Press the and the the and when This information shown the plate located the of the The activated from AEG service. to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore strongly to follow these instructions. Disconnect the from the supply. cover the light with light If the light the screwed correctly the AEG service. Warning the light
Cleaning Warning: the from the supply cleaning the protective the or or clean the switch and cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire Wall ( Wall ( hose outlet hose Synthetic grease KLF60/80 activated
Technical service of and please AEG Service: AEG Appliances Head Office: Bath SL1 4AW AEG Northern Service Unit Haigh Haigh GL SK4 1QR Service Appointments Bristol: please the following The The The The the right to and the interests of technical without AEG Scottish Service Block Unit Lanarkshire ML5 4AQ
If please service and the following numbers: AEG AG D-90327 Copyright AEG 489B Ed.