Upright Household Z9100 IMPORTANT and to and please telephone the CONSUMABLE REPLACEMENT CODES: E87 BAG, ZE107 BELT AND EF107 HEPA FILTER Printed USA IMPORTANT INFORMATION GUARANTEE HOW TO ASSEMBLE HOW TO USE ROUTINE MAINTENANCE www.electrolux.co.uk
using basic should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the as this attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and anything that reduce flow. This suction and clothing, and of from and cleaner or as the with the while using attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without the or become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. PLEASE SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING The the cleaning head high and to the supply the cleaning operations. should to that this If the cleaning head the supply the following action should Switch off and the from the the supply (only the from the If there of to the supply MUST The MUST Service or NEVER the with supply conditioning and freshening it recommended that the of these which the the mouldings which the of the cleaner. fresheners, household and highly of this, that these products strictly with the instructions. It that of the products directly the or of its hose assembly, chamber or Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the switches off, the switch once and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least attempting to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch On (I). If the please Customer IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING
BEFORE YOU START CHECK THE VOLTAGE connecting the to supply, that the shown the rating plate located beneath the of the electricity supply. If it the back to CONNECTING TO YOUR ELECTRICITY SUPPLY Permanently connected to the with incorporating 13A the of the the cover should screwdriver. The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 or BSI The cover the the of of the cover, obtained from and of the as indicated the coloured the of the If Customer Services to this charges from BT the without cover fitted. If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the of this coloured with the following Brown: the of the the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red. If three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or This insulated and earth necessary. It to that the correctly attached to the of as the of the as service that free of charge the of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Cover Cord
SERVICE Should service cleaner, please telephone Customer Services to this from BT service, please whether covered Service below). New and obtained from If please the SERVICE CHECKLIST If the and allow the to become that the flow, reducing the cleaning of the The character of household and its the through the considerably. allows to through readily whereas or cleaning tightly the offering to and reduce cleaning efficiency the becomes overloaded. and the three or four This to high of such items as of cloth, of from or the that the clearing of hoses as service that of charge, the Should first the from the electricity supply, to section headed If these operations the phone or lighted that with or other It as cleaner, and or the of the supply of this that this Service New and obtained from Authorised and If please the phone or www.shop.electrolux.co.uk This to and other rights. This household only. products manufactured, tested and inspected and, to or found to or workmanship, within of to the purchaser, free of charge. You to the to service the the first There which this It the correctly and with the Companys instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service Representative or authorised The unauthorised or of the You to that covered the instruction blocked/dirty from or This such wearing as and as the of these the amount and of of purchase service Please to this from BT IMPORTANT: reference the following and the with the as of purchase. Purchased from purchased Road, LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with protected Great and or This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. to their from to and the this to without GUARANTEE
to ASSEMBLY PACKET The assembly with the owners The screw and to the assembly to the ASSEMBLY the the cover. the of the assembly the the the screw through the housing and and cover. On with cords, the the assembly the the back of the On with cords, the around the three the back of the the to To the cord, the and the around the and The the when The released the the to the upright On with cleaning attachments, the the the suction to the cleaning the the FEATURES Suction Selection and Cord Cord Cleaning Height and HEPA Assembly Latch Switch Cord Hose Carry Release
to The upright to of carpeting. to the upright with the operating as to the covering HANDLE ADJUSTMENT With the of the foot the of the release located the of the cleaner. the and to the The completely cleaning POWER SWITCH The switch mounted the top of the assembly the of the cleaner. The off with the switch the Press the front of the switch cleaning the rear of the switch to CLEANER HEIGHT SETTINGS The front of the that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to the Recommended of cleaning. If the to the to the height the to The reach the effective cleaning. ATTACHMENT CLEANING those with this option, the easily to cleaning. The should the upright the assembly and the suction the back of the to the hose The should with the to the Hose To to cleaning, the the front of the the to the the the and the The with that the from the suction to the To the cleaning reach of the the the and the outer section. High the the to the The assembly built-in and permanently To the the and the the the CHANGING THE DUST BAG (BAG CODE E87) the cover release and the cover to the the straight to and the the the the cover without
Turn off the switch and the of the or or HOW TO REPLACE THE HEPA FILTER ASSEMBLY (FILTER CODE EF107) the assembly to release. the from the and the the of the with the the of the and and cleaned the assembly with the completely back the cleaner. These the the of the BRUSH ROLL MOTOR PROTECTION RESET The off the the This indicated light the the release. To the clear obstruction to the and the switch. HOW TO SERVICE THE BRUSH ROLL (BELT CODE ZE107) become To burns, touching the when servicing the the screws the plate and both of the and straight of the the of the through the the to the the properly the seat the base. HOW TO REPLACE BRUSH STRIPS From the (A).and (B). outer and (C) counterclockwise to outer (D) off of assembly. (E) with of (rounded first). of the the the from of bearing (F) with and outer (D) Screw C (C) tight. Reassemble the of freely, and the base. AIR PATH CLEAN-OUT The with cleanout, located the the To access, the cover and the assembly the the assembly to the top of the path. Clean and the assembly back PRE-MOTOR FILTER the located the the each the Clean or as to If necessary, the cleaned with another or with completely
If with cleaner, Thank purchasing cleaner. Printed USA back to the Customer and to this from BT Dont to and caused the of covered the