torrt English Thank choosing cleaner. rechargeable of light and household to the They cleaner. Dry. rechargeable performances Dry. Dry. Dry. o
Dry. Dry. firmy firmy
Oni Dry. Dry. Dry. Dry. Dry. On Dry. Dry. Dry. Dry
torr service reparationer servicecenter. fint English Features/Accessories On/off Release Charging light should only and the servicing and repairs authorised service children should to that they with the when The children and infirm without Each that supply the as that stated the rating the charger this the cleaner: to housing shows of On On or lighted butts, On instance from or ashes. the sunlight. or charging to the or to heat. The dismantled, short-circuited, or to strong heat. the the serious to the covered the warranty. the without its Charging station, Charging station,
marche/arrt Station charge charge Station charge Toutes service charge tranchants. charge charge type B. Wandmontage
bort torrt English and assembly that the Charging the charging station. that switched off when the charging station. light once with the charging station. It hours to charge the the first hours charging to capacity. to that ready should charge when used. The become charging this Underneath the charging there hollow where wound The mounted the the screw the that the bear the of the Dry. from the charging straight upwards. Start/stop the once. The and the charging station. the to the to cleaning of to reach. from the the the with the suction The of
tous charge charge. charge. Un charge. charger charge charge Un charge charge charge charge Dry. bouton marche. charge. hat
A. bort B. torra English Emptying/cleaning Drys when reaching the indicating and the each Every and then the and the to cleaned to high suction A. Emptying of the Release the whole the release the and the wastepaper or the and the and back the clicks B. Thorough cleaning of the and (recommended third cleaning) Release the whole the release the and the the and the the The and the or cleaned and that the they reassembled. Reassemble or dishwasher.
conserver A. bouton B. tous bouton Rincer A. B.
Service reparationer Electrolux-serviceverkstad. servicepersonal Konsumentinformation www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.se information. Konsumentservice information service OBS! 89/336/EEC, 73/23/EEC 90/683/EEC 93/68/EEC. If to of, the should Used should of with household These should to recycling station. them. NB connected to the charging while the batteries. the screws. the the and the batteries. Servicing or repairs of or to authorised service If the supply or its service or to Consumer information responsibility from of the or of with the If the supply it the its service or to This with the recycling If the or the Instructions please Please www.electrolux.co.uk, or Customer please to this from BT that this operated cleaner, conforms to the EMC Directive 89/336/EEC, Directive 73/23/EEC with 90/683/EEC and the CE Directive 93/68/EEC. conformity testing third testing
of thinking www.electrolux.com