torrt English Thank choosing cleaner. rechargeable of light house- These Instructions cover This that with accessories/features included. to the They cleaner. rechargeable instructions fournis performances handstof- ontwor- incluyen incluya o Isto o
torr service servicecenter. fint English Features/Accessories On/off with function* Release Charging light cleaning cover should only and only the servicing and repairs authorised service children should to that they with the when The children and infirm without Each that supply the as that stated the rating the charging this the cleaner: areas. to housing shows of On or On or lighted butts, On instance from or ashes. the sunlight. the or to heat. The dismantled, short-circuited, or to heat. the the serious to the covered the warranty. the without its only. Charging station, Charging station,
bort English Unpacking and assembly that the Charging the charging station. that switched off when the charging station. light once with the charging station. It hours to charge the the first approximately hours charging to capacity. to that ready should when used. The become charging this Underneath the charging there hollow where wound The mounted the the screw the that the bear the of the from the charging straight upwards. Start/stop the once. increased suction and the The and the charging or the the to the to cleaning of to reach or the only.
A. B. C. D. A. bort B. C. torra D. bort bort English Emptying/cleaning when Every and then the and the to cleaned to high suction A. Emptying of the Release the whole the release the and the the and back the clicks B. cleaning of the and Release the whole the release and release the cleaning* to from the the cleaning cover. the the hose of another the cleaning C. Thorough cleaning of the and (recommended third cleaning) Release the whole the release both the release both The and clean or cleaned and that the they reassembled. Reassemble or dishwasher. D. Cleaning the the cleaning cover and, using of the to release the or other that and then and the cleaning cover. only.
Service servicepersonal Konsumentinformation www.electrolux.com information. Konsumentservice information service OBS! 89/336/EEC, 73/23/EEC 90/683/EEC 93/68/EEC. English If to of, the should Used should of with household These should to recycling station. NB connected to the charging while the them. the screws. the the and the Servicing or repairs of or to authorised service If the supply or its service or to Consumer information responsibility from of the or of with the If the supply the its service or to This with the recycling www.electrolux.com If the or the Instructions please Please www.electrolux.co.uk, or Customer please to this from BT that this operated cleaner, conforms to the EMC Directive 89/336/EEC, Directive 73/23/EEC with 90/683/EEC and the CE Directive 93/68/EEC. conformity testing third testing
English The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the chargeant recyclage recyclage service hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling of of of o o o usted o o incorrecto o o o
of thinking www.electrolux.com