Upright Household Z8800 IMPORTANT and to and please telephone the FILTER REPLACEMENT CODE: EF105 and EF106 www.electrolux.co.uk IMPORTANT INFORMATION GUARANTEE QUICK REFERENCE HOW TO ASSEMBLE HOW TO USE ROUTINE MAINTENANCE Top Clear PROBLEM SOLVING Clear Hose
should including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce flow. This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while using attachments. anything that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without the or become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. PLEASE SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING The the cleaning head high and to the supply the cleaning operations. should to that this If the cleaning head the supply the following action should Switch off and the from the the supply the from the If there of to the supply MUST The MUST Service or NEVER the with conditioning and freshening recommended that the of these which the the mouldings which the of the cleaner. fresheners, household and highly of this, that these products strictly with the instructions. It that of the products directly the or of its hose assembly, chamber or Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the switches off, the switch once and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch On (I). If the please Customer IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING
BEFORE YOU START CHECK THE VOLTAGE connecting the to supply, that the shown the rating located beneath the of the electricity supply. If the back to CONNECTING TO YOUR ELECTRICITY SUPPLY Permanently connected to the supply with incorporating 13A the of the the cover should screwdriver. The MUST 13A ASTA BS1362 or BSI The the the of of the cover, obtained from and of the as indicated the coloured the of the If Customer Services the without cover fitted. If the that to it off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the of this coloured with the following Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red. If three-pin to the with the or the earth or coloured or This insulated and earth necessary. It to that the correctly attached to the of as the of the as service that of charge the terms of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Cover Cord
SERVICE Should service cleaner, please Customer Services service, please whether covered Service below). New and obtained from If please SERVICE CHECKLIST If the and allow the to become that the flow, reducing the cleaning efficiency of the The character of household and its the flow through the considerably. allows to through readily whereas or cleaning tightly the offering to flow and reduce cleaning efficiency the becomes overloaded. and the three or four This to high of such items as of cloth, of from or the that the clearing of hoses as service that free of charge, the Should first the from the electricity supply, to section headed If these operations or lighted that with or other It as cleaner, and or the of the supply of this that this Service New and obtained from Authorised and If please or www.shop.electrolux.co.uk This to and other rights. This household only. products manufactured, tested and inspected and, to or found to or workmanship, within of to the purchaser, free of charge. You to the to service the the first There which this It the correctly and with the Companys instructions within the United or the of Ireland. Service Service or authorised The or of the You to that covered the instruction blocked/dirty from or This such wearing as and as the of these the amount and of of purchase service provided. Please IMPORTANT: reference the following and the with the as of purchase. Purchased from purchased Road, LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE, LU4 9QQ of the and with protected Great and or This conforms with the of the E.E.C. 89/336/EEC relating to (EMC) CE. to their from to and the this to without GUARANTEE
HOW TO IDENTIFY PARTS OF CLEANER Items hose screws Hose cleaning activation Cleaner height Edge On/Off switch release HEPA Hose Hose supply Nested release (lower) release HOW TO ASSEMBLE the On/Off switch OFF the from the back of the (as shown), the of the with the with screws.
HOW TO ASSEMBLE the hose of the the as shown. the the as shown, and rotating the with screws. The screw to as shown (through the the hose HOW TO ASSEMBLE the around the and release) as shown. the hose as shown, following the arrow, and the and the as shown.
HOW TO ASSEMBLE the the as shown. the the front of the cleaner, the as shown. to when using this the or the of as HOW TO USE THE CLEANER the carrying to from to To release cord, On/off switch, International On, international
HOW TO USE CLEANER Warning: to injury, clothing, from Height from High to If to to highest reach cleaning To the Height to the release. back to To the release HOW TO USE ACCESSORIES upright hose from of cleaner. accessory of hose or shelves. cleans corners, baseboards, cushions. Combination Turn to the
HOW TO USE ACCESSORIES Warning: To reduce the of from cleaner, with the below the the the as this HOW TO USE ACCESSORIES Cleaning To The cleaning the or reach to tops, To the from the To the the To the the the clockwise and the the when and the with the arrow and the counter-clockwise.
HOW TO USE ACCESSORIES Cleaning To Clean: the the Tube, and the Activation counterclockwise the back of the to the HOW TO MAINTAIN To service the and Routine Turn off the switch and the the without the top and or cleaners, or the top and Removing the from right to the the Empty Reposition and from to right.
HOW TO MAINTAIN On/Off switch and supply servicing. Clean and EF106 The located directly the Clean the The easily turning it counter- clockwise. It should monthly to the turning clockwise. Clean the The located beneath the and easily the It this to and should cleaned the or brushing it The washed dishwasher) Once the THOROUGHLY AIR DRIED, them back the the HOW TO MAINTAIN the HEPA EF105 the and back the the the The HEPA the and turning the the HEPA completely, and off or the HEPA the HEPA the chamber, the turn the to the right to the and the back and the Arm patches NOT
HOW TO MAINTAIN to Clear Hose On/Off switch and supply servicing. the of the hose from the hose the back of the the hose and hose Flexing the hose If found, to If found, clear the and the hose the hose If the the hose and cleared, to the from the and the the hose clear. If there the hose the release to the the ground. round, to the from the hose If found, to the found and cleared, the the cleaner. HOW TO MAINTAIN and If found, clear the The screw attaching the clear hose to Screw the hose back the back of the and the other of the hose the hose
HOW TO MAINTAIN On/Off switch and supply become To injury, touching the when the and threads from periodically. cleaning brushroll. from brushroll. ZE096 Turn off the switch and the become To touching the when the foot to ground. Turn screws. Turn back and the of the and Thread around then of first, then right HOW TO MAINTAIN completely to facing Screw the screws to the first this the screws the of the Screw the screws the rear.
CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the servicing. Thermal to or suction the of the hose and from the to with or of or Cleaner height height release release of to release. On/Off Switch Thermal and Hose Clear Hose Clear securely another Turn on/off switch to to Empty the and/or the If the to reduce suction when through the the properly. or of Clean and thread from and worn. clogs from the hose that the cleaning, selected, selected. Empty the and/or the If the to reduce suction when through the the properly. clogs from the hose that the hose or plate and from the or of Turn to higher or of
securely another Turn on/off switch to to Empty the and/or the If the to reduce suction when through the the properly. or of Clean and thread from and worn. clogs from the hose that the cleaning, selected, selected. the and/or the If the to reduce suction when through the the properly. clogs from the hose that the hose or plate and from the or of Turn to higher or of On/Off Switch Thermal and Hose Clear Hose Clear Thermal to or suction the of the hose and from the to Height with or of or height height release release outer of to release.
If with cleaner, purchasing cleaner. (0X/07) Printed PRC back to the Customer and Dont to and caused the of covered the