and Instructions
Appliances with of the Technical Fixing the operation and grease Charcoal the Cleaning Technical service
It that the and indicated the rating with the of the to electricity supply. If the with with moulded-on type the following with: The moulded to the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or should used. If the obtained from If the outlets the to the then the off and reasons, and fitted. the that of securely retained each to the the using supply with using supply (Great rating (The should connected authorized rating further information. It recommended that the the sited the or the overhead This The The easily when necessary. If the should connected with electricity to the Switches with of than apply as These switches, and (VDE s.
the UK The connected to with switched fused outlet with or without strongly the to connected who of the NICEIC who with the IEE and NOTE: The terminology DOUBLE POLE that both the and the switched and the The terminations SUPPLY the the internal house and the terminations LOAD the IMPORTANT The wires of the with this coloured with the following Brown-Live the of the of this with the coloured the the as follows: The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red. The which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured ON FUSE BLUE BROWN (NEUTRAL) (LIVE) LOAD SUPPLY LOAD DP 13A, 250V SUPPLY Appliances with
the its sufficiently with that the as the outlet The outlet connected to or tion The to which It to apply authorization from the authority when the outlet to or combustion The comply with the regulations the authorities. National and building regulations of using and nected to such as or room-heaters and fires, the The of such with connected to the and/or from using to the of created operation of the If the authority or building inspectors office. Since the with burning should as outlet of which to reduce the performance of the If the its and the without the of the the its function, the following to operation: and straight hose of the outlet hose hoses with following hose as as ). to these drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the
as the with If the forced through the MKZ (with and ( which of optional the the follow- from the top of the cooking and Where the should than: with with of than reduce the of the and reduce the flow. The as ducted charcoal The through which connected to the outlet of coupling To the to hoses and as offered the AEG as optional
cleaned the charcoal and ducted back the The AEG charcoal the the as follows: the turning the and clockwise this through with of the top of the the
of the Light switch switch Work Technical Height 160W Motor: Lighting: of the with DIN
Fixing the the the This or other The to the of the with the shown To the as follows: the the the the to the screwing screws through C the C C
The with The effective of the obtained switching cooking and leaving finished, that that cooking cooking or without or top of to the of heat the or cooker should uncovered. should when using the them overheat and burst The of catching fire increased when It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to the and the grease the recommended to grease to causing fire
The with The effective of the obtained switching cooking and leaving finished, cooking The switches located the front the light switch (A) switches the and off; the switch (B) switches the cooking and and off, to of the three
and operation, the from the electricity. The grease To the as follows: the turning the as shown the and the You should the four and the or hand. Clean the internal housing with cleaners, brushes, or about hour with grease- cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the when dishwasher. Select and highest least C. the process. the when the grease the dishwasher of the grease Hand-washing
Charcoal The charcoal least every months. The charcoal or The the the AEG recommended used, the as recommended this section and the cleaned and as instructed this Therefore follow the instructions closely performance. The charcoal with which created the as shown the and the New charcoal from AEG or washed. To the anticlockwise the to the cleaning the and and cleaning the fires. Therefore, follow these instructions
off the electricity the to the and them necessary. Unscrew the that and them with 40W (E14). If the light function, that the properly screwed customers service Warning: the from the supply cleaning pointed the protective the or or the switch and using cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire to the cleaning the and and cleaning the fire. Therefore, properly these instructions highly recommended. the Cleaning
AEG and hose charcoal Technical service You to technical service of technical whenever information or the of calling, please ready to The The The This information shown the plate the the grease the right to specifications and as of of
AEG AG D-90327 Copyright AEG 650A