DL CHDL DL and Instructions
the the of the Appliance and Cleaning the grease Removing the grease Charcoal the light What to Technical service Technical Specifications the from Relocating the D) Printed AEG action
the user The to from the cover lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the cooker top/ The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the dirty. It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to the and the the recommended to grease to fire the as the with the the following from the top of the cooking and The of such The connected to or tion The connected to which The comply with the regulations the authorities. the its sufficiently with that
approximately the as the outlet National and building of and connected to such as or room-heaters and fires, the with connected to the and/or from to the of created of the If the authority or building inspectors office. Since the with burning of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its function, it and the without the of the the its function, the following to operation: and straight hose outlet hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the outlet to these instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the
of the Appliance The as and with function charcoal You AEG charcoal this function from AEG Service Force this extracted to the hose connected to the coupling to the performance the hose should to the outlet DL 4150-CHDL Should there already hose of that to the through the or to the this the slightly The through charcoal and to the You AEG charcoal the function. Accessories). Coupling screw D)
obtained and high when concentrated. Turn the then the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The switches located the right-hand of the the light switch switches the and off the switch switches the and off, to of the three DL CHDL Light switch Light OFF Light ON switch OFF DL Light switch Light OFF Light ON switch D) D)
and The from the electricity supply Cleaning the Clean the of the cloth and or cleaning products. pointed the protective the using or or the switch and cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire grease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal recycling function. Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, every four the grease DL CHDL DL Press the that the grease first the and then the and them the Grease DL CHDL DL
grease about hour with then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing or brushes).
Charcoal The charcoal should to the the function. To this AEG charcoal from Service Force The charcoal washed The charcoal should every months from Service Force the grease the charcoal the both the charcoal and the charcoal (towards the front of the the grease To the the and when This information shown the located the of the The charcoal from AEG Service Force
Warning to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore recommended to follow these instructions. The to the or fire to or to the the light the cooker from the supply. Unlock the cover twisting the to the and the cover. the with of the type. the cover and relock twisting the to the right. If the light the correctly Service Force
What to If to properly please the following Symptom The cooker that: The connected to the electricity supply. Check that selected The cooker that: effectively.. The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The The switched off operation... tripped. Turn off the and then the to If the below the indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
Charcoal KF8 Not UK, please Service Force Technical service UK) You to telephone technical service of technical whenever information or the of calling, please ready to specify: The The The This information shown the plate the the grease the right to and as of of Service and UK the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section What to as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: Clear and of the and and of the Telephone This information found the rating which when the grease
Technical Specifications absorption: Lighting (E14): Lighting (PL): of the DL4150 CHDL4150 DL C C DL4150 DL CHDL
UK) the connecting the to the supply, that the indicated the rating to the supply Appliances with connected to within easy access. Should necessary to the only authorised the electricity board. with of least of the only authorised UK the the to the supply switch which the The switch The following the United only: the which and yellow connected to the which with the or the earth or coloured or and yellow; the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red.
the of the to allow of the the top of the to allow of the and the the grease the grease the located the of the Through the top of the with of the the the and to the the of the the the of the the of the and the that the anchor the of Tighten the screws the anchor firmly. If the with four screws the grease the grease
Removing the from Follow these the grease the screws from the the screws the fixing screwdriver the the fixing (right and and each of the fixing At the the (right and of the as
Relocating the D) The lighting the grease and the housing screws and the forwards of the housing. the The enough of the the top of the housing and the the through the the cover that the wire. the included with the the the to the
From the Group. The The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG LI13EC Ed.