and Instructions
the the of the Appliance and Cleaning the grease the grease Charcoal the light What to Service and Conditions Technical Specifications Mounting included the Wall mounting Printed AEG action
the The to from the cover lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the top/cooker The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the dirty. It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to clean the and the the recommended to grease to fire the as the with Should there already of that to the through the or roof, to the reduction provided. this the slightly the the following from the top of the cooking and The of such The outlet connected to or combustion The outlet to which
It to apply authorization from the authority when the outlet to or combustion The comply with the regulations the authorities. the its sufficiently with that the as the National and building of and connected to such as or room-heaters and fires, the only with connected to the and/or combination) from to the of created of the If the authority or building inspectors office. the with burning outlet of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its function, and the without the of the the its function, the following to operation: and straight outlet hose outlet hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the to these instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the
of the Appliance The as and with function charcoal You AEG charcoal this function from AEG Service Force The to the through which to to the performance the hose should to the Should there already of that to the through the or to the reduction provided. this the slightly The through charcoal and to the through the top of the outlet You AEG charcoal the function. the using screws. Optionally, the of the using the the the the top, with the outlet the
obtained and high when concentrated. Turn the then the The should cooking about or the disappeared.The switches located the front switch, off. and choice of C Indicates (LED) and of the grease the (flashing Indicates (LED) and of the charcoal the (flashing Indicates Indicates (LED). on/off. The If the when the activated, the to If the off when the activated, the turned off To the A, or G. Light ON/OFF Should the or the to the supply least seconds, then the back If the to correctly there the It to the closed and This Great the the as or fireplace or heaters, heaters, as the which these other this tion, that The the to back the the
LED lights the of This without charcoal If the to the with charcoal the activated as follows: and the and buttons seconds. Initially the LED the grease C activated, shortly the LED the charcoal this the To switch off the and the and seconds the LED the active flashing. grease C The LED the grease when cleaning. Follow the instructions. charcoal The LED the charcoal when the replacing. This about hours from when the active first operation. the cleaning or the and the and buttons seconds the grease LED or the charcoal LED flashing.
and The disconnected from the electricity supply Cleaning the Clean the of the using cloth and or cleaning products. pointed the protective the switch and cloth and It to clean the and the the recommended to grease to that fire grease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the ducted or internal recycling function. Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, four the grease the and the grease grease about hour with grease- cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they
Dishwasher grease dishwasher. Select the and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Charcoal The charcoal should to the its function. To this AEG charcoal the charcoal The charcoal cleaned, that they should approximately every three months or often the than three hours the charcoal first rearward the tongue, then to the housing and its To the the and when This information shown the plate located the of the The charcoal from AEG Service Force
Warning to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore strongly recommended to follow these instructions. The responsibility to the or fire to or to the the light the from the supply. the cover, screw as the with of the type. the cover. If the light the correctly contacting AEG Service Force
What to If to properly please the following Symptom The that: The connected to the electricity supply. that the to or The that: effectively.. The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the ducting and outlets The switched off The operation... tripped. Turn off the and then the to If the below the indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
Service and the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section What to as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and Telephone Clear and of the and of the This information found the rating which when the grease Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, please Customer the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to neglect, installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light glassware or plastic. Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customer`s of or AEG The or includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchaser`s rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country.
please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
absorption: Lighting: 20W of the Mounting included wood-screws screws screws reduction
the The outlet should the chimney.The with earth and the rated V. the to the supply switch which the This switch The following the United only: the which coloured and connected to the which with the or the earth or coloured or and the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured the which connected to the which with the or coloured red.
Wall mounting the template the and the and the Mount the with the the the and with the screws the grease and the screws the and the the and the the with the screws and with the screws Mount the with the and the screws that the and (S): the outlet and the or that the top of the mounted with the or as mounted with the (K): Mount the with the screws supplied. the and to the top with the screws supplied. the of the and to the top of the with screws supplied. that the top of the mounted with the or as mounted with the upwards.
K-S Charcoal and
Charcoal and Charcoal and outlet Wall
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG LI1VFB Ed.