and Instructions
the Information Appliance Instructions To Extraction and Cleaning Cleaning Grease To the Grease Charcoal To Remove/Replace the Charcoal Lighting the Light Something Not Working Service and Conditions to the instruction The following found the text to through the instruction instructions instructions the Instructions Technical Information the Clearance Selecting the of Fixing the to the the to the Wall the Shelf Top Shelf with Turned to the Wall with Turned or Right Fixing and of Ducting and
These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer or This with the instructions and to. If the then the with the of BS.6172, BS.5440 and BS.6891 and BS.5482 (LP the Regulations, the Building Regulations issued the of the the Building (Scotland) (Consolidated) Regulations issued the Scottish The of the incorporates which the below the height recommended the Technical Information section, or the becomes overheated. If the activated, switch off the and allow the to cool. The when the cooled. It to the specifications or this the the If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or balanced type. If other of or that there supply of to the the with with other than electricity, the the to back the the The this connected to existing which other with high IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Child The to operated Children should to with the or with the This only. as over-heated and might catch fire. cooking this this and Service This fire the grease and charcoal cleaned or as recommended. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service Force
This to from the To the performance to switch the cooking and finishing. V1. to the with or V2. to the cooking to four V3. to the high when or cooking foods with L. to switch the YOUR APPLIANCE OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
This to or The cooker specified the with the charcoal fitted. The cleaned through the and than back the The activated charcoal from become grease and effective. The normally least three months or the than three hours Extraction The the cooker through the grease and through the the atmosphere. the the charcoal and cooking this cooker when and as over-heated and catch fire. the the switched using the heating covered with and when using the and to the charcoal when cleaning or as the activated charcoal with grease, which it with clothing or furnishings. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS S07_29 S07_03 S07_30
carrying or cleaning isolate the from the supply. The clean, of grease or fire Cleaning The and should cleaned least once month to the with cloth and then thoroughly. scouring or cleaners as they scratch or the wear protective when cleaning the scouring or cleaners. amounts of when cleaning around the Grease The grease should cleaned least month. The or washed dishwasher. To the Grease the grease the the back and completely Charcoal The charcoal cleaned, should every three months or the than three MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING S07_06
To the Charcoal the to the security fixing and This fire the grease and charcoal cleaned and as recommended. Lighting The should with 220-240V 20W To the Unscrew the screws to release the surround. from the the the the correctly the the Charcoal grease and obtained from Service Force MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING S07_27 S07_28 S07_31
If, these instructions to properly please the following Symptom The The effectively The switched off If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service If or to purchase Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering SOMETHING NOT WORKING SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the connected to the electricity supply. that the to or The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and The tripped. off the and then the to should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. with or information other AEG products please Customer Customer AEG High Street SL1 1DZ Telephone: to this recorded
Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG built-in or thereof to reason of workmanship or the option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE and that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this AEG Service Force or become the property of this and to these hours which EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of AEG which AEG. This to and rights. EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They that the Service of and to and UK Slough GUARANTEE CONDITIONS
It to the or to this Technical Information DIMENSIONS HEIGHT (CANOPY): HEIGHT (CHIMNEY): WIDTH (CANOPY): WIDTH (CHIMNEY): 200-270 GROSS: NET: ELECTRICAL SUPPLY: POWER CONSUMPTION: FAN MOTOR: LAMP: HALOGEN GUA SUITABLE FOR INSTALLATION ABOVE: ELECTRIC HOB: KW GAS HOB: KW SLOT-IN GAS COOKER KW SLOT-IN ELECTRIC COOKER KW This earthed comply with the I.E.E. Regulations and Electricity this should Electricity Board, or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC). to the that the to the the rating plate the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CE that this with the EEC compatibility) and and 72/23/E. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS This with and permanently connected to the electricity supply switch each Switched Unit to BS1363 with recommended supply to with the to instructions. This conforms to BS and EEC Directive of and interference.
Please that when the easily to the of breakdown. installations with the authorities the of Incorrect the of this the to which the to or The to to cooking and the (ducted to the or recycling) The and The to to incorrect of the or the with this type of installation. Unpacking the the with the upwards as the The with the following including and (C). with (A). (F). (G). (R). Ducting (W) (B) INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
Clearance The cooker to cooking the clearance stated, the of the beneath the the Technical Specifications. If the of the below the the outputs please to the instructions. clearance height of when built-in or when built-in clearance height of when or when the the and the the of the and the If the height of the than of of the This cooking with high Selecting the type of installation: The the top of the of three turned outlet the only outlet turned or right and INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD A: clearance B: clearance C: clearance D: clearance S07_30 S07_03
Fixing the to the the grease the To the charcoal the to the security fixing and the fixing the with the fixing the the the sections the back to the Fixing the G1 (found the accessory the of that perfectly to the of Then to the C four of the screws E. the supply from the with to the from the together the and The grease and charcoal should the to the If the to with shelves or the instructions fixing the Fixing the to the Whichever type of to the to with shelves these the the shelves: Shelf the template to the the shelf. B as reference the the the to through. INSTALLING INSTRUCTIONS A08_TL S07_08 S07_09 G1 C
the through the the fixing to the Top Shelf The top the to with the turned upwards. the template to the the shelf. the B as reference the the the to through. the The specified the with the charcoal fitted. the from the of the cooking using and This to the of the the template the the of the they and that the the lowest of the and the cooking beneath the clearance the titled Clearance Heights. the template the (to fixing the of the The of (X) from the through the of the fixing which the lenght of the the (Z). the the and the assembly and the ready the fixing screws. INSTALLING INSTRUCTIONS S07_05
the round screws tightly the (S) to the assembly. The the with the (G) the the top of the assembly ready the screws to fixing the assembly the and about thirds. the assembly and the fixing (S). Ensuring the screws the fixing than the screws with the outlet turned the the from the of the cooking and This to the of the the template the the of the they and that the the lowest of the and the cooking beneath the clearance the titled Clearance the template the (to fixing the of the The of (X) from the through the of the fixing which the of the the to (Z) as illustrated the fixing the and the assembly and the ready the fixing screws. INSTALLING INSTRUCTIONS S07_11 S07_05 S07_23
the the and the the ducting. To the of the the the ducting, (D) through the (X) The round to the round screws tightly and the (C) the located the releasing the Unscrew the screws from the back of the assembly and the surround. the ducting (F) the assembly the fixing and screws. the screws provided, fixing the assembly and the and about thirds. the assembly and the fixing (S), than the screws. with the outlet or right: the from the of the cooking using and This to the of the the template the the of the they and that the the lowest of the and the beneath the clearance the titled Clearance the template the (to fixing the assembly) the or right of the The of (X) from the through the of the fixing which the lenght of the the to (Z). INSTALLING INSTRUCTIONS S07_14 S07_16 S07_20
the the and assembly and the ready the fixing screws. The with the facing the rear. To the to or right as follows: the screws (V1), the to (A) the or right as required, then the screws. (B) To the (S), the or right screw and the screw (V2) the Unscrew the four screws and the surround. the (R) using the four screws and the cover. the round screws tightly and the (C) the located the releasing the Unscrew the screws from the back of the assembly and the surround. the (F) the assembly the fixing and screws. the screws fixing the assembly and the and about thirds. the assembly and the fixing (S), then the screws. INSTALLING INSTRUCTIONS S07_18 S07_22 S07_19
fixing and of the the of the Turn the screws (V1), the screws (V2) with the screw (F2). the and screws (V2). Turn the screw (V1) to the to the the the screw (F2). Tighten the screws fixing the (C) to the (A). Ducting and Ducting ducting to the the charcoal and and ducting from the outlet round to the ducting the (F) connecting the ducting, to tight This connected to with than ducted from the or right it to the (W) with to the (R). The the with the charcoal and the (G) the outlet the top of the assembly) ready The charcoal to to allow INSTALLING INSTRUCTIONS S07_21 S07_22 S07_19 V1 V2
and the cover the four screws. the from the assembly to the the terminals as the cover and the cover with the four screws. Once the completed, that the and the selection properly. the charcoal the to the and the grease INSTALLING INSTRUCTIONS S07_24 S07_34