DE DE CHDE Notice and Instructions
the the of the Appliance Operation and grease the grease Charcoal the light What to Service and Technical Printed AEG action
the The to from the cover lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the top/cooker The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to clean the and the the recommended to grease to fire the as the with the the following from the top of the cooking and The of such The outlet connected to or combustion The outlet connected to which The with the the authorities. the its sufficiently with that the as the outlet
National and building regulations of and connected to such as or room-heaters and fires, the with connected to the and/or from to the of created operation of the If the authority or building inspectors office. Since the with burning of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its function, and the without the of the the its function, the following to operation: and straight outlet hose outlet hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the to these basic instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the
of the Appliance The to from the The as and charcoal from Service Force this extracted to the to the performance the hose should to the outlet The through charcoal and to the You AEG charcoal the function. from Service Force the charcoal the of the the to the and the charcoal the
obtained and high when concentrated. Turn the cooking then the It should cooking about or disappeared. The switches located the front switch Light switch The with micro-switch which found the of the the right With this micro-switch, the switched and off and closing the the already and the light to and The disconnected from the electricity pointed the protective the or or clean the switch and using cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire ON OFF
grease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal recycling function. Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, every four the grease CHDE To the grease first the upwards, then the outwards. D: To the grease first the and the grease oushing the locking grease about hour with grease- cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing using only or
Charcoal The charcoal should to the the function. To this AEG charcoal from Service Force The charcoal washed The charcoal should every months from Service Force the charcoal the charcoal the of the using the to the and the charcoal the Removing: Press both upwards the of the housing) and the charcoal the and when This information shown the located the of the The charcoal from Service Force
Warning to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore strongly recommended to follow these instructions. The responsibility to the or fire to or to the the light the from the supply. the grease or the D). the with of the type. the grease or the If the light the correctly Service Force
What to If to properly please the following Symptom The that: The to the electricity supply. that selected The cooker that: effectively.. The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The The switched off operation... tripped. Turn off the and then the to If the below the heights indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
Service and the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section What to as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and Telephone Clear and of the and of the This information found the rating which when the grease
Technical CHDE 335D DE DE T6A 250V T6A 250V absorption: Lighting: Duct Length of the the The outlet should the the The with earth and the rated (CHDE 6260/335D) 230V (DE DE the to the supply switch which the The switch The following the United only: the which coloured and connected to the which with the or the earth or coloured or and yellow; the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured the which coloured connected to the which with the or red.
C C:4 C:4.1 D:4 C:4.2 AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG (DE (DE (DE (DE (DE (DE (DE LI1R6A C DE DE
D:4 C:4 C: C:4.1 DE D) (C) (D)
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG LI1R7B Ed.