and Instructions
instructions of the cooker the and cleaning.......................................... What to Service and Customer Conditions............................................... Technical Installation................................................................ These the of safety.Ensure that them or the of If about of these or the Customer Please this instruction reference, the or to another and service of the and the with to of function of the cooker and to and and/or property. The least or or least or that the installation. The the or the disconnected. The connected to of other that other than electricity. Please, to the of official instructions
of This household. or other the the of fire: Immediately switch off the and the the fire. cooking the It fire. that overheated spontaneously the It that the grease cleaned to to the and causing fire. the section and the instruction when of Disconnect the from the and the the inlet.Contact authority information where to of the of the cooker Functions There Extraction of to the optional and optional The following included with the cooker with lighting and by: U-shaped section and U- section. reduction containing: to the to the screws, and The following from KF8 alternatively KFL 60/80.The to when the connected to the
the The T1: switch on/off (Activating and deactivating the stand-by T2: switch T3: on/off D1: D2: 1-2-3-P D1-D2: count switch off) T4: T5: on/off T6: Switch switch off SENSOR: switch Function SENSOR If the the or the T4 pressed, the light switched and the to with the T4/T5 If the the the light and switched off If, when stand-by activated, the T5 pressed, the and the light switched Function when SENSOR the T4, the switched and the with the T4/T5
switch off The switch off activated with T6 while the The shows the and switched off The switch off If the shows the F, that the grease should cleaned hours) If the shows the C, that the should cleaned or hours). To the and the or C from the when OFF the T4 and T5 seconds. The when F or C off the the to of the charcoal If to (with charcoal of as follows: the OFF, then T5 and T6 seconds. Correct If the to correctly there the It to the closed and to know Not recirculation. Great the the as or fireplace or heaters, heaters, as the which these other to The the to back the the
and cleaning the from the disconnecting the from the or the Cleaning the Clean the of the cloth and or cleaning products. Cleaning the grease Clean the month or every other month to the used. The the the grease they the the the of the the the front and forwards. The of wires which the grease collects. Clean the or dishwasher. the back. that dishwasher the and cleaning the The and other the LONGLIFE cleaned and reactivated. At the should cleaned every month. The to the the dishwasher. and choose the highest C). the that food the and To the the should with of C. The KFL reactivated, to months of
approximately three years of the KF8 should with as the reduction reduced. To the the grease Press the buttons (A), the front of the the the light Disconnect the from the supply the light. To the light Press the cover and the with of the type the cover Clean the regularly. The grease that collects the and the plate (or overheating
What to If to properly please the following Symptom The The connected to the electricity supply. that the to or The The high enough effectively... the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the ducting and outlets The switched off The service operation... tripped. Turn off the and then the to If the below the heights indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
Service and the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning routed to the Service covering Please that the section What to as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and Telephone Clear and of the and of the This information found the rating which when the grease Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, please Customer Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purchase or documentation.The The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to installation, or attempted or to and the instruction book.This cover such as light or plastic. Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the customer`s of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchaser`s rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country.
please Customer below, to them of home.They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Technical Height Light 2X20 Grease KF KFL
Unpacking that the Transportation should immediately reported to the and should immediately reported to the of the that of the of The should mounted freely the The least or or least or The connected to of other that other than electricity. Please, to the of official The should the chimney.The with earth and the rated V. the to the supply switch which clearance the V. The following the United only: the of the the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: the which coloured and yellow connected to the the which with the or the earth or coloured or and yellow; the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured the which connected to the which with the or coloured red.
Mounting the the template the and the and the mm).Mount the with the the the and with the screws the grease and the screws the and the the and the the with the screws and with the screws Mount the with the and the screws that the and (S) the outlet and the or with the supplied. (K) Mount the with the screws supplied. Mounting the the and to the top with the screws supplied. the of the and to the top of the with screws, supplied. that the top of the mounted with the or as mounted with the upwards.
Charcoal and Charcoal and outlet Wall
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG LI1IAE