D/8190 D/8290 D/8390 D/8391 and Instructions
the user the of the Appliance and Cleaning the grease the grease Charcoal the light What to Technical service......................................................... Technical Mounting included Wall mounting Printed AEG action
the The to from the cover lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the top/ The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the dirty. It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to clean the and the the recommended to grease to fire The children or infirm without Young children should to that they with the WARNING that the switched off the to the of shock. the as the with Should there of or that to the through the or to the reduction provided. this the slightly the the following from the top of the cooking and
The of such The outlet connected to or tion The to which The with the regulations the authorities. the its sufficiently with that the as the outlet National and building regulations of using and connected to such as or room-heaters and fires, the with connected to the and/or from using to the of created operation of the If the authority or building inspectors office. the with burning outlet of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its function, and the without the of the the its function, the following to operation: and straight outlet hose outlet hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the outlet to these instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the
of the Appliance The as and with function charcoal You AEG charcoal this function from AEG Service Force this extracted to the hose connected to the coupling to the performance the hose should to the outlet Should there already of that to the through the or to the reduction provided. this the slightly The through charcoal and to the through the top of the You AEG charcoal the function. Accessories). the using screws Optionally, the of the using the the the the top, with the outlet the
obtained using and high when concentrated. Turn the then the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The switches located the front the light switch switches the and off the switch switches the and off, to of the three switch Light switch the light switch switches the and off the switch switches the off push-button push-button push-button Light switch switch
obtained and high when concentrated. Turn the then the The should about or the disappeared. The switches located the front switch, OFF. and choice of C Indicates (LED). Indicates (LED) Indicates (LED) Indicates (LED). on/off. The If the when the activated, the to previous If the off when the activated, the turned off To the or B. Light ON/OFF Should the or the to the supply least seconds, then the back
and The from the electricity supply Cleaning the Clean the of the cloth and or cleaning products. the protective the or or the switch and cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire grease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal recycling function. Attention: the grease and washed, either or the dishwasher, every four the grease the grease backwards, then the grease about hour with then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing or brushes).
Charcoal The charcoal should only to the the function. To this AEG charcoal from Service Force Cleaning/replacing the other the LONGLIFE cleaned and reactivated. At the should cleaned month (when the hours The to the the dishwasher. and choose the highest C). the that food the and To the the should with of C. approximately three years of the should with as the reduction capacity reduced. Mounting the charcoal and with screws. the charcoal first from the and it frontwards the To the specify the and when This information shown the plate located the of the The charcoal from AEG Service Force
Warning to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore recommended to follow these instructions. The responsibility to the or fire to or to the the light the from the supply. the cover. the with of the type. Remount the cover. Press the cover and the with of the type the cover. If the light the correctly Service Force
What to If to properly please the following Symptom The cooker that: The to the electricity supply. that selected The that: effectively.. The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The The switched off operation... tripped. Turn off the and then the to If the below the heights indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that it to of purchase service customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
Charcoal KF8 Technical service UK) You to telephone technical service of technical whenever information or the of service calling, please ready to specify: The The The This information shown the the the grease the right to specifications and as of of Service and UK the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section What to as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to Clear and of the and and of the Telephone This information found the rating which when the grease
Technical Lighting Height of the (PL) (G4) (G4) (G4) (G4) (G4) (G4) Mounting included fixing only) wood-screws screws screws screws reduction charcoal
UK) the connecting the to the supply, that the indicated the rating plate to the supply Appliances with connected to within easy access. Should to the authorised the electricity board. with of least of the only authorised UK only the the to the supply switch which the The switch The following the United only: the which coloured and yellow connected to the which with the or the earth or coloured or and the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red.
Wall mounting Position the template the and the and the Mount the with the the the and with the screws the grease and the screws the and the the and the the with the screws and with the screws Mount the with the and the screws that the and (S) the outlet and the or with the supplied. (K) Mount the with the screws the previous the and to the top with the screws the of the and to the top of the with screws,
outlet Wall
From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG LI13FC