INSTRUCTION BOOK FOR ELECTROLUX COOKER HOOD CH UK
To to effectively and please this instruction the and reference. If the of the or further formation Products, please Customer concerning or further information, Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded To ownership, please and the with the the Information Appliance Instructions To Extraction and Cleaning Cleaning Grease Charcoal To Remove/Replace Charcoal the Light Something Not Service and Conditions to the instruction The following found the text to through the instruction instructions instructions the Technical Information the the Wall the the Chimney
These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer or This with the instructions and If the then the with the of BS.6172, BS.5440 and BS.6891 and BS.5482 (LP the Regulations, the Building Regulations issued the of the the Building (Scotland) (Consolidated) Regulations issued the Scottish The of this incorporates which the below the height recommended section Clearance or the overheated. If the activated, switch off the and allow the cooker to cool. The when the cooled cantly. It to the cations or this the the If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the The this connected to existing which other with high IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the This only. as over-heated and might catch cooking this cooker the This cooker to from the and Service This the and charcoal as should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction. to Service Force
YOUR APPLIANCE
The to from the The to or The switched directly the without rstly to KEY LED FUNCTIONS Light lighting and off. T1 First about seconds the switched off. T2 T3 Third T4 Flashing the cooking and The function becomes active when the about seconds. of functioning off automatically. This function of of the buttons. S1 Indicates that the grease and the to washed. The hours. the Flashing that the activated charcoal and the to replaced; the grease washed. The activated charcoal hours. (Activation and the To Select the and light the the the through the grease The cleaned through the charcoal back the through the of the Extraction the the the through the grease and through the the atmosphere. To the performance when cooking to switch the cooking and about the ducting the charcoal required. cooking this as over-heated and catch the heating covered with and when using the and OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
carrying or isolate the from the supply. The cooker clean, as of grease or Cleaning the cooker with scouring or cleaners. amounts of when cleaning around the Grease The and cleaned when the S1 lights or least every months of tion, or heavy the grease by: Releasing the catches the the The grease should washed, hand, or dishwasher. Allow to completely replacing. Switch off the lights and Press T3 least seconds, the to ash. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING
carrying or cleaning isolate the from the supply. Charcoal the the charcoal and the the or Turn the Lights and the suction off. the the switch or the switch the supply. the and holding T1 Release the turned Within seconds T1 T1 and T4 rmation: LED ashes Activated charcoal ENABLED LED ashes once Activated charcoal DISABLED The and It when S1 ashes or least every months. The light when the switched To Remove/Replace the Charcoal the grease the activated releasing the the its seating the grease This the grease and charcoal cleaned and as recommended. Switch off the lights and Press T3 least seconds, the to ash. the Light the cover from the with hand. the from the gently. the with of the type, that the properly the housings the the cover. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING
If, these instructions to properly please the following Symptom The The cooker effectively The cooker switched off tion If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service If or Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to Service Force The the back of the SOMETHING NOT WORKING SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the connected to the electricity supply. the switch the ON The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and The tripped. off the and then the to should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. with or further information products please Customer Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
that within four months of the of the purchase this built-in or thereof to reason of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property of this and to these hours which EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which This to and rights. ELECTROLUX EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following cations: The from the purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough GUARANTEE CONDITIONS
It to the cations or to this Technical Information DIMENSIONS HEIGHT OF CANOPY: HEIGHT OF CHIMNEY: (UPPER SECTION) (LOWER SECTION) WIDTH OF CANOPY DEPTH OF CANOPY: ELECTRICAL SUPPLY: VOLTAGE: POWER CONSUMPTION: FAN MOTOR: LAMPS W) DOUBLE INSULATED DO NOT EARTH comply with the I.E.E. Regulations and Electricity regulations. this should Electricity Board, or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC). to the that the to the the rating the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CE that this with the EEC compatibility) and cations and 72/23/E. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS This with and connected to the electricity supply switch each Switched Unit to BS1363 with accessory to with the to instructions. This conforms to BS and EEC Directive of and interference.
Please that when the easily to the of breakdown. installations comply with the authorities the of Incorrect the of this the to which the to or This to to cooking and the to the or The and The responsibility to incorrect of the or the with this type of installation. the the with the arrows upwards as illustrated the The of the following Product with lighting, and comprising: section section Ducting Ducting outlet Section Fixing Wall Screws Instruction INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
Clearance The to cooking the clearance stated, the of the beneath the the Technical If the of the below the cooker the please to the instructions. clearance height of when built-in or when built-in clearance height of when cooker, or when the the and the the of the and the If the height of the than of of the This cooking with high The these performance should the the heat This (ducting) or recycling The with the charcoal tted. the (ducting) the charcoal and and INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD A: clearance B: clearance C: clearance D: clearance
the Wall Wall the to the or as high as the of the which the the the as shown about from the or the (notch) with the reference the the of the the the as shown below the (X height of the section supplied), the with the the the of the the reference as indicated from the reference and the reference this operation the other the the supplied) the the the screws supplied). the and the together the screws plied). the screws supplied) the leaving of the and the head of the screw. If the to hollow or or board then screws supplied). INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
the to the the screws located the top of the the the screws item supplied). the screws item screw and the screws item the Extraction The effective when the (ducted to the purchased through or DIY and ducted to of or The from conforming to the British or DIN 4102-B1. the ducted to the the charcoal The the with the charcoal tted. the through the charcoal to and the through the outlets of the To the the item the item the item of the outlet item the and with the outlets the the item to the top of the using of or or recommended and should where as this the performance while lowering INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
Extraction The charcoal this and should Ducting The or If through the immediately the the performance the shortest and the of Where should turned through tight as this the performance of the It recommenmded of to to reduced each o the If the than the cency of the impaired. The of the ducting the top of the item using to the item to the the top of the and the to item (supplied). If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the The connected to heating or heaters and Working the to the the as the section titled ELECTRICAL CONNECTION. the the three and INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
the Chimney The consists of The and the (with the The UPPER CHIMNEY To the section item the slightly to allow to the item as illustrated. the that the item correctly with the outlet the the of the to the using the four screws item as illustrated. LOWER CHIMNEY To the section item the slightly to allow to the item and the item as illustrated. the of the to the the screws item provided, as illustrated. INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
High Street Slough BERKSHIRE SL1 1DZ