CHDD and Instructions
Printed AEG action
the the of the Appliance the Remote the Remote and grease the grease Charcoal the light What to Service and Conditions Technical Mounting included the Wall mounting
the The to from the lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the top/ The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the dirty. It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to the and the the recommended to grease to fire the as the with Should there already of that to the through the or roof, to the reduction this the slightly the the following from the top of the cooking and The of such The outlet connected to or tion The outlet connected to which
It to apply authorization from the authority when connecting the outlet to or combustion The outlet with the the authorities. the its sufficiently with that approximately the as the outlet National and building of and connected to such as or room-heaters and fires, the with connected to the and/or from to the of created operation of the If the authority or building inspectors office. Since the with burning outlet of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its function, and the without the of the the its function, the following followed to operation: and straight outlet hose outlet hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the outlet to these instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the
of the Appliance The to from the The as (with charcoal already and fitted) and with function function the charcoal The to the through which to the grease and the Charcoal from its housing the screws that to the the grease to the performance the hose should to the outlet Should there already of that to the through the or to the reduction provided. this the slightly
The through AEG charcoal and to the through the top of the outlet You AEG charcoal the function. the screws the using screws
Operation obtained and high when concentrated. Turn the cooking then the It should cooking about or disappeared. The operation the switches or with the The switches located of the OFF. Decreases the ON, Increases the once to the OFF Light ON/OFF Saturated light BUTTON Activates and the Automatically the off the operation. LED activated Duration or as BUTTON Once the charcoal this least seconds the light off BUTTON Remote both least seconds. sound to that the accepted. Without releasing the buttons, of the buttons. sound to that the and LED Indicates that the charcoal This LED ON when the the BUTTON the light off.
the Remote ON ON/OFF Light ON/OFF the Remote the first with the both buttons least seconds. sound to that the accepted. Without releasing the buttons, of the buttons. sound to that the and Clean the using Follow the instructions below to the the the cover the of the to the the and with type 23A 12V the to the polarity as indicated the of the Warning! If the the following AEG Service Force the from the the to the the the Follow this whenever the reason battery). Battery cover
and The disconnected from the electricity supply pointed the protective the or or the switch and cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire grease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal recycling function. Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, every four
the grease both grease the then the the with the grease about hour with grease- cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing or brushes).
Charcoal The charcoal already and mounted The charcoal should to the its function. recirculation. The charcoal and The charcoal The charcoal should months from Service Force the charcoal the or from the supply the grease the charcoal and to the of the with screws. the grease To the and when This information shown the located the of the The charcoal from Service Force
Warning to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore strongly recommended to follow these instructions. The responsibility to the or fire to or to the the light the from the supply. the cover, screw as the with of the type. Remount the cover. If the light the correctly Service Force
What to If to properly please the following checks. Symptom The that: The connected to the electricity supply. that selected The cooker that: effectively.. The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The The switched off operation... tripped. Turn off the and then the to If the below the indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that necessary to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
Service and the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further infor- mation about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section What to as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and Telephone Clear and of the and of the This information found the rating which when the grease Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, please Customer the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or documentation.The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction book.This cover such as light glass-ware or plastic. Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the customer`s of or AEG The or includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchaser`s rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home.They then that the Service of and to and UK
Technical absorption: Lighting: 20W of the Mounting included reduction charcoal (already fitted) wood-screws mounting as mounting as washers fixing as screws and as screws and the right to and as of of the The outlet should the the The with earth and the rated V. the to the supply switch which the The switch The following the United only: the which and yellow connected to the which with the or the earth or coloured or and the which coloured connected to the which with the or the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red.
mounting the with this mounting the template that the the template matches with the previously the of the template to the of the once mounted four and four the to the the as template, that the of the to the of the ONLY the to mount the the and the with screws each the the with screws and washers the the grease and definitively with screws and washers that four screws securely to the outlet of the to the of the or to the the from the supply. the board and the top of the with screws facing frontwards) the the housing the and them first to the then the seated the housing and that the match with the the of the push-button screws from the of the housing the section of the with screws from the of the the grease the the the and the properly.
AEG D-90327 LI1BA Ed. Copyright AEG T84