DD DD CHDD Notice and Instructions
the user the of the Appliance Switching the Switching the light grease or charcoal grease charcoal the and Cleaning the grease Removing the the grease Charcoal the light Technical service Technical Specifications Mounting included Wall mounting Printed AEG action
the The to from the cover heating to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the top/cooker The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the dirty. It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to the and the the recommended to grease to fire the as the with Should there already of that to the through the or to the reduction provided. this the slightly the the following from the top of the cooking and The of such The outlet connected to or combustion The outlet to which installed.
The outlet comply with the regulations the authorities. the its sufficiently provided, with that the as the outlet National and building of and to such as or room-heaters and fires, the with to the and/or from to the of created of the If the authority or building inspectors office. Since the with burning of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its function, and the without the of the measures. the its function, the following followed to operation: and straight outlet hose outlet hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the to these instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the
of the Appliance The as and with function charcoal You AEG charcoal this function from AEG Service Force this extracted to the hose connected to the coupling to the performance the hose should to the Should there already of that to the through the or roof, to the reduction provided. this the slightly The through charcoal and to the You AEG charcoal the function. Accessories). the screws coupling reduction Deflector
obtained and high when concentrated. Turn the then the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The operation the or with the (the accessory and separately). Every switching the lights, from the of light the and acoustic The located below the right of the cooker The light The switched off. Static light switched Static light switched Static light switched Flashing light switched Flashing light Indicates the grease the grease Flashing light Indicates the charcoal clean or the charcoal Attention! The flashes to the of the charcoal the the and charcoal fitted. this the operation as follows: the (the lights with flashing light), and about seconds the
Switching the The switch. the repeatedly the switches the and the once the switches off. Switching the light the the top once submersed once to switch off the light. light grease or charcoal The this includes that when the cleaning or grease The LED light) when the grease cleaning, about operating hours. that the light each the used. charcoal The LED light) when the charcoal cleaning, about operating hours. that the light each the used. the cleaning or the the (the lights with flashing light), and about seconds the the to switch the the top to switch the lights
and The from the electricity supply Cleaning the Clean the of the cloth and or cleaning products. pointed the protective the or or clean the switch and using cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire grease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal recycling function. Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, every four To the grease first the front which the grease the front the upwards and the the Unhook
Removing the grease the then the grease about hour with grease- cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing or brushes). the grease remount the front following the instructions The front to mounted the highest
Charcoal The charcoal should only to the the function. To this AEG charcoal from Service Force Cleaning/replacing the other the LONGLIFE cleaned and reactivated. At the should cleaned every month (when the hours The to the the dishwasher. and choose the highest C). the that food the and To the the should with of three years of the charcoal should with as the reduction reduced. the charcoal the of the grease with wires. To the specify the and when This information shown the plate located the of the The charcoal from AEG Service Force charcoal wires grease
Warning to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore strongly recommended to follow these instructions. The responsibility to the or fire to or to the the light the from the supply. the screw as the the with of the type. the If the light the correctly Service Force Connector
Charcoal KF Remote RM only)* DD Not UK, please Service Force Technical service UK) You to telephone technical service of technical whenever information or the of calling, please ready to specify: The The The This information shown the plate the the grease the right to and as of of Service and UK the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section What to as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: Clear and of the and and of the Telephone This information found the rating which when the grease
Technical Specifications Height absorption: 12V 20W GU4 of the Mounting included Screw template spacers wood-screws screws screws reduction DD and CHDD
UK) the the to the supply, that the indicated the rating plate to the supply Appliances with connected to within easy access. Should to the only authorised the electricity board. with of least of the only authorised UK the the to the supply switch which the The switch The following the United only: the which coloured and to the which with the or the earth or coloured or and yellow; the which coloured to the which with the or coloured the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red.
Wall mounting the three the back of the Where mount the the fixing. The spacers when the which to house the perfectly where partially covered with fixing fixing spacers
the with this mounting the template that the the template matches with the previously the of the template to the of the once mounted and the with and screws the front Removing the front the its and from the of the fixing the and the and securely with screws the screws with the screw provided.
the of the the to the of the screws DD UK) as accessory please Service (or Accessory). Block the the outwards the from the the that to the cooker the suction then of the the Suction). Attention! The should when to mounted (this item should the to other Remount the grease and the front to the noted the back of each (from to from the top to the the the the and the properly.
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG LI10UE Ed.