INSTRUCTION BOOK FOR ELECTROLUX COOKER HOOD CH UK
To to effectively and please this instruction the and reference. If the of the or further formation Products, please Customer concerning or further information, Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded To ownership, please and the with the the Information Appliance Instructions To Extraction and Cleaning Cleaning Grease Charcoal To Remove/Replace Charcoal the Light Something Not Service and Conditions to the instruction The following found the text to through the instruction instructions instructions the Technical Information the Unpacking the Wall the the Chimney
These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer or This with the instructions and to. If the then the with the of BS.6172, BS.5440 and BS.6891 and BS.5482 (LP the Regulations, the Building Regulations issued the of the the Building (Scotland) (Consolidated) Regulations issued the Scottish The of this incorporates which the cooker below the height recommended section Clearance or the overheated. If the activated, switch off the and allow the to cool. The when the cooled cantly. It to the cations or this the the If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the The this connected to existing which other with high IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the This only. as over-heated and might catch this the This to from the and Service This the synthetic and charcoal as should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction. to Service Force
This to from the The four button switches located centrally the the lighting On and light V1 the On and or when V2 when cooking with of and V3 cooking foods with s. YOUR APPLIANCE OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
To the and light required. the the the cooker through the grease The cleaned through the charcoal back the through the of the Extraction the the the through the grease and through the the atmosphere. To the performance when cooking to switch the cooking and about the the charcoal cooking this as over-heated and catch the heating covered with and when the and
carrying or cleaning isolate the from the supply. The clean, as of grease or Cleaning the with scouring or cleaners. amounts of when cleaning around the Grease The grease grease and cooking to the Cleaning The washed once every month, household their them to dishwasher. Allow to completely replacing. and the the the to release the catch as illustrated. replacing, that the outwards. Charcoal the the charcoal and The charcoal cleaned or and months, or the subjected to heavy the charcoal the grease the activated charcoal releasing the as illustrated. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING
the charcoal the and while holding the the as illustrated. This the grease and charcoal cleaned and as recommended. the Light the screw the lighting the lighting the light anticlockwise. the light the lighting and screw clockwise to the light If of the light to function that the screwed the lighting If occurred then should with 40W clear with E14 screw and light obtained from Service Force
If, these instructions cooker to properly please the following Symptom The The effectively The switched off tion If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service If or Service Force telephoning: routed to Service Force The the back of the SOMETHING NOT WORKING SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the connected to the electricity supply. the switch the ON The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The tripped. off the and then the to should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. with or further information products please Customer Customer High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded
that within four months of the of the purchase this built-in or thereof to reason of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property of this and to these hours which EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which This to and rights. ELECTROLUX EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS
It to the cations or to this Technical Information DIMENSIONS HEIGHT OF CANOPY: HEIGHT OF CHIMNEY: (UPPER SECTION) (LOWER SECTION) WIDTH OF CANOPY DEPTH OF CANOPY: ELECTRICAL SUPPLY: VOLTAGE: POWER CONSUMPTION: 230W FAN MOTOR: 150W LAMPS W) 80W DOUBLE INSULATED DO NOT EARTH comply with the I.E.E. Regulations and Electricity this should Electricity Board, or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC). connecting to the supply that the to the the rating plate the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CE that this with the EEC compatibility) and cations and 72/23/E. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS This with and permanently connected to the electricity supply switch each Switched Unit to BS1363 with recommended supply accessory to with the to instructions. This conforms to BS and EEC Directive of and interference.
Please that when the easily to the of breakdown. installations with the authorities the of Incorrect the of this the to which the to or This cooker to to cooking and the (ducted to the or The and The responsibility to incorrect of the or the with regulations this type of installation. the the with the arrows upwards as the The of the following Product with and Chimney comprising: section section Ducting Ducting outlet Section Fixing Screws Screws Instruction INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
Clearance Height The to cooking the clearance stated, the of the beneath the the Technical If the of the below the the please to the instructions. clearance height of when built-in or when built-in clearance height of when cooker, or when cooker. the the and the the of the and the If the height of the than of of the This cooking with high The these heights performance should the the heat This (ducting) or recycling The with the charcoal tted. the (ducting) the charcoal and and INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD A: clearance B: clearance C: clearance D: clearance
the Wall Wall the to the or as high as the of the which the the the as shown about from the or the with the reference the the of the the the as shown below the (X height of the section supplied), the (notch) with the the the of the the reference as indicated from the reference and the reference this the other the the supplied) the the the screws supplied). the and the outlet together the screws plied). the screws supplied) the of the and the head of the screw. If the to hollow or or then screws supplied). INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
the to the the screws located the top of the the the screws item the screws item screw and the screws item the Extraction The effective when the (ducted to the purchased through or DIY and ducted to of or The from conforming to the British or DIN 4102-B1. the cooker ducted to the the charcoal The cooker the with the charcoal tted. the through the charcoal to and the through the of the To the the outlet item the item the item of the outlet item the and with the outlets the the item to the outlet top of the using of or or recommended and should where as this the performance while lowering INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
Extraction The charcoal this and should Ducting The or If through the immediately the the performance the shortest and the of Where ducting should turned through tight as this the performance of the It of to to reduced each o the If the than the cency of the impaired. The of the the top of the item to the item to the outlet the top of the and the to ducting item (supplied). If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the The ducting connected to heating or heaters and Working the to the the as the section titled ELECTRICAL CONNECTION. the the three and INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
the Chimney The consists of The and the (with the The UPPER CHIMNEY To the section item the slightly to allow to the item as illustrated. the that the outlet item correctly with the outlet the the of the to the the four screws item as illustrated. LOWER CHIMNEY To the section item the slightly to allow to the item and the item as illustrated. the of the to the the screws item as illustrated. the item to the to the screws Item INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
High Street BERKSHIRE SL1 1DZ