Notice UK NL EFC EFCL EFC CH
UK NL Indice Indice
Gas-Thermen
offene 2002/96/EG (WEEE) hin, Informationen
65C. warmer Brand
Monate warmer
hinter EFCL 40W EFC650/EU 40W EFC650/GB 40W EFC950/EU 40W EFC950/GB 40W EFC 40W CH/EFC900 40W CH/EFC 40W
(S) (9S) (10S). (K) (9K)
fabrication, toute tout hors tout service toute Toute tout hors services
recyclage option) Service Fixation...................................................................................................................................................................22
fixation fournis instructions intervention. combustion VMC service. recyclage
toute toute toute intervention hors touchent combustion. recyclage Directive CE (DEEE WEEE). toute recyclage relatives recyclage
option), recyclage. Attention! protections performances recyclage option) recyclage option
marche touche touche touche touche touche
tout Attention: protection recyclage. toutes 65C. influence instructions
recyclage. tous fonction protection hors type. Service
option) Service service service Sous intervention lachat,) service service PNC PNC EFCL 40W EFC650/EU 40W EFC650/GB 40W EFC950/EU 40W EFC950/GB 40W EFC 40W CH/EFC900 40W CH/EFC 40W Sous
tout tout corps instructions brancher fiche installation, protection tous instructions phase) V. NF.C isolation). NE PAS RACCORDER LAPPAREIL LA TERRE. tout
Fixation trous (S) (9S) (10S) (K) (9K)
Indice
fornito. o o foro foro foro foro to
E E E 2002/96/EC, and (WEEE). o o
fornita anche foro
o
Non introdurre Non o E o C o o
o assicurarsi
E o (E- Ci EFCL 40W EFC650/EU 40W EFC650/GB 40W EFC950/EU 40W EFC950/GB 40W EFC 40W CH/EFC900 40W CH/EFC 40W Ci
o o forniti
forniti (S) (9S) (10S) tore (K) (9K) basso
UK the the of the Extraction Correct and Cleaning the grease Charcoal the light What to Technical Specifications Technical service............................................................................................................................ Service and Customer Conditions Unpacking Wall mounting..................................................................................................................................................44 the that through the whole of the cooker and its To the that when electricity, that the correctly and that the instructions to and the instruction and of the
the as the with Attention: The hose and purchased separately. the the following from the top of the cooking If the instructions the this to. The of such The outlet connected to or combustion The outlet connected to which The outlet with the the authorities. the sufficiently with that the as the outlet National and building of using and connected to such as or room-heaters and fires, the only with to the and/or from to the of created of the If the authority or building inspectors office. the with burning outlet of the as the of which to reduce the of the If the its and the without the of the the its the following followed to operation: and straight hose outlet hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the outlet the should than: with with of than reduce the of the and reduce the to these instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the
the The to from the cover lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the top/cooker The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to the and the the recommended to grease to fire The or infirm without children the Young should to that they with the WARNING that the switched off the to the of shock. This to the 2002/96/EC and (WEEE). this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this The the or the accompanying the that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and with information about treatment, recovery and recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
of the The to from the The as and with charcoal You charcoal this function from Service Force Attention! already with charcoal The charcoal to of the protection the and should to the the Extraction this extracted to the hose connected to the coupling to the performance the hose should to the outlet The through charcoal and to the You charcoal the Accessories). the screws
obtained and high when concentrated. Turn the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The switches located the front the light switch switches the and off the switch switches the off push-button push-button push-button Correct If the to correctly there the It to the closed and Light switch switch
and The from the electricity supply Cleaning the Clean the of the cloth and of and or cleaning products or products containing bleach. pointed the protective clean the switch and cloth and It to the and the the to grease to that fire grease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal function. Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, every four the grease the back of the and then and grease about hour with cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing only(never or brushes). Warning to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore recommended to follow these instructions. The to the or fire to or to the
Charcoal The charcoal should only to the the function. To this charcoal from Service Force the charcoal The charcoal washed The charcoal should months from Service Force charcoal the and the right to cover the that the then clockwise the of the charcoal To the Clean the housing only(never or brushes). specify the and when This information shown the plate located the of the The charcoal from Service Force the light the from the supply. the cover. the with of the type. Remount the cover. If the light the correctly Service Force
What to If to properly please the following Symptom The that: The connected to the electricity supply. that selected The that: The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The cooker The tripped. switched off operation... Turn off the and then the to If the below the heights indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Charcoal Technical Specifications Lighting Grease Height absorption EFCL 40W EFC650/EU 40W EFC650/GB 40W EFC950/EU 40W EFC950/GB 40W EFC 40W CH/EFC900 40W CH/EFC 40W 5A to without
Technical service You to technical service of technical whenever information or the of service calling, please ready to specify: The The The This information shown the plate the the grease the right to specifications and as of of Service and the of service, or to purchase Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section What to as the the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to Clear and of the and and of the Telephone This information found the rating which when the grease If Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: (Ire) of Ireland CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning ELECTROLUX or further information ELECTROLUX products, please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Services Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Unpacking that the Transportation should immediately to the the and or should immediately to the of the that children with them. The to mounted the the than or or The these performance should the the heat UK) the connecting the to the supply, that the indicated the rating plate to the supply Appliances with connected to within easy access. Should to the authorised the electricity board. with of least provided. of the authorised
UK WARNING: DOUBLE INSULATED DO NOT EARTH comply with the I.E.E. Regulations and tricity this should Electricity Board, or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC) or to the supply that the to the the rating plate the This with and permanently connected to the ity supply switch each Switched Unit to BS1363 with recommended supply accessory to with the to instructions. This conforms to BS and EEC Directive of and interference. the The following Ireland only: the which coloured connected to the which with the N, the which coloured connected to the which with the L.
Wall mounting the template the and the the and the the and the of the using the screws the of the the or the and or the or the and the permanently with or screws 5X45 the with screws and the to the the the (S) the top of the with screws (9S) then hose enough to reach the (10S). the definitively the (K) the top of the with screws (9K) the chapter). the and the with screws The of the and the housing the of the the both of the
Inhoud NL www.electrolux.nl. informatie Service www.electrolux.nl. hand,
of fornuis 4PA of ontluchting of functioneert buis
hitte- fornuis of 2002/96/EG (AEEA). of recycling informatie recycling of
buis
of of 65C) of of of
actieve service- Defecte service- of
type servicetechnicus of hand. of servicetechnicus informatie
technicus technicus hand inclusief technicus technicus of of technicus of type of technicus art. of technicus of
EFCL 40W EFC650/EU 40W EFC650/GB 40W EFC950/EU 40W EFC950/GB 40W EFC 40W CH/EFC900 40W CH/EFC 40W compleet of fornuis fornuis) (gasfornuis) of contactopening
9S 10S 9K
o o o o as o
o o o o as as o o o o as o as o o o o o o isto o as o o
o as o o o o as Tome o flambear inclusive o Directiva 2002/96/EC (REEE). o o receber as o o o o
o performance, o o o o o
o o Motor: o o as
o o as as o o as o o o 65C. o facto
o o boa o as as o o o ficha o o
TYPE o o o as o ficha o o o o o o as o o Ed.
EFCL 40W EFC650/EU 40W EFC650/GB 40W EFC950/EU 40W EFC950/GB 40W EFC 40W CH/EFC900 40W CH/EFC 40W o sector o as o as o o o ficha as
o 12 buchas as buchas 5 o buchas tecto, o (S) topo (9S) o (10S) o (K) (9K) as
Indice hacer usted
o neas o o o o antedichas.
o o o hacerse CE Directiva 2002/96/EC (RAEE). o incluyen o
tornillos
OFF OFF
hacerse o o 65C). Con o o o
o
o o o o (PNC)
Ancho EFCL 40W EFC650/EU 40W EFC650/GB 40W EFC950/EU 40W EFC950/GB 40W EFC 40W CH/EFC900 40W CH/EFC 40W o o o o sean
tornillos tornillos pared, tornillos tornillos (S) tornillos (9S) (10S) (K) tornillos (9K) tornillos
The Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the world. LI1AQN Ed.