Notice EFC CH UK
the the of the Correct and Cleaning the grease Removing the grease Charcoal the light What to Technical Specifications Technical service............................................................................................................................ GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Wall mounting..................................................................................................................................................39 the cooker that through the whole user of the cooker and its To the that when electricity, that the correctly and that the instructions to and the instruction and of the UK
the as the with the the following from the top of the cooking and The of such The connected to or combustion The outlet connected to which The comply with the regulations the authorities. the its sufficiently provided, with that the as the outlet National and building regulations of and connected to such as or room-heaters and fires, the with connected to the and/or from to the of created of the If the authority or building inspectors office. Since the with burning outlet of the as the of which to reduce the of the If the its function, and the without the of the the its function, the following to operation: and straight outlet hose hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the to these instructions reduce the performance and increase the of the the user The to from the cover lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the top/cooker The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the dirty. It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to the and the the recommended to grease to fire The or infirm without should to that they with the WARNING that the switched off the to the of shock.
of the The as and with function charcoal You ELECTROLUX charcoal this function from ELECTROLUX Service Force Attention! already with the attached to of the protection and should mounted to using the the this extracted to the hose to the coupling to the performance the hose should to the outlet The through charcoal and to the through the top of the the screws Coupling
obtained using and high when concentrated. Turn the then the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The switches located the front EFC EFC EFC EFC CH CH CH Correct If the to correctly there the It to the and EFC EFC ON/OFF Light switch Light switch OFF
and The from the electricity supply Cleaning the Clean the of the cloth and or cleaning products. pointed the protective the using or or the switch and using cloth and It to the and the the to grease to that fire grease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal recycling function. Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, four the grease the back of the and then and grease about hour with cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing only or brushes). Warning to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore strongly recommended to follow these instructions. The responsibility to the or fire to or to the
Charcoal The charcoal should only to the the function. To this ELECTROLUX charcoal from Service Force This cleaned or reused. the activated should once every four months. Mounting the and the right to cover the that the then clockwise the of the To the the and when This information shown the plate located the of the The charcoal from ELECTROLUX Service Force the light Disconnect the from the supply. the cover. the with of the type. Remount the cover. If the light the correctly contacting the technical service. the light only EFC the from the supply. the cover, screw as the with of the type. the cover. If the light the correctly Service Force
What to If to properly please the following Symptom The that: The connected to the electricity supply. that selected The that: The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The The tripped. switched off operation... Turn off the and then the to If the below the indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Charcoal KF825 Not UK, please Service Force Technical Specifications Lighting Grease Height absorption EFC 40W EFC 40W EFC650 40W EFC950 40W EFC EFC CH 40W CH900 40W CH600 40W the right to and chromatic as
Technical service UK) You to telephone technical service of technical whenever information or the of service calling, please ready to specify: The The The This information shown the plate the the grease the right to specifications and as of of Service and UK the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section What to as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and Telephone Clear and of the and of the This information found the rating which when the grease CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products, please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
that the Transportation should immediately reported to the the and eventually should immediately reported to the of the that with The to mounted the the than or or UK) the connecting the to the supply, that the indicated the rating to the supply Appliances with connected to within easy access. Should to the authorised the electricity board. with of least provided. of the only authorised UK the the to the supply switch which the The switch The following the United only: the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red.
Wall mounting the template the and the the and the the and the of the the screws the of the the and the the and the with screws 5X45 the with screws and the to the the (S) the top of the with screws (9S) then enough to reach the (10S). recycling definitively the (K) the top of the with screws (9K) the relative chapter). the and the with screws The of the and the housing the of the the both of the
LI1AQB Ed.