INSTRUCTION BOOK CHIMNEY HOOD CH120
Thank To to effectively and please this instruction the and reference. If the of the or further information Products, please Customer To ownership, please and the with the the Information Appliance Instructions To Extraction and Cleaning Cleaning Grease Charcoal To Remove/Replace Charcoal the Light Something Not Working Service and Conditions to the instruction The following found the text to through the instruction Customer High Street SL1 1DZ instructions instructions the Technical Information the the Wall the the Chimney Service Force
These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer or This with the instructions and If the then the with the of BS.6172, BS.5440 and BS.6891 and BS.5482 (LP the Regulations, the Building Regulations issued the of the the Building (Scotland) (Consolidated) Regulations issued the Scottish The of this incorporates which the below the height recommended the section Clearance or the becomes overheated. If the activated, switch off the and allow the to cool. The when the cooled significantly. It to the or this the the If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION The this connected to existing which other with high- Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the This only. as overheated and might catch fire. cooking this the cooker and Service This the grease and charcoal cleaned and as recommended. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction. to Service Force
The to from the The to or The functions three switches located to the right the of the immediately front of the grease Lighting The switch (L) with the operates the lighting. OFF ON The switch (M) with the and the switch (V) operates the OFF ON Normal YOUR APPLIANCE OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
To Select the and light required. the the the through the grease The cleaned through the charcoal back the through the of the Extraction the the the through the grease and through the the atmosphere. To the performance when cooking to switch the cooking and about finishing. the the charcoal required. cooking this cooker as over-heated and catch fire. the heating covered with and when the and
carrying or cleaning isolate the from the supply. The clean, as of grease or fire Cleaning the with scouring or cleaners. amounts of when cleaning around the Grease The grease grease and cooking to the and should cleaned once every month or often the than hours the grease by: Releasing the catches the the The grease should washed, hand, or dishwasher. Allow to completely replacing. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING
Charcoal the the charcoal and The charcoal cleaned, they should approximately every three months or often the than three hours To Remove/Replace the Charcoal First the grease the charcoal anti-clockwise (B) and To the charcoal the grease the the of the housing and clockwise (A) This fire the grease and charcoal cleaned and as recommended. the Light the grease The light reached from the the light anti-clockwise to To the light the then the clockwise to the If the light to function that the screwed the If occurred then should with 40W clear with E14 screw thread. and light obtained from Service Force
If, these instructions to properly please the following Symptom The The effectively The cooker switched off If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service If or Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to Service Force The the back of the SOMETHING NOT WORKING SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the connected to the electricity supply. the switch the ON The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The tripped. Turn off the and then the to should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. with or further information products please Customer Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
that within months of the of the purchase this built-in or thereof to reason of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property of this and to these hours which EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which This to and rights. ELECTROLUX EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased the The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. please Customer below, to them They then that the Service of and to and United GUARANTEE CONDITIONS
It to the or to this Technical Information DIMENSIONS HEIGHT OF CANOPY: HEIGHT OF CHIMNEY: (UPPER SECTION) (LOWER SECTION) WIDTH OF CANOPY: DEPTH OF CANOPY: GROSS: NET: ELECTRICAL SUPPLY: VOLTAGE: POWER CONSUMPTION: 225W FAN MOTOR: 145W LIGHT BULB: W) 80W SUITABLE FOR INSTALLATION ABOVE: ELECTRIC HOB: 7KW GAS HOB: 10KW SLOT-IN GAS COOKER 13.5KW SLOT-IN ELECTRIC COOKER 12.4KW This earthed comply with the I.E.E. and Electricity this should Electricity Board, or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC). connecting to the supply that the to the the rating the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CE that this with the EEC compatibility) and and 72/23/E. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS This with and permanently connected to the electricity supply switch each Switched Unit to BS1363 with recommended supply accessory to with the to instructions. This conforms to BS and EEC Directive of and interference.
Please that when the easily to the of breakdown. installations comply with the authorities the of Incorrect the of this cooker the to which the cooker to or This to to and the (ducted to the or The and INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD The responsibility to incorrect of the cooker or the with this type of installation. The with the following installation: (C), including and U-shaped section (S). section (I). (T). (A). Fixing comprising: Wall fixing and
Clearance The cooker to cooking the clearance stated, the of the beneath the the Technical Specifications. If the of the below the the please to the instructions. clearance height of when built-in or when built-in clearance height of when or when cooker. the the and the the of the and the If the height of the than of of the This cooking with high the Wall the from the of the cooking to the using and This to the of the through the the the fixing screws of the (screws supplied). that the the of the and the cooking beneath the clearance through the from the or from the height of the the the fixing screws of the (screws supplied). A: clearance B: clearance C: clearance D: clearance
through the the of the top and fixing the the the fixing screws of the (screws supplied). the the fixing screws using and the using the and screws the with the the If the to hollow or or then fixing screws supplied). the the screws (R) the (C) to about the (C), the fixing and the screws (R) the To or the height of the the screws (R). the to the the as the section titled ELECTRICAL CONNECTION. the the three and
The effective when the (ducted to the purchased through or DIY and ducted to of The should the to UK ducting, and supplied) to the Where the should than: with or with of than reduce the efficency of the and reduce The ducting from fire conforming to the British or DIN B1. the ducted to the the charcoal If the recirculation, the charcoal following the instructions contained the section To the Charcoal the the that the plate (T) the section. If the plate as illustrated of the screws the fixing
the Chimney The consists of the section (S) first. the slightly to allow to the and and then the to screws the the section (I) expanding the slightly to allow to the and the section and the of the correctly the around the top of the and the screws as illustrated the The (S) and (I) sections to the the force of the and the of the sections the of the
High Street Slough BERKSHIRE SL1 1DZ Household Appliances