INSTRUCTION BOOK FOR ELECTROLUX COOKER HOOD CH UK
Thank To to effectively and please this instruction the and reference. If the of the or further formation Products, please Customer concerning or further information, Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded To ownership, please and the with the the Information Appliance Instructions To Extraction and Cleaning Cleaning Grease Charcoal To Remove/Replace Charcoal the Light Something Not Service and Conditions to the instruction The following found the text to through the instruction instructions instructions the Technical Information the the Wall the the Chimney
These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer or This with the instructions and to. If the cooker then the with the of BS.6172, BS.5440 and BS.6891 and BS.5482 (LP the Regulations, the Building Regulations issued the of the the Building (Scotland) (Consolidated) Regulations issued the Scottish The of this cooker incorporates which the below the height recommended section Clearance Height, or the overheated. If the activated, switch off the and allow the to cool. The when the cooled cantly. It to the cations or this the the If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the The this to existing which other cooker with high IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Child This to operated Children should to with the or with the This only. frying as over-heated and might catch cooking this cooker the This to from the and Service This the synthetic and charcoal as should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction. to Service Force
YOUR APPLIANCE
The to from the The to or The switched directly the without rstly to Touch lights Function Touch Lights off switches the lighting on/off. seconds the lighting light mode.The reduced of 5W. function the seconds or shortly to to the lighting light the T1 Touch the of the to. off T2 Touch the to the T3 pressing the to the Touch the approximately seconds the function shutdown of the ance of the This function activated OFF- and and It of the (T) with the of T3. The function to the following OFF T4 the to the third Touch T5 the to the to At the of of the the to previously. the to the directly from then from the of seconds the s- indicated ashing of the T1. This when the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Lights light Flashing function grease grease to washed.The hours. Flashing Charcoal alarm.Charcoal to and grease washed.The hours.(Activation; the Touch
To Select the and light required. the the the cooker through the grease The cleaned through the charcoal back the through the of the Extraction the the the through the grease and through the the atmosphere. To the performance when cooking to switch the cooking and about the the charcoal required. cooking this as over-heated and catch the heating covered with and when the and carrying or isolate the from the supply. The clean, as of grease or Cleaning the with using scouring or cleaners. amounts of when cleaning around the Grease The and cleaned when the lights or least months of operation, or heavy the grease by: Releasing the catches the the The grease should washed, hand, or dishwasher. Allow to completely replacing. the Press the least the T1-Touch ashes. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING
carrying or cleaning isolate the cooker from the supply. Charcoal the the charcoal and the the the of or Switch off the lights and the the supply to the the supply switching off the supply the or turning the switch off. the and T2 Release the T2 and light normally. Within seconds the the ashes to as follows: ashes Charcoal ENABLED Charcoal DISABLED This or and when the to ash, or least once every months. The when the To Remove/Replace the Charcoal the grease the activated releasing the the its seating the grease This the grease and charcoal cleaned and as recommended. Stop the Press the least seconds, the T1 ashes. the Light the screws the Lighting and of from the the from the Support. with another of the type, that the properly the the with the screws as MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING
If, these instructions to properly please the following Symptom The The effectively The switched off tion If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service If or Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to Service Force The the back of the SOMETHING NOT WORKING SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the connected to the electricity supply. the switch the ON The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the ducting and outlets The tripped. off the and then the to should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. with or further information products please Customer Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
that within four months of the of the purchase this built-in or thereof to reason of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property of this and to these hours which EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which This to and rights. ELECTROLUX EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS
It to the cations or to this Technical Information DIMENSIONS HEIGHT OF CANOPY: HEIGHT OF CHIMNEY: (UPPER SECTION) (LOWER SECTION) WIDTH OF CANOPY DEPTH OF CANOPY: ELECTRICAL SUPPLY: VOLTAGE: POWER CONSUMPTION: FAN MOTOR: LAMPS W) This earthed comply with the I.E.E. Regulations and Electricity own this should Electricity Board, or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC). to the supply that the to the the rating the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CE that this with the EEC compatibility) and cations and 72/23/E. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS This with and permanently to the electricity supply switch each Switched Unit to BS1363 with supply accessory to with the to instructions. This conforms to BS and EEC Directive of and interference.
Please that when the easily to the of breakdown. comply with the authorities the of Incorrect the of this the to which the to or This to to cooking and the to the or The and The responsibility to incorrect of the or the with this type of installation. Unpacking the the with the arrows upwards as the The of the following Product with and Chimney comprising: section section Ducting Ducting Section Fixing Wall Screws Instruction INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
Clearance Height The to cooking the clearance stated, the of the beneath the the Technical cations. If the of the below the the outputs please to the instructions. clearance height of when built-in or when built-in clearance height of when or when the the and the the of the and the If the height of the than of of the This cooking with high The these heights performance should the the heat This (ducting) or recycling The with the charcoal tted. the (ducting) the charcoal and and INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD A: clearance B: clearance C: clearance D: clearance
the Wall Wall the to the or as high as the of the which the the the as shown about from the or the with the reference the the of the the the as shown below the (X height of the section supplied), the with the the the of the the reference as indicated from the reference and the reference this the other the the supplied) the the the screws supplied). the and the outlet together the screws the screws supplied) the leaving of the and the head of the screw. If the to hollow or or board then screws supplied). INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
the to the the screws located the top of the the the screws item supplied). the screws item screw and the screws item the Extraction The effective when the (ducted to the purchased through or DIY and ducted to of or The from conforming to the British or DIN 4102-B1. the ducted to the the charcoal The the with the charcoal tted. the through the charcoal to and the through the of the To the the outlet item the item the item of the outlet item the vertically and with the outlets the the item to the outlet top of the using of or or strongly recommended and should where as this the performance while lowering INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
Extraction The charcoal this and should Ducting The or If through the immediately the the performance the shortest and the of Where should turned through tight as this the performance of the It recommenmded of to to reduced each o the ducting If the than the cency of the impaired. The of the ducting the top of the item using necessary to the item to the the top of the and the to item (supplied). If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the The ducting connected to heating or heaters and Working the to the the as the section titled ELECTRICAL CONNECTION. the the three and INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
the Chimney The consists of The and the (with the The UPPER CHIMNEY To the section item the slightly to allow to the item as illustrated. the that the ducting outlet item correctly with the the chimney. the of the to the the four screws item as illustrated. LOWER CHIMNEY To the section item the slightly to allow to the item and the item as illustrated. the of the to the the screws item as illustrated. INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city of household service or the where purchased the High Street Slough BERKSHIRE SL1 1DZ