DE CHDE and Instructions
the user the of the Appliance and grease the grease Charcoal the light What to Technical service Technical Specifications Mounting included the the with the to the Fixing to the Printed AEG action
the user The cooker to from the cover lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the cooker top/cooker The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the dirty. It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to the and the the recommended to grease to fire the as the with the the following from the top of the cooking and The of such The connected to or combustion The connected to which installed. The comply with the the authorities. the its sufficiently with that the as the
National and building regulations of using and connected to such as or room-heaters and fires, the with connected to the and/or from to the of created of the If the authority or building inspectors office. Since the with burning outlet of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its function, and the without the of the the its function, the following to operation: and straight outlet hose outlet hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the outlet to these basic instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the
of the Appliance The as and with function charcoal You AEG charcoal this function from AEG Service Force this extracted to the hose connected to the coupling the outlet to the performance the hose should to the outlet the hose directed the or the walls.
The through charcoal and to the You AEG charcoal the function. from AEG Service Force the grease first the upwards, then the outwards. the charcoal the of the the to the and the charcoal the the grease The the fixing with the screw provided.
obtained using and high when concentrated. Turn the then the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The switches located the front the light switch switches the and off the switch switches the cooking and and off, to of the three The with micro-switch which found the of the the right With this micro-switch, the switched and off and closing the the already and the light turned to switch Light switch
and The from the electricity supply the protective the using or or the switch and cloth and It to clean the and the the recommended to grease to that fire grease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal recycling function. Attention: the grease and washed, hand or the dishwasher, four the grease To the grease first the upwards, then the outwards. grease about hour with grease- cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing using or brushes).
Charcoal The charcoal should to the the function. To this AEG charcoal from Service Force The charcoal The charcoal should every months from Service Force the charcoal the charcoal the of the the to the and the charcoal the Removing: Press both upwards the of the housing) and the charcoal downwards. specify the and when This information shown the plate located the of the The charcoal from Service Force
Warning to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore strongly recommended to follow these instructions. The responsibility to the or fire to or to the the light the cooker from the supply. the grease the with of the type. the grease If the light the correctly Service Force
What to If to properly please the following Symptom The that: The connected to the electricity supply. that selected The that: effectively.. The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The cooker The switched off operation... tripped. Turn off the and then the to If the below the indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
Charcoal KLF60/80 Not UK, please Service Force Technical service UK) You to telephone technical service of technical whenever information or the of calling, please ready to specify: The The The This information shown the plate the the grease the right to and as of of Service and UK the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section What to as the the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: Clear and of the and and of the Telephone This information found the rating which when the grease
Technical Specifications DE CHDE absorption: Lighting: of the Mounting included Deflector Washers wood-screws Wall Metal-screw wood-screws wood-screws
(NOT FOR UK) the the to the supply, that the indicated the rating plate to the supply Appliances with connected to within easy access. Should to the authorised the electricity board. with of least provided. The responsibility malfunctions from to comply with the instructions. of with of the thorised (ONLY FOR UK) the The should the the The WITHOUT earth and the rated (CHDE the to the supply switch which the The switch The following the United only: the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured the which connected to the which with the or coloured red.
the with the grease off the G. Mount the directly the of the three screws each from first to front of the the the then the from its to the with screws through the of the the the grease the the with screws and washers, that there the back of the and the the tightly to the the screws
the to the It to the necessary, attaching to the Proceed as follows: four the as indicated. the four these Screw the mountings the top
the to the with the screws the or the arm, the of the the screws the to the of the mounted, first the that the front of the once mounted, with the front of the The located the top of the backwards and its fixing screws to them the that the the right Minor height with the screws the Tighten the fixing screws through the the of the then the to the with screws and washers. Fixing to the fixing the to the please the the plate and the of the the thickness of the and whether or there shelf). the grease off the turning the locking
with the of the internal of the the the internal of the that the previously through the located the and of the to the from the to the higher of the as the reason the to the through the screws supplied. the assembly the first its then its Turn the to the off. the grease
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG LI1SCB Ed.