DI CHDI and Instructions
the the of the Appliance grease and charcoal Grease LED (D) Charcoal LED (E) the and Cleaning the grease Removing the grease Charcoal the light What to Technical service Technical Specifications Mounting included the Printed AEG action
the The to from the cover lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the top/cooker The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to clean the and the the recommended to grease to fire the as the with Should there already of that to the through the or to the reduction this the slightly the the following from the top of the cooking and The of such The connected to or combustion The connected to which The comply with the regulations the authorities. the its sufficiently with that approximately the as the outlet National and building of using and connected to such as or
heaters and fires, the only with connected to the and/or combination) from approximately to the of created operation of the If the authority or building inspectors office. Since the with burning outlet of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its function, and the without the of the the its function, the following followed to operation: and straight outlet hose hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the outlet to these instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the
of the Appliance The as and with function charcoal accessory). You AEG charcoal this function from AEG Service Force The to the through which to to the performance the hose should to the the this of Should there already of that to the through the or roof, to the reduction this the slightly The through activated charcoal and to the through the top of the outlet You AEG charcoal the function. from Service Force the screws
obtained and high when concentrated. Turn the then the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The switches located the front switch, off. and choice of C Indicates (LED). Indicates and of the grease (LED) Indicates and of the charcoal (LED) (flashing LED) Indicates (LED). on/off. The If the when the activated, the to previous If the off when the activated, the turned off To the or B. Light OFF Light ON Should the or the to the supply least seconds, then the back Correct If the to correctly there the It to the and This Great the the as or or heaters, heaters, as the which these other this that The the to back the the C
grease and charcoal This with that when to the grease or the charcoal the of with charcoal On the with charcoal the If the to with charcoal the light as follows: Press and and them seconds. At first the grease LED light when the charcoal LED lights the To Press buttons and and them seconds, the charcoal LED Grease LED (D) LED to when to clean the grease Cleaning hours. comply with the instructions the grease Charcoal LED (E) The charcoal LED to when the charcoal to replaced. This hours. the cleaning or the seconds the grease LED or the charcoal LED flashing.
and The from the electricity Cleaning the Clean the of the cloth and or cleaning products. pointed the protective the using or or clean the switch and cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire grease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal recycling function. Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, every four the grease the grease backwards, then the grease about hour with cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select the and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance.
Charcoal The charcoal should only to the the function. To this AEG charcoal from Service Force Cleaning/replacing the charcoal UK The charcoal cleaned, that they should three months or often the than three hours Cleaning/replacing the UK other the LONGLIFE cleaned and reactivated. At the should cleaned month (when using the hours The to the the dishwasher. and choose the highest C). the that food the and To the the should with of C. approximately three years of the should with as the reduction reduced. the which the from the the charcoal the and back their To the specify the and when This information shown the located the of the The charcoal from AEG Service Force
to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore recommended to follow these instructions. The responsibility to the or fire to or to the the light the from the supply. the cover, screw as the with of the type. the cover. If the light the correctly AEG Service Force Warning
What to If to properly please the following Symptom The that: The connected to the electricity supply. that selected The cooker that: effectively.. The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The cooker The tripped. switched off operation... Turn off the and then the to If the below the heights indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
Charcoal KF20 Not UK, please Service Force Technical service UK) You to telephone technical service of technical whenever information or the of calling, please ready to specify: The The The This information shown the plate the the grease the right to and as of of Service and UK the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section What to as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and Telephone Clear and of the and of the This information found the rating which when the grease
Technical Specifications Height absorption: Lighting: of the Mounting included Reduction Deflector Wood-screws Wall Metal-screw
UK) the connecting the to the supply, that the indicated the rating to the Appliances with to within easy access. Should to the authorised the electricity board. with of least of with of the only authorised UK the The outlet should the the The with earth and the rated V. the to the switch which the The switch The following the United only: the which coloured and connected to the which with the or the earth or coloured or and yellow; the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red.
to the to of ceilings. technician of the with the type of The enough to the of the the supply the switch. of the as the height of the this, and that with completed the least the top and or the sections of the screws the directly the top the of the match the of the top and the to the of the top the of the with the FRONT to the the as shown screw the screws leaving of about the screw head and the the and to the and fixing supplied). the the screws CAUTION! The of the with to the of the with assembled. Tighten the screws and another screws the fixing. Carry the to the supply, the supply of assembly. the the fits properly to the the screws the to the screws this the Tighten the screws the to the
(13A), the other of the to the (13F), to the and to the screws, then the to the located the the with fixing the top and sections of the the of fitted. the top sections of the to cover the that of the the sections the of the and the other the Screw the sections together with screws each the the the top assembly to the the with screws each Carry of and the sections of the covering the screws each the the the section of the its seat that completely covers the and then from the screws Apply the supplied) to cover the fixing of the (CAUTION! THE BOTTOM FLUE TABS ARE THE NARROWER AND SHALLOWER ONES). The and those the top and to Turn the the and operation.
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG LI1R5C