INSTRUCTION BOOK FOR ELECTROLUX COOKER HOOD CHI UK
Thank To to effectively and please this instruction the and reference. If the of the or further information Products, please Customer Services cerning or further information, Customer Services Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded To ownership, please and the with the the Information Appliance Instructions To Extraction and Cleaning Cleaning Grease Charcoal To Remove/Replace Charcoal the Light Something Not Service and Conditions to the instruction The following found the text to through the instruction instructions instructions the Technical Information the Unpacking the Wall the the Chimney
These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer Services or This with the instructions and to. If the cooker then the with the of BS.6172, BS.5440 and BS.6891 and BS.5482 (LP the Regulations, the Building Regulations issued the of the the Building (Scotland) (Consolidated) Regulations issued the Scottish The of this incorporates which the below the height recommended section Clearance or the overheated. If the activated, switch off the and allow the cooker to cool. The when the cooled cantly. It to the cations or this the the If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or balanced type. If other of or that there supply of to the The ducting this connected to existing which other cooker with high IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Child This to operated Children should to with the or with the This only. as over-heated and might catch cooking this the This to from the and Service This the synthetic and charcoal as should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction. to Service Force
YOUR APPLIANCE
The to from the The to or The switched directly the without rstly to ton. KEY LED FUNCTIONS Light lighting and off. T1 First about seconds the switched off. T2 T3 Third T4 Flashing the cooking and The function becomes active when the about seconds. of functioning off automatically. This function of of the buttons. S1 Indicates that the grease and the to washed. The hours. the Flashing that the activated charcoal and the to replaced; the grease washed. The activated charcoal hours. (Activation and the To Select the and light required. the the the through the grease The cleaned through the charcoal back the through the of the Extraction the the the through the grease and through the the atmosphere. To the performance when cooking to switch the cooking and about the ducting the charcoal required. cooking this as over-heated and catch the heating covered with and when the and OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
carrying or clean- isolate the from the supply. The clean, as of grease or Cleaning the with using scouring or cleaners. amounts of when cleaning around the Grease The and cleaned when the S1 lights or least every months of tion, or heavy the grease by: Releasing the catches the the The grease should washed, hand, or dishwasher. Allow to completely replacing. Switch off the lights and Press T3 least seconds, the to ash. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING
carrying or cleaning isolate the from the supply. Charcoal the the charcoal and the the or Turn the Lights and the suction off. the using the switch or the switch the supply. the and T1. Release the turned Within seconds T1 T1 and T4 rmation: LED ashes Activated charcoal ENABLED LED ashes once Activated charcoal DISABLED The and It when S1 ashes or least months. The light when the switched To Remove/Replace the Charcoal the grease the activated releasing the the its seating the grease This the grease and charcoal cleaned and as recommended. Switch off the lights and Press T3 least seconds, the to ash. the Light the cover from the with hand. the from the gently. the with of the type, that the properly the housings the the cover. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING
If, these instructions to properly please the following Symptom The The effectively The switched off tion If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service If or Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to Service Force the of Service and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. SOMETHING NOT WORKING SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the connected to the electricity supply. the switch the ON The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the effective. If that the ducting and outlets The tripped. off the and then the to should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. with or further information products please Customer Services Customer Services Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
that within months of the of the purchase this built-in or thereof to reason of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property of this and to these hours which EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which This to and rights. ELECTROLUX EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS
It to the cations or to this Technical Information DIMENSIONS HEIGHT OF CANOPY: HEIGHT OF CHIMNEY: (UPPER SECTION) (LOWER SECTION) WIDTH OF CANOPY DEPTH OF CANOPY: ELECTRICAL SUPPLY: VOLTAGE: POWER CONSUMPTION: FAN MOTOR: LAMPS W) The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city of household service or the where purchased the DOUBLE INSULATED DO NOT EARTH comply with the I.E.E. Regulations and Electricity regulations. this should Electricity Board, or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC). to the supply that the to the the rating the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CE that this with the EEC compatibility) and cations and 72/23/E. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS This with and permanently to the electricity supply switch each Switched Unit to BS1363 with accessory to with the to instructions. This conforms to BS and EEC Directive of and interference.
Please that when the easily to the of breakdown. installations comply with the authorities the of Incorrect the of this the to which the cooker to or This to to cooking and the (ducted to the or The and The responsibility to incorrect of the or the with this type of Unpacking the the with the arrows upwards as illustrated the The of the following Ref. Product with: Light, Blower, Chimney comprising: Section Section with consisting of: Ducting Junction Ref. Screws Screws Screws M6 template Instruction INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
Clearance The to cook- the clearance heights stated, the of the beneath the the Technical cations. If the of the below the the please to the instructions. clearance height of when built-in or when built-in clearance height of when or when cooker. the the and the the of the and the If the height of the than of of the This with high The these performance should the the heat This (ducting) or recycling The with the charcoal tted. the (ducting) the and and INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD A: clearance B: clearance C: clearance D: clearance
the Ceiling/Support Shelf to the of the the shelf. the template the shelf, that the template the the of the template with those of the the of the the template. the the to the screw hollow with thickness of (immediately the ceilings, to the screws used. shelf, the feed, the outlet (Ducted to the of the screws of the following type, crossing them and from the the the screw provided). with with ckness of Screws ceilings, screws provided). shelf, screws with washers and provided) Fixing the the screws the and this from the the screws the and this from the If to the height of the as follows: the screws the located the of the the to the height required, then the screws as the from and free the the the the screws to the Tighten the screws and the other screws with the INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
the screws completely to the turning that the screws of their the The mountings to with- the of the and caused the thrust to the On that the the subjected to where the enough the the strengthening and anchored to the structurally sound Extraction The effective when the (ducted to the purchased through or DIY and ducted to of or the performance the shortest and the of Where should turned through tight as this the ance of the It recommended of with to to reduced each 90o If than the of the impaired. The from fire conforming to the British or DIN 4102-B1. the ducted to the the charcoal INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
Ducting the chosen to: the ducting top of the housing, or the ducting item and the item item to the when tted. If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the The connected to heating or heaters The the with the charcoal tted. the through the charcoal to and the through the outlets of the the item to the using the screws the item to the of the item the outlet to the the of the or choice). INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
Chimney The consists of The and the (with the The the the section and the to the the screws provided. the section and the to the the screws the the to the the grease from the activated charcoal From below, the screws (M6 that the of the feeding correctly the the of the the the lights the the and using the screws provided. the to the the screws provided. the the activated the grease INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
concerning or further information products, please Customer Services Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Please to the from the
BEDFORDSHIRE LU4 9QQ