EFC EFC
to the of to the of to the of to the of to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
of the Appliance and Something The following this information concerning and information to the information and information.
as the with hose preferably the as the outlet Should there of or that to the through the walls, to the reduction this the slightly Attention: Attention: Attention: Attention: Attention: The hose and purchased The the cookware top of the cooking and the lowest of the least or, where fitted, the the the the the the the the the the (EFC (EFC (EFC (EFC (EFC than the cooker the the the the cooker the the the the the (EFC (EFC (EFC (EFC (EFC or than If the instructions the this to. cleaning or operation, the from the the or the switch. The children or with impaired physical, or or or know-how, they or trained the of the their Children should to that they with the the without effectively mounted The NEVER as specifically indicated. The sufficiently ventilated, when the together with other combustion or other The suctioned conveyed the of the that or other The of foods beneath the prohibited.
The of to the and fire and therefore with to that the overheat and burst the technical and to to closely follow the relations the authorities. The cleaned both the and (AT LEAST ONCE MONTH, to with the instructions this to follow the instructions as and cleaning to the of fires. or the without the correctly mounted of the of shocks. responsibility or fires caused to the as the of the of the instructions included this This to the 2002/96/EC and (WEEE). this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this The the or the accompanying the that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and with regulations information about treatment, recovery and recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
of the Appliance The cooker ready as and the charcoal which the cooker Extraction Extraction Extraction Extraction Extraction this extracted to the hose hose hose hose hose connected to the coupling coupling coupling coupling coupling to the the hose should to the outlet Should there already of or that to the through the walls, to the reduction provided. this the slightly The through charcoal and to the You charcoal the Accessories). the screws of the reduction coupling
obtained using and high when concentrated. Turn the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The commanded from the or the (the accessory and The consists of and located the right-hand of the light: light: light: light: light: Press the to the the following lighting Soft lighting lighting: lighting: Press and the to switch the lighting and off. TTTTTo suction o suction o suction o suction o suction Turn the clockwise to increase the suction anticlockwise to the the switched off. The with LED (L1) which the suction selected Light of Light of Light of Light of Light off:f:f:f:f: Suction switched off. light: light: light: light: light: operating light: light: light: light: light: operating light: light: light: light: light: operating Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing light: light: light: light: light: operating of which the selects L2 L1
The with which when the cleaned or replaced. Usually the which when the deactivated deactivated deactivated deactivated. To as follows: Switch off the Press the and clockwise L2 L2 The L2 L2 L2 LED to and approximately seconds L2 L2 the L2 L2 L2 LED to to that the which when to activated activated activated activated activated. L2 LED L2 LED ease ease L2 LED L2 LED L2 LED grease ease ease The LED lights when the grease to cleaned; this approximately every hours of operation. Every the used, L2 L2 whether the L2 L2 L2 LED L2 LED L2 LED L2 LED L2 LED L2 LED The LED lights when the to cleaned/ replaced; this every hours of operation. Every the used, L2 L2 whether the L2 L2 L2 LED the the the the the cleaning or the switch the suction then and the than seconds, hear indicating that the successfully. L2 L2 The L2 L2 L2 LED and the both switch off. L2 L2 when the L2 L2 L2 LED indicating that the grease and the the repeated.
and and operation, isolate the operation, isolate the operation, isolate the operation, isolate the operation, the from the the the the the supply switching of supply switching of supply switching of supply switching of supply switching off the and the and the and the and the and the the the the the the connected thr the connected thr the connected thr the thr the connected through and then the ough and then the ough and then the ough and then the ough and then the from the the the the the grease ease ease ease ease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal function. Attention: Attention: Attention: Attention: Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, The front should washed hand To the grease first the front which the grease Removing the the Removing the Removing the the front the upwards and the the
Removing the Removing the ease ease the the Removing the grease ease ease the then the grease about hour with grease- cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher Dishwasher Dishwasher Dishwasher Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing using only(never or brushes). and Unhook
and Char Char Char Char Charcoal The charcoal should to the To this charcoal from Service Force Cleaning/r Cleaning/replacing the the the the charcoal Cleaning/r the other charcoal the LONGLIFE charcoal cleaned and reactivated. With the should cleaned every month (when the hours The to the the dishwasher. and choose the highest C). the that food the and To the charcoal, the should with of C. three years of the charcoal should with as the reduction reduced. the charcoal the of the grease with wires. The wires included the and the TTTTTo o o o o the specify the and when This information shown the rating located the of the The charcoal from Service Force EFC EFC EFC EFC EFC should this EFC EFC EFC EFC EFC should this
to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore recommended to follow these instructions. The responsibility to the or fire to or to the the light the light the light the light the light the cooker Disconnect the the the Disconnect the from the supply the supply the supply the supply the supply..... to touching the light to touching the light to touching the light to touching the light to touching the light they they they they they cooled cooled cooled cooled cooled the the with of the type. If the light the correctly contacting Service Force and
and Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the of the cloth and of and or cleaning products or products containing bleach. pointed the protective the switch and cloth and Clean the with cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire
Char Char Charcoal Char Char Remote Remote RM Remote Inox Inox Inox Inox Inox only) 8004-A Something Not If to properly please the following Symptom Symptom Symptom Symptom Symptom The The The switched off operation... If these the Service the and Please that to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. that: that: that: that: that: The connected to the electricity supply. that selected. that: that: that: that: that: The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and The tripped. Turn off the and then the to If the below the indicated the instructions the which the
TTTTTechnical Height Width: Depth: Motor: Lighting: of the of the of the of the of the 5A 5A 5A 5A 5ATTTTT 5A 5A 5A 5A 5ATTTTT Mounting included Mounting included Mounting included Mounting included Mounting included fixing and screws screws screws screws spacers screwdriver TORX screws) reduction EFC EFC EFC EFC EFC EFC EFC EFC EFC EFC
the the the the the The supply to the rating indicated the plate the If with the to with and If with or the located apply switch with which the of the relating to over-current III, with installation instructions. IMPOR IMPOR IMPORTTTTTANT! ANT! ANT! IMPOR IMPOR ANT! ANT! the to the supply and the function, that the correctly assembled. IMPOR IMPOR IMPORTTTTTANT! ANT! ANT! IMPOR IMPOR ANT! ANT! the authorised service or
that the that the that the disconnected that the disconnected from the supply the supply the supply the supply that the cooker the supply carrying the installation. carrying the installation. carrying the installation. carrying the installation. carrying the installation. The with and below. the and the to the and the overheating. to allow and the front the three the back of the Where mount the the fixing. The spacers useful when the which to house the perfectly where partially covered with fixing spacers fixing
the with this mounting the template that the the template matches with the the of the template to the of the once mounted and the with and screws the front the front and the grease the its and from the of the fixing the and the and securely with screws the screws with the screw the disconnected from the the that to the cooker the then of the the Extraction). Attention! The should when to mounted (this item should the to other Remount the grease and the front Extraction
LI3SDC Ed.