EFA
to the of to the of to the of to the of to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
of the Appliance and Something The following this user information concerning and information to the information and information.
the the the the the The to from the cover lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the cooker top/cooker The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the It to that overheating fire. cooking cooking cooking cooking cooking the the the the the the the the the the from the the the the the supply supply carrying carrying supply supply carrying carrying carrying the including the including the including the including the including the light the light the light the light the light the of the or switch off the It to the It to the It to the It to the It to the and and and and and the the the the the the the the the the to to to to to ease ease grease ease ease to to to to to fir fir fir fir fire The or infirm without children using the Young should to that they with the WARNING ARNING ARNING ARNING that the ARNING switched off the to the of shock. This to the 2002/96/EC and (WEEE). this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this The the or the accompanying the that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and with regulations information about treatment, recovery and recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
the the the the the as the with hose preferably the as the outlet Attention: Attention: Attention: The hose Attention: Attention: and purchased separately. the the the the the the following the following the following the following the following the top of the the top of the from the top of the the top of the the top of the cooking cooking cooking cooking cooking If the instructions the this to. The burning of such The outlet connected to or combustion The connected to which The comply with the the authorities. the sufficiently with that the as the National and building regulations of and burning connected to such as or heaters and fires, the only with connected to the and/or from to the of created operation of the If the authority or building inspectors office. the with burning outlet of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its and the without the of the the its the following to operation: and straight hose outlet hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the outlet the should than: with with of than reduce the efficiency of the and reduce the to these instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the
of the Appliance The to The to The to The to The to from the the the the the it The as and with charcoal EF EF EF EF EFA The ready as and the charcoal Extraction Extraction Extraction Extraction Extraction this extracted to the hose hose hose hose hose connected to the coupling coupling coupling coupling coupling to the the hose should to the outlet The through charcoal and to the You charcoal the Accessories). of the Coupling Coupling Coupling Coupling Coupling
obtained and high when concentrated. Turn the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The commanded from the or the (the accessory and Correct If the to correctly there the It to the closed and The switches located the front
EF EF EF EF EFA Light switch, ON/OFF: Light switch, ON/OFF: Light switch, ON/OFF: Light switch, ON/OFF: Light switch, to switch lighting and than seconds to switch lighting switch, ON/OFF switch, ON/OFF switch, ON/OFF switch, ON/OFF switch, ON/OFF Press than seconds and the cooker the by" illuminated). Press than seconds and the OFF, ALL the the light (the off). Press than seconds to the to by". the text the following and choice of and choice of and choice of and choice of and choice of ON/OFF: ON/OFF: ON/OFF: ON/OFF: ON/OFF: The If the when the activated, the to If the off when the activated, the off The appears the and the (the flashing), acoustic heard. Self-T Self-T Self-T Self-T ON/OFF: ON/OFF: ON/OFF: ON/OFF: ON/OFF: the (the flashing), and then the switches off: The self-timer as follows: The shows the the of the acoustic heard. the push-button the function. Should the or the to the supply least seconds. reconnecting the supply seconds and then that the operating correctly.
ease and ease and Grease and ease and ease and charcoal This with that when it to the grease or the charcoal the the with charcoal On the with charcoal the If the to with charcoal the light as follows: OFF OFF "OFF OFF OFF" the Press buttons and and them seconds. At first the grease LED FFFFF light when the charcoal LED CCCCC lights the To Press and and them seconds, the charcoal LED Grease LED (F) LED FFFFF to when to the grease Cleaning hours. with the instructions the grease Charcoal LED (C) The charcoal LED CCCCC to when the charcoal to replaced. This necessary approximately hours. the cleaning or the seconds the grease LED FFFFF or the charcoal LED CCCCC flashing.
and operation, isolate the operation, isolate the operation, isolate the operation, isolate the from the the the the operation, isolate the the switching of supply switching of supply switching off the and the and the and the and the the the the supply switching of supply switching of the and the the connected thr the connected thr the connected through and then the ough and then the ough and then the ough and then the the thr the connected thr ough and then the from the the the the the suction suction suction suction suction the suction to the grease The suction attached to the of and coupling coupling coupling coupling coupling them outwards and them from the Clean the suction as often as the grease information about cleaning the the that follow). the suction ALWAYS the the attached to the cooker properly
and ease ease grease ease ease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal function. Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, four Removing the Removing the Removing the the the grease ease ease ease ease the and the grease about hour with cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher Dishwasher Dishwasher Dishwasher Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing using only(never or brushes).
Char Char Char Char Charcoal The charcoal should to the To this charcoal from Service Force Cleaning/r Cleaning/r Cleaning/r Cleaning/replacing the the the the charcoal the other charcoal the LONGLIFE charcoal cleaned and reactivated. With the should cleaned month (when using the hours The to the the dishwasher. and choose the highest C). the that food the and To the charcoal, the should with of C. approximately three years of the charcoal should with as the reduction capacity reduced. and the the to cover the protection of the the with TTTTTo o o o o the specify the and when This information shown the rating located the of the The charcoal from Service Force
and to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore recommended to follow these instructions. The to the or fire to or to the the light the light the light the light the light the Disconnect the cooker the cooker the the from the supply the supply the supply the supply the supply..... to touching the light to touching the light to touching the light to touching the light to touching the light they they they they they cooled cooled cooled cooled cooled the with of the type. If the light the correctly Service Force 20W 20W 20W 20W 20W GU4
Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the of the cloth and of and or cleaning products or products containing bleach. the protective clean the switch and using cloth and Clean the with cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire and
Char Char Charcoal Char Char Remote Remote Remote RM Remote Something Not Working If to properly please the following Symptom Symptom Symptom Symptom Symptom The cooker The The cooker switched off operation... If these the Service the and Please that to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. that: that: that: that: that: The to the electricity supply. that selected. that: that: that: that: that: The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The tripped. Turn off the and then the to If the below the heights indicated the instructions the which the
TTTTTechnical (Extraction Height Width: Depth: Motor: Lighting: of the of the of the of the of the 5A 5A 5A 5A 5A Mounting included Mounting included Mounting included Mounting included Mounting included wrench torx screws screws screws screws (with EF EF EF EF EFA (EF (EF (EF (EF (EFA
UK) the the the the the the to the supply, that the indicated the rating plate to the supply Appliances with connected to within easy access. Should to the authorised the electricity board. with of least of the authorised UK the the the the the the to the supply switch which the The switch The following the United only: the which coloured and connected to the which with the or the earth or coloured or and yellow; the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red.
that the that the disconnected that the disconnected that the cooker from the supply the the supply the supply that the disconnected the carrying the installation. carrying the carrying the installation. carrying the carrying the installation. The with fixing which with Nevertheless, should to the of the with the type of wall/ceiling. The sufficiently as to the weight of the the suction and the grease the The perforated the to The the perforated as follows: the perforated AAAAA the perforated BBBBB the CCCCC of which: the C1 C1 C1 C1 of which C1 the C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 of the perforated A: of the perforated A: of the perforated A: of the perforated A: of the perforated A: which the perforated fixed/hooked to the C1 C1 C1 C1 C1 Fixing BBBBB Fixing the C1 C1 C1 C1 C1
of the of the C1 and C2 C1 and C2 of the of the of the C1 and C2 C1 and C2 C1 and C2 C1 C1 C1 C1 C1 and C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 (lower) of the B: of the B: of the B: of the B: of the B: which they to the Fixing the C2 C2 C2 C2 C2 which the to the
the the the the the assembling the perforated the the the to of EEEEE this as reference when the of the LLLLL should the from the as indicated the the the BBBBB to the perforated using screws each, that the perforated to the EEEEE.
perforated (please to EEEEE previously): than than C1 C1 than than than this only (C1 C1 C1); this already and and C1 C1 and and and both C1 C1 C1 C1 C2 C1 C2 than C1 C2 C1 C2 C1 C2) screws to each C1 C1 One of the C1 C1 C1 already when the supplied. C2 C1 C1
the the only: only: the the the only: only: only: the three of the screws that once assembled, the the as the the the screws. to the The shorter than the (please to EEEEE previously). the to the to the to the to the to the cooker the cooker the the cooker the the to the using screws
the to the to the to the to the to the the the the the the template the directly the (the and of the template should with the and of the The the text FRONT to the which house the once the as indicated the template screw anchors) and partially screws the screw anchors the corners approximately the head of the screw and the the Ducted only: Ducted only: Ducted only: Ducted only: Ducted only: enough to reach the outlet located the The should to the as to the should shorter than the (please to EEEEE previously). the to the the screws and then screw them firmly. screws. the to the the Carry the
the the the the the the with the couplings both the internal sections of the (P+Q) and the back section of the (R). the sections (P+Q) directly the of the to the assembly the the sections that the facing upwards. If to the as ducted aesthetic the sections turned to the when the sections
the section screws the and them the using screws the back section of the (R) resting top of the the slightly to allow easy the the front section of the (S) and slightly to allow easy the section. the section screws
Cover the fixing with casings: The however the to and snapped the from the screws. the grease and the suction the to the electricity about seconds, the to the that the functioning of the and finally, that functioning EF EF EF EF EFA Attention! Attention! Attention! Attention! Attention! actif actif activer activer activer activer activer