INSTRUCTION BOOK FOR ELECTROLUX COOKER HOOD EFC and EFC UK
Thank To to effectively and please this instruction the and reference. If the of the or further information Products, please Customer To ownership, please and the with the the Information Appliance Instructions To Extraction and Cleaning Cleaning Grease Charcoal To Remove/Replace the Charcoal the Light Something Not Working Service and Conditions to the instruction The following found the to through the instruction Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ instructions instructions the Technical Information the Clearance the Wall the the Chimney Service Force
These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer or This with the instructions and to. If the then the with the of BS.6172, BS.5440 and BS.6891 and BS.5482 (LP the Regulations, the Building Regulations issued the of the the Building (Scotland) (Consolidated) Regulations issued the Scottish The of this incorporates which the cooker below the height recommended the section Clearance Height, or the becomes overheated. If the activated, switch off the and allow the to cool. The when the cooled significantly. It to the or this the the If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or balanced type. If other of or that there supply of to the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION The this connected to existing which other with high- Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the This only. as overheated and might catch fire. cooking this the cooker and Service This the grease and charcoal cleaned and as recommended. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction. to Service Force
This to from the The cooker functions three switches located to the right the of the immediately front of the grease Lighting The switch (L) with the operates the OFF ON The switch (M) with the and the switch (V) operates the OFF ON Normal YOUR APPLIANCE OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
To Select the and light The to or The cooker effective when the The specified the with the charcoal fitted. the the through the charcoal to and the through the of the Extraction the the the through the grease and through the ducting the atmosphere. To the performance when cooking to switch the cooking and about finishing. the the charcoal required. cooking this as overheated and catch fire. the heating covered with and when the and
carrying or cleaning isolate the from the supply. The clean, as of grease or fire Cleaning the with scouring or cleaners. amounts of when cleaning around the Grease The grease grease and cooking to the cooker and should cleaned once every month or often the than hours Remove/Replace the grease Press the catch to release the catch as illustrated the front of the as illustrated and the back of the To the back of the the and the front the catch The grease should washed, hand, or dishwasher. Allow to completely replacing. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING
Charcoal the the charcoal and The charcoal cleaned, they should approximately three months or often the than three hours To Remove/Replace the Charcoal First the grease as the charcoal anticlockwise (B) and To the charcoal the the of the housing and clockwise (A) as illustrated This fire the grease and charcoal cleaned and as recommended. the Light the grease The light reached from the the light anticlockwise to To the light the then the clockwise to the If the light to function that the screwed the If occurred then should with 40W clear with E14 screw thread. and light obtained from Service Force
If, these instructions to properly please the following Symptom The cooker The effectively The switched off operation If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service If or Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to Service Force The the back of the SOMETHING NOT WORKING SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the connected to the electricity supply. the switch the ON The high the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The tripped. Turn off the and then the to customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. with or further information products please Customer Customer High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded
that within months of the of the purchase this built-in or thereof to reason only of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property of this and to these hours which EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which This to and rights. ELECTROLUX EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased the The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. please Customer below, to them home. They then that the Service of and to and United Slough GUARANTEE CONDITIONS
Technical information DIMENSIONS HEIGHT OF CANOPY: HEIGHT OF CHIMNEY:(UPPER SECTION) (LOWER SECTION) WIDTH OF CANOPY: EFC EFC DEPTH OF CANOPY: ELECTRICAL SUPPLY VOLTAGE: 220-240V POWER CONSUMPTION: 225W FAN MOTOR: 145W LAMPS: 80W SUITABLE FOR INSTALLATION ABOVE: ELECTRIC HOB: 7KW (MAX) GAS HOB: 10KW (MAX) SLOT-IN ELECTRIC COOKER: 12.4KW (MAX) SLOT-IN GAS COOKER: 13.5KW (MAX) THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED comply with the I.E.E. Regulations and regulations. this should Electricity Board, or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC). connecting to the supply that the to the the rating the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CE that this with the EEC compatibility) and and 72/23/E. This with and permanently connected to the electricity supply switch each Switched Unit to BS.1363 with recommended supply accessory to with the to instructions. This conforms to BS.800:1988 and EEC Directive of and interference.
Please that when the easily to the of breakdown. installations comply with the authorities the of Incorrect the of this that the to which the to and This to to cooking and the (ducted to the or The and INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD (Optional Splashback B) The responsibility to incorrect of the or the with regulations this type of installation. Unpacking The cooker with the following Ducting to (A) (C) Ducting (D) (I) (R) (S) Fixing comprising: Wall fixing and C
Clearance The to cooking the clearance stated, the output of the beneath the the Technical Specifications. If the of the below the the please to the cooker instructions. clearance height of when built-in or when built-in clearance height of when or when cooker. the the and the the of the and the of of the This cooking with high the Wall the from the of the cooking to the using and This to the of the Fixing the through the and as illustrated. the top of the the the of the with the The should through the of the If, the the the fixing screws supplied) as illustrated that the the lowest of the and the cooking beneath the clearance the with the top from the
Fixing the first through the from the as illustrated, or from the top of the top of the the the of the with the If, the the the fixing screws supplied) as illustrated Fixing the through the X. the height of the the of the the the of the with the If, the the the fixing screws supplied) as Splashback (Optional) the splashback to fitted, the the and the cooking the height of the splashback B, as illustrated the splashback the the first, as illustrated then holding the splashback the the of the the fixing screws. The splashback the cooker If the splashback to with or free then to the splashback to the using both the top and fixing screw the the fixing screws using and the If the to hollow or or board then fixing screws supplied).
the the screws the top of the to about as the the and the screws the the screws to the and as the screw V1 the to the to as and the to the the as the section titled ELECTRICAL CONNECTION. the the three and The effective when the (ducted to the purchased through or DIY and ducted to of The ducting from fire conforming to the British or DIN 4102-B1. the ducted to the the charcoal The specified the with the charcoal fitted. the through the charcoal to and the through the outlets of the (I). To the (R), the the top of the and the as
Extraction The charcoal this and should Ducting The or If through the immediately the the performance the shortest and the of Where ducting it should turned through tight as this the performance of the It recommenmded of to to reduced each o the If the than the efficency of the impaired. The of the top of the ducting from to together with to If the where the cooker to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the The connected to heating or heaters
the Chimney The consists of The and the (with the the the top of the as illustrated the section (S) first. the slightly to allow to the and then the to the four screws as the section (I) expanding the slightly to allow to the and the section and as illustrated the of the to the the screws as
High Street Slough BERKSHIRE SL1 1DZ Household Appliances