UK EFC EFC
instructions of the Mounting of grease Function Recycling Active Installation............................................................................................................................ Mounting of both Mounting of the the grease and to know Grease Correct Grease Cleaning the lighting If the function Service and
Congratulations to Thank choice of that and from cooker the that through the whole of the cooker and its To the that when electricity, that the correctly and that the tions to and the instruction and of the instructions At and service The households with If other there of which covered the warranty. to The of the should with enough knowledge. otherwise to of ance and and /or The connected to of other that other than electricity. Please, to the of official the of the the of other that other than electricity, supply of the than or or The should that there of At of cooker food cooked the The of unprotected the and fires. the or cooker/hob. The the spontaneously through overheating. the or cleaning to these the of fire through If fire Switch of the and the heating the fire At to when the should the and the with the authorities information of to
of the light Grease included: Screws mounting Template mounting (mounted Mounting of grease Attention! The grease mounted and to of the the of the the of the grease housing, then the of the to them. Dismount the the the backwards to the Function The as follows: Recycling The which connected to connecting with top of the The connected to of other that other than electricity. Please, to the of official the of Recycling The through and the through the top of the This when there or when to EFC EFC
Active the active should used. the PNC that the Transportation should immediately reported to the the and eventually should immediately reported to the of the that with The to mounted the the than or or The with moulded with earth to connected to outlet of V. The outlet should pre-mounted such that the invisible when the mounted. The then to the cleaning and service, easy switch should fitted. The switch should to with of than
Mounting of the the the right height. The of the to the of the cooker On the to the of the with to the this as indicated the and and screws the the using the screws the of the Release the grease From the of the the the to the which to definitively the the ( and the the From of the the fixing screws.
Dismount the from the the screws of the them). Dismount the from the the screws that the to the the screws). the the to the The reference this match the previously the with the to and the ( and the with screws The from the the mounting the choice of to the or the outlet top of the housing and to the or outlet If already fitted, the clockwise and with screw) the the the and with screws the outlet sufficiently to reach the the both the to the If that correctly and the the top its with screws the section of the and its housing the of the Mounting of the grease the with its screws the grease
the The the performance, the and the high of and the and the This should when the of cooking or when cooking The about and then to the cally or or switch off selected. To off the the of the or the grease and This which when to the grease or the the of the This without this reason the warning to the connected. C OFF ON and selection LED LED and grease LED (flashes) C LED and LED (flashes) LED ON switch OFF ON If the to correctly, from the supply the Then and try once the Technical Assistance Service. to If the the as or fireplace that or heaters, heaters, the when the the the or combustion. Not the MIN C If the of with the warning to connected as follows: Press the buttons and the about seconds. The LED lights the LED C lights the warning connected. To the warning the buttons and the about seconds the LED C Grease The LED when the grease to cleaned. This LED flashes to that the grease cleaned. Generally, these cleaned hours of the instructions the grease
The LED C to replaced. This approximately hours of the instructions the To the LED the cleaning of the grease and of the about seconds the LED operation, the from the electricity. Grease This to the grease The should washed when the grease LED flashes, normally once month. with or, the dishwasher (60C). This cooking It should when the LED flashes. the technical ance service or The washed. To the first the grease and then the screws that the grease and the Cleaning To the of the cloth with or products containing Correct To the cooker correctly the the should closed. should to the cleaning the ance and and cleaning the fires. Therefore, these instructions. the lighting With the of screwdriver the screw that the cover the cover. the with of Mount the cover and with the screw.
If the function to service that the connected to the outlet and that operations that or to the If the or service to the purchase and the Warranty countries) Service and Service and or service Technical EFC EFC Capacity Height Light PL PL Grease rating when the with service or should ready to the and This information the rating the grease and the rating Product of purchase:
LI1O3A Ed.