USER MANUAL EFA9620
EN RECOMMENDATIONS AND SUGGE- STIONS CHARACTERISTICS USE MAINTENANCE IT
EN to the of choosing from which with of the The to offer of that comfort- You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
and RECOMMENDATIONS AND SUGGESTIONS Installation The from incorrect or installation. The the top and the tor that the to that indicated the rating plate to the of the Class that the supply earthing. the to the through of The of the as as the to carrying combustion (boilers, If the with burning of aeration the to the back of The directly with the to the of EN The exclusively to the other than which high the when operation. the intensity to the of the only, that the continuously overheated burst the of The should or instructed its Switch off or the from the supply carrying Clean and/or the the Clean the using cloth and The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city of household service or the where purchased the
CHARACTERISTICS Characteristics EN
Characteristics Ref. Product with: Con- Light, Blower, comprising: Section Section with consisting of: Junction EN Ref. Wall Screws Screws Screws M6 Screws M6 Screws template washers M6 Instruction
INSTALLATION the Ceiling/shelf to the of the the shelf. the template the shelf, that the template the the of the template with those of the the of the the the the to the screw with thickness of mm(immediately the supplied). to the screws used. shelf, the supply feed, the (Ducted to the of the tion. screws of the following type, crossing them and from the ceilings, the the screw with with thickness of Screws supplied. screws shelf, screws with washers and EN
Fixing the the screws the and this from the the screws the and this from the If to the height of the as follows: the screws the located the of the the to the height then the screws as the from and free the the the the screws to the Tighten the screws and the other screws with the the screws completely to the that the screws of their the The mountings to withstand the weight of the and caused the thrust to the On that the the subjected to where the enough the the strengthening using plates and anchored to the structurally sound EN
Ducting the the to the or or the choice of which to the To nection, the reducer the the the provided. charcoal Recycling the to the the screws provided. the to the of the the outlet to the the of the or choice). that the charcoal tted. Chimney assembly Mounting the the section and the to the the screws Similarly, the section and the to the the screws the to the the grease from the charcoal From below, the screws (M6 to the to the EN
the to the through switch of least the grease that the of the feeding correctly the the of the the the lights the the and using the screws provided. the to the using the screws the the activated the grease EN USE The switched directly the without rstly to ton
Touch lights Function switches the lighting Lights off and off. seconds the lighting light The reduced of 5W. function the seconds or shortly to to the lighting light the T1 the stopped, Touch of the to. T2 the to the Touch T3 the to the Touch the approximately seconds the function shutdown of the of the This function activated and and It of the with the of T3. The function to the following OFF T4 the to the third Touch T5 the to the to At the of of the the to previously. the to the directly from then from the of seconds the indicated of the T1 This when the Touch Lights Touch light Touch off Flashing function Touch grease grease to washed. The hours. Flashing Charcoal Charcoal to and grease washed. The hours. (Activation; the Charcoal Touch EN
MAINTENANCE Cleaning the Comfort the Comfort to the from the the The washed dishwasher. Clean the cloth and Clean the as cloth and cloths or or of the completed, the back to the and turn- the the tion. EN Cleaning of the the Press the least seconds the T1 ashes. Cleaning the the They to washed every months or of of the the Comfort to the them lateraly and of of the to when them. tting them the that they completely (The of the throughout the this to the the the that they and that the outwards. the
the Charcoal This washed or rated, and when the to ash, or least once every months. The only when the the the the of or Switch off the lights and the the to the the supply switching off the supply the or turning the switch off. the and holding T2 Release the T2 and light mally. Within seconds the the ashes to as follows: ashes Charcoal ENABLED Charcoal DISABLED the Stop the Press the least seconds, the T1 ashes. the the Comfort to the grease the charcoal turning the provided. the and its the grease their the Light light. the cover from the with hand. the from the gently. the with of the type, that the properly the housings the the cover. EN
www.electrolux.com