EFC UK
GB the the of the Appliance Correct and Cleaning the grease the grease Charcoal the light Something Not Working Service and Conditions Technical Unpacking Mounting included Wall mounting or using this please this instruction to the the following If this please Customer Please this instruction reference and to of the
the as the with Attention: The hose and purchased separately. the the following from the top of the cooking hob/ring and The of such The connected to or combustion The outlet connected to which The outlet comply with the regulations the authorities. the its sufficiently with that the as the National and building regulations of using and to such as or room-heaters and fires, the with connected to the and/or from using to the of created of the If the authority or building inspectors office. the with burning outlet of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its function, and the without the of the measures. the its function, the following to operation: and straight hose outlet hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the outlet to these instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the the user The cooker to from the cover lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the top/cooker The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the dirty. It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to the and the the recommended to grease to fire The or infirm without Young should to that they with the WARNING that the switched off the to the of shock.
of the Appliance The to from the The as (with charcoal already and fitted) and with function function the charcoal this extracted to the hose connected to the coupling Attention: The hose and purchased to the performance the hose should to the outlet The through charcoal and to the through the front You charcoal this function from Service Force the screws Optionally, the of the the the the the top, with the the Coupling Deflector To the Hose
obtained using and high when concentrated. Turn the then the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The switches located the front the light switch switches the ON and OFF; ON/OFF switch Push-button to the off and to the to Push-button to the to Push-button to the to Correct If the to correctly there the It to the closed and ON/OFF switch Push-button Light switch Push-button Push-button
and The from the electricity supply Cleaning the Clean the of the using cloth and or cleaning products. pointed the protective the or or the and cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire grease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or recycling function. Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, four the grease the then the grease about hour with then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing or brushes). Warning to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore strongly recommended to follow these instructions. The responsibility to the or fire to or to the Removing the grease
Charcoal The charcoal already and mounted The charcoal should to the the function. Cleaning/replacing the other the LONGLIFE cleaned and reactivated. At the should cleaned every month (when the hours The to the the dishwasher. and choose the highest C). the that food the and To the the should with C. three years of the should with as the reduction capacity reduced. the which the turning the the charcoal the and back their To the the and when This information shown the located the of the The charcoal from ELECTROLUX Service Force the light the from the supply. the cover, screw as the with of the type. the cover. If the light the correctly Service Force the Charcoal the light
Something Not Working If to properly please the following Symptom The that: The connected to the electricity supply. that selected The that: The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the ducting and outlets The cooker The tripped. switched off operation. Turn off the and then the to If the below the indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Charcoal KF20
Service and the of service, or to purchase Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section Something Not Working as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and Telephone Clear and of the and of the This information found the rating which when the grease CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Technical Height Lighting: 20W Length of the to without Unpacking that the Transportation should immediately reported to the the and eventually should immediately reported to the of the that children with them. The to mounted the the than or or The these heights performance should the the heat UK the the to the supply switch which the The switch The following the United only: the which coloured and yellow connected to the which with the or the earth or coloured or and yellow; the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured the which connected to the which with the or coloured red.
Mounting included fixing only) screws screws (to suction to of the and to the (to TORX screws) Wall mounting First the to used, or If to the the section of the that the once If, however, to the recycling ENSURE that the with A-B-C that the connected to the installation, the grease and the charcoal Attention! If necessary, the suction and thread the of the the the the to the suction screws the with this mounting the template that the the template matches with the the of the template to the of the once mounted and the with and screws the its and from the of the fixing the and the to the and the with screws the securely with screw To the mounting the the to mount the the with screws and to to the of the the to then the mounted and to outlet of the to the the from the the to the the section the housing top of the the charcoal the grease and the the the household supply and that the correctly.
Wall mounting
The Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the LI13YA Ed.