INSTRUCTION BOOK FOR ELECTROLUX COOKER HOOD EFI and EFI UK
To to effectively and please this instruction using the and reference. If the of the or further information Products, please Customer concerning or further information, http:\\www.electrolux.co.uk To ownership, please and the with the the Information Appliance Instructions To Extraction and Cleaning Cleaning Synthetic Grease To the Synthetic Grease Charcoal To the Charcoal Something Service and Conditions to the instruction The following found the text to through the instruction Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ instructions instructions the Instructions Technical Information the Ducting Clearance Height Unpacking The fixing the Wall To the Ducting the to the Decor Decor to the To the With Decor Attached Service Force
These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer or This with the instructions and to. If the then the with the of BS.6172, BS.5440 and BS.6891 and BS.5482 (LP the Regulations, the Building Regulations issued the of the the Building (Scotland) (Consolidated) Regulations issued the Scottish The of this incorporates which the below the height recommended section Clearance or the becomes overheated. If the activated, switch off the and allow the cooker to cool. The when the cooled significantly. It to the specifications or this the the If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the The this connected to existing which other with high IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the This only. as over-heated and catch fire. cooking this the and Service This the and charcoal as recommended. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction. to Service Force
This to from the To the performance to switch the cooking and approximately finishing. S. Microswitch The microswitch the and switches off the when the closed. the the the function of M. Normal L. Light ON/OFF On YOUR APPLIANCE OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
To the and the The to or The effective when the The specified the with the charcoal fitted. The cleaned through the and then back the Extraction The the through the grease and through the the atmosphere. the selected the charcoal required. cooking this when and as heated and catch fire. the the when using the the the switched heating covered with and when the and Extraction
carrying or cleaning isolate the from the supply. The clean, as of grease or fire Cleaning the cooker with wear protective when cleaning the scouring or cleaners. amounts of when cleaning around the Synthetic Grease The synthetic grease cleaned. It should every three months or often the than three hours It washed. To the synthetic grease the Press the catches and the to the the front of the through from the ease the Clean the and the grease Charcoal The charcoal the from They become and effective. The charcoal cleaned, should every three months or the than three hours To Remove/Replace the Charcoal the the (C) anti-clockwise and the charcoal (B) from the (A) as illustrated MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING
Clean the and the charcoal the charcoal (B) the (A), and while holding the securely the (C) and clockwise. This fire the grease and charcoal as recommended. the If to function that the securely screwed the To the clockwise, to tighten them and the the to the of the cooker The specified clear with (E14) screw thread. charcoal grease and obtained from Service Force
If, followed these instructions cooker to properly please the following Symptom The The effectively The switched off If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service If or to purchase Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to Service Force further please the the back of this SOMETHING NOT WORKING SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the connected to the electricity supply. that the to or The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and The tripped. Turn off the and then the to should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. with or information products please Customer Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
STANDARD GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this built-in or there of to reason of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property of this and to these hours which charged. EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which This to and rights. ELECTROLUX EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS
It to the or to this Technical Information DIMENSIONS HEIGHT: WIDTH: DEPTH: DEPTH WITH VISOR OPEN: WEIGHT GROSS: EFI EFI NET: EFI EFI ELECTRICAL SUPPLY: POWER CONSUMPTION: EFI EFI FAN MOTOR: EFI EFI LAMP: SUITABLE FOR INSTALLATION ABOVE: ELECTRIC HOB: KW GAS HOB: KW SLOT-IN GAS COOKER KW SLOT-IN ELECTRIC COOKER KW CHARCOAL FILTER/S: WARNING: DOUBLE INSULATED DO NOT EARTH with the I.E.E. and Electricity regulations. this should Electricity Board, or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC). to the supply that the to the the rating plate the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CE that this with the EEC compatibility) and and 72/23/E. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS This with and permanently connected to the electricity supply switch each Switched Unit to BS1363 with recommended supply accessory to with the to instructions. This conforms to BS and EEC Directive of and interference.
Please that when the easily to the of breakdown. installations comply with the authorities the of Incorrect the of this the to which the to or If to the to hollow or board then should sufficiently reinforced to the of the cooker mounting and the this type of fixing supplied). Ducting The fire (EFI and (EFI and the should than: with with of than reduce the efficiency of the and reduce the Clearance Height The to cooking the clearance stated, the of the beneath the the Technical Specifications. If the of the below the the outputs please to the instructions. INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
Clearance Height clearance height of when built-in or when built-in clearance height of when cooker, or when cooker. the the and the the of the and the If the height of the than of of the This cooking with high Unpacking The to this found with the instruction the The fixing Wall fixing Decor fixing screws Security fixing screws the Wall the template to the the the fixing screws supplied). the with as stated the template. At this to allow clear the to to the and or servicing. A: clearance B: clearance C: clearance D: clearance
The effective when the (ducted to the purchased through or DIY and ducted to of (EFI or (EFI The from fire the externally the charcoal To the Ducting the the each of the while the The the intermediate the of the through the becomes from the the the with the the top of the and the the EFI the to the and tight EFI the to to the then the ducting to the and tight the charcoal The cooker the with the charcoal fitted. the through the charcoal to and the through the outlet the top of the
the to the Wall the with the round facing the and screws provided. Once the secured, the to the slightly higher than the and the located the that the cooker correctly located the screws the the with the front of the The should each to the the security screws the the of the to the to the Decor The of the should height. Decor to the the assembly first the while the release catch located the the of the the template the screw the of the that the template with the top of the to the top of the with the template the from when to the of the screw (as the The template to the round headed screws to the to the
To the with Decor Attached the the the front of the the of the and the the the of the the heard. The and closed its function. If heavy or the closed to to the closing of the screw through the (the friction assembly) of the casing indicated the V and clockwise to apply the Both friction should the amount to the smoothly. should when the with the cleaning or servicing, as the heavy and should the beneath and
High Street Slough BERKSHIRE SL1 1DZ Household Appliances