INSTRUCTION BOOK FOR ELECTROLUX COOKER HOOD EFG and EFG UK
To to effectively and please this instruction the and reference. If the of the or further information Products, please Customer concerning or further information, http:\\www.electrolux.co.uk To ownership, please and the with the the Information Appliance Instructions To Extraction and Cleaning Cleaning Charcoal To the Charcoal Synthetic Grease To the Grease the Light Something Not Working Service and Conditions to the instruction The following found the text to through the instruction Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ instructions instructions the Instructions Technical Information the Ducting Clearance Height Fixing the the Housing/Canopy Positioning the the Charcoal Extraction Ducting Service Force
These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer or This with the instructions and to. If the then the with the of BS.6172, BS.5440 and BS.6891 and BS.5482 (LP the Regulations, the Building issued the of the the Building (Scotland) (Consolidated) Regulations issued the Scottish The of this cooker incorporates which the below the height recommended section Clearance Height, or the becomes overheated. If the activated, switch off the and allow the to cool. The when the cooled significantly. It to the or this the the If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or balanced type. If other of or that there supply of to the The this connected to existing which other IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION with high Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the This only. as over-heated and might catch fire. cooking this the and Service This the synthetic and charcoal as recommended. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction. to Service Force
The to from the To the performance to switch the cooking and approximately finishing. The functions switches, located centrally the front of the EFG L. Light ON/OFF On V. Normal Position EFG L. Light ON/OFF On YOUR APPLIANCE OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS EFG EFG
M. ON/OFF On V. Normal Position To Select the The to or The cooker effective when the Extraction the the the through the grease and through the ducting to the atmosphere. the through the charcoal to and the through the charcoal the selected the charcoal cooking this as over-heated and catch fire. the heating covered with and when the and cooker
carrying or cleaning isolate the from the supply. The cooker clean, as of grease or fire The of the should cleaned regularly. the cooker with thoroughly cleaning. wear protective when cleaning the scouring or cleaners. amounts of when cleaning around the Charcoal The charcoal the from They become and effective. The charcoal cleaned, they every months or often the than hours To Remove/Replace the Charcoal the the with and the (located each of the The charcoal and right handed and should of the the the housing then the other the the the Synthetic Grease EFG The synthetic grease cleaned. It washed. To the Synthetic Grease the the to the and Clean the and MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING
the grease The with and from This fire the grease and charcoal as recommended. Grease EFG The grease washed dishwasher, or hand washed and or To Remove/Replace the Press the to release the catch. the front of the as and the back of the To the back of the the and the front the catch This fire the grease cleaned reguarly and the charcoal as recommended. the Light If to function first that screwed the To the clockwise, to them and the the to the of the The specified clear with (E14) screw thread. and obtained from Service Force
If, these instructions to properly please the following Symptom The The cooker effectively The switched off operation If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service If or Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to Service Force The the back of the SOMETHING NOT WORKING SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the connected to the electricity supply. the switch the ON The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The tripped. Turn off the and then the to should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. with or further information products please Customer Customer High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded
that within months of the of the purchase this built-in or thereof to reason of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property of this and to these hours which EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which This to and rights. ELECTROLUX EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough GUARANTEE CONDITIONS
It to the or to this Technical Information DIMENSIONS HEIGHT: WIDTH: DEPTH: DUCTING OUTLET: WEIGHT GROSS: EFG EFG NET: EFG EFG ELECTRICAL SUPPLY: 220-240V POWER CONSUMPTION: EFG 210W EFG 225W FAN MOTOR: EFG 130W EFG 145W LAMP: 80W SUITABLE FOR INSTALLATION ABOVE: ELECTRIC HOB: 7KW GAS HOB: 10KW SLOT-IN GAS COOKER 13.5KW SLOT-IN ELECTRIC COOKER 12.4KW WARNING: DOUBLE INSULATED-DO NOT EARTH with the I.E.E. Regulations and this should Electricity Board, or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC). to the supply that the to the the rating plate the cooker INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CE that this with the EEC compatibility) and and 72/23/E. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS This with and permanently to the electricity supply switch each Switched Unit to BS.1363 with recommended supply accessory to with the to instructions. This conforms to BS.800: and EEC Directive of and interference.
Please that when the easily to the of breakdown. installations comply with the authorities the of Incorrect the of this the beneath type of or that the housing to the with the instructions. If to the housing the to hollow or board then should sufficiently reinforced to the of the housing Ducting The fire and the should than: with with of than reduce the efficiency of the and reduce the Clearance The to cooking the clearance stated, the of the beneath the the Technical Specifications. If the of the below the the please to the instructions. Clearance Height clearance height of when built-in or when built-in clearance height of when or when INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
the the and the the of the and the If the height of the than of of the This cooking with high The to this cooker found with the instruction the ducting the the Housing/Canopy The to the housing the screw located around the of the casing. Access to the screw the of the Positioning the the of the or to the the The should the of the with the the The the located the around the of the casing when the the the with and the (A) which located each of the with the other hand. the the and the the fixing screws. the fixing and the The effective when the (ducted to the purchased through or DIY and ducted to of The from fire the ducted externally the charcoal A: clearance B: clearance C: clearance D: clearance
If the recirculating, the charcoal following the instructions below. the Charcoal the the with hand and the (located each of the The charcoal and should of the the the housing, then the other and the the the Extraction The charcoal this and should To this the the Charcoal Ducting The ducting fire If through the the rear of the or the the shortest and the of Where should turned through tight as this the performance of the It recommended of to to reduced each the If the than the efficiency of the impaired. of attaching to ducting using the the If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the The ducting connected to heating or heaters
High Street BERKSHIRE SL1 1DZ Household Appliances