Notice EFP EFP
Informationen
Person. offene
(MINDE- STENS EINMAL IM MONAT, 2002/96/EG (WEEE) hin, Recyclinghof Informationen
or or or or 65C. warmer
Monate LONG LIFE (65C). C
Brand
LONG LONG LONG LONG LONG LIFE LIFE LIFE LIFE LIFE
(PL) (PL) TORX EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP
Sofern hat, III
or or or or )
,
Ist
Inhoud
fornuis of fornuis. of of of of of NOOIT of brand-
(MINSTENS EEN- MAAL PER MAAND, of 2002/96/EG (AEEA). of recycling informatie recycling of
buis
of hand 65C) tot of
(65C). activeren, 100C
tot of of Defecte of
of LONG LIFE
(PL) (PL) type torx EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP
of III, of functioneert, of
of of of of of of buis )
,
Nous Nous tous Nous
option) Informations informations Informations Informations protection
fixation fixation fixation fixation fixation four four four four fournis basse instructions toute JAMAIS chose combustion tion combustion incendies, tout
(AU MOINS UNE FOIS PAR MOIS, instructions relatives observation tout toute instructions recyclage Directive 2002/96/CE (DEEE WEEE). toute recyclage relatives recyclage
tion) performances recyclage recyclage option recyclage
toutes
toute intervention toute toute intervention toute toute intervention recyclage. toutes rotation 65C. cations influence
tous fonction type, LONG LIFE tous tout four. four 100C, bout commander
instructions hors hors hors hors hors toucher toucher toucher toucher toucher type Service
Attention: protection toutes
option) LONG LIFE LONG LIFE LONG LIFE LONG LIFE LONG LIFE SYMPTOMES SYMPTOMES SYMPTOMES SYMPTOMES SYMPTOMES SOLUTIONS SOLUTIONS SOLUTIONS SOLUTIONS SOLUTIONS recyclage)
(PL) (PL) tournevis type TORX). EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP
III, Attention! Attention! Attention! Attention! Attention! rebrancher correct,
Attention! Attention! Attention! Attention! Attention! recyclage recyclage). recyclage
(fixation recyclage Fixation Fixation Fixation Fixation Fixation (recyclage actif) actif) actif) actif) actif) trous fixation trous fixation (fournitures
Attention: fixation fixation. bordure bordure II bordure
(V (V (V (V recyclage) reyclage actif option) trous (transformation recyclage), fixation (fixation fixation (fournitures Attention: Attention: Attention: Attention: Attention:
corps
to the of to the of to the of to the of to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that it ease of
of the Appliance and Something Not The following this information concerning and information to the information and information.
or This with the instructions and to. as the with hose preferably the as the outlet Attention: The hose Attention: The hose Attention: The hose Attention: The hose Attention: The hose and and and and and purchased chased chased chased chased The the the cooking the and the lowest of the than from and from or cook- If the instructions the this to. cleaning or operation, from the the or the supply. wear and tions. The or with impaired physical, or or or knowl- they or trained the of the their This to operated children should to that they with the This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the the without tively mounted The NEVER as specifically indicated. The where the sufficiently lated, when the together with other combustion or other The this connected to existing which other such as from burning or other The of foods beneath the prohibited. The of to the and fire and therefore with to that the overheat and become when with cooking
With to the technical and to adopted to closely follow the the authorised authorities. The cleaned both the and (AT LEAST ONCE MONTH). This completed ance with the tions this to follow the instructions this user the cleaning of the and to the of fires. or the without the correctly mounted to the of shocks. responsibility or fires caused to the as of the of the instructions included this This to the 2002/96/EC and (WEEE). this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this The the or the accompanying the that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and ance with tions information about treatment, recovery and recycling of this please authority.
of the Appliance The to The to The to The to The to from the the the the the The (activated charcoal supplied) it used, the activated charcoal the Extraction Extraction Extraction Extraction Extraction this extracted to the hose hose hose hose hose connected to the coupling coupling coupling coupling coupling to the ance the hose should to the outlet The through charcoal and to the You charcoal the Accessories). of the Extraction Extraction Extraction Extraction Extraction
obtained and high when concentrated. Turn the The should cooking about or the disappeared. Lights Lights Lights Lights Lights
and operation, isolate the operation, the operation, isolate the operation, isolate the from the the the the operation, isolate the the supply switching of supply switching of supply switching off the and the and the and the and the the the the supply switching of supply switching of the and the the connected thr the connected thr the connected through and then the ough and then the ough and then the ough and then the the connected thr the thr ough and then the from the the the the the grease ease ease ease ease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal function. Attention: Attention: Attention: Attention: Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, every four the Removing the Removing the Removing the Removing the grease ease ease ease ease the and the grease about hour with cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher Dishwasher Dishwasher Dishwasher Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they and the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. or cleaning products or products containing bleach.
and Char Char Char Char Charcoal The charcoal should to the To this charcoal from Service Force the the the the charcoal the The charcoal washed The charcoal should every months from Service Force other charcoal the LONGLIFE charcoal cleaned and reactivated. With the should cleaned month (when using the hours The to the the dishwasher. and choose the highest C). the that food the and To the charcoal, the should with of C. approximately three years of the charcoal should with as the reduction reduced. the holding the charcoal the of the with the facing upwards and then the the holding the of the housing of the with the screws supplied. the charcoal Charcoal the grease Push-in the TTTTTo o o o o the specify the and when This information shown the rating plate located the of the The charcoal from Service Force
to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore strongly recommended to follow these instructions. The to the or fire to or to the the light the light the light the light the light Disconnect the the the the the from the the supply the supply the supply the supply..... to touching the light to touching the light to touching the light to touching the light to touching the light they cooled they cooled they cooled they cooled they cooled the cover. the the with of the type. the cover. If the light the correctly Service Force and
and Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the of the cloth and of and or cleaning products or products containing bleach. pointed the protective the switch and cloth and Clean the with cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire
Char Char Charcoal Char Char Char Char Charcoal LONG LIFE Char Char Something Not If to properly please the following Symptom Symptom Symptom Symptom Symptom The The The switched off operation... The tripped. Turn off the and then the to If the below the indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service the and Please that it to of purchase service customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or that: that: that: that: that: The to the electricity supply. that selected. that: that: that: that: that: The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the ducting and
TTTTTechnical Width: Depth: Motor: Lighting: (PL) (PL) of the of the of the of the of the 5At 5At 5At 5At 5At 5At 5At 5At 5At 5At Mounting included Mounting included Mounting included Mounting included Mounting included torx screws spacers screws to or screws fixing to charcoal screws EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP
the the the the the The supply to the rating indicated the the If with the to with and If with or the located apply switch with which the of the relating to over-current III, with instructions. the to the supply and the function, that the correctly assembled.
the to the the the to the the the to the the the to the the the to the the the the the the the The as the the of the This to allow of the outlet and the and to servicing. The (without of The height least the the the the the of the the the should the of the the or of ( as as the of the
as the with the as the the to the If to incorporated front of the of the front of the and the (this The of the should hose or of housing). the the the the the the the the the the with with with with with charcoal the template to the of the the right and and and mounting as as the mounting the of the and the grease when the the grease First the rear and then the front grease
walls, the the Mount the with or screws. the the housing and both mounting (installation the right and the of the and the further mounting. Then the with the or screws supplied. the grease Push-in the If the than cover the the and the with finishing accessory). To as follows: the and apply the the necessary to the covering the notches and tearing off the the protective Then the to the of the with three Apply
the the the the the charcoal If the as the the charcoal from Service Force the grease fitted. the holding the charcoal the of the with the facing upwards and then the the holding the of the housing of the with the screws supplied. the charcoal Charcoal the grease Push-in the the the the the the the the from the the the If, technical reasons version/recirculation the to from the as follows: the and the grease the or mounting screws of the To both mounting screw-driver the and the the housing). the firmly! the firmly! the firmly! the firmly! the firmly!
the the the the the On with of to the as follows: both grease the screws both and the the screws. the grease
LI2XZC Ed.