EFP UK
instructions of the Function Active Mounting (with the Work light Correct Grease the lighting If the function................................................................................................ Technical
to Thank choice of that and from cooker the that through the whole of the and its To the that when electricity, that the cooker correctly and that the instructions to and the instruction and of the instructions At and service The cooker households with If other there of which covered the warranty. to The of the should with enough knowledge. otherwise to of ance and and /or The connected to of other that other than electricity. Please, to the of official the of the the of other that other than electricity, supply of the than or or The should that there of At of food cooked the The of the and fires. the or frying cooker/hob. The the spontaneously through overheating. the or cleaning to these the of fire through If fire Switch of the cooker and the heating the fire At to when the should the and the with the authorities information of to
of the switch Light switch Suction with grease light included: Template mounting Screws: Duct with Function The as follows: recycling The of to connected to the coupling with Attention! the the slightly (about and directed upwards to the easily from the to the The connected to of other that other than electricity. Please, to the of official the of Recycling The through and the The of 120 which through the and whose outlet the This when there or when to ON OFF
Active the active should used. the PNC Unpacking that the Transportation should immediately reported to the the and eventually should immediately reported to the of the that children with The to mounted the than or or The with moulded with earth to connected to outlet of V. The Mounting the of the as shown the the thickness of the front of the From the the four screws C with the and screw them of the screws, the that tightly to the the top of the the of the the C CC C FF
the to the hose (with the the match with and clockwise as indicated the arrow secured. the suction the The with switch. the performance, the high of and switched ON and OFF or closing the the cooking and the The with switch that activates the pre-selected when the Work light The (E Switch and off with the switch. the when switched with of the switch. Correct To the correctly the the should closed. should ON OFF
to know If the the as or that or heaters, heaters, the when the the the or fireplace combustion. Not the operation, the from the electricity. Grease This to the grease The should every month with or, the dishwasher C). To the the to the too as as the grease This cooking It should every months The washed. to the anti-clockwise becomes from its seat. to the cleaning the ance and and cleaning the fires. Therefore, these instructions. Cleaning To the of the cloth with or products containing the lighting the from the electricity. the the with of
If the function to service that the connected to the outlet and that operations that or to the If the or service to the purchase and the Warranty countries) Service and Service and or service service or should ready to the and This information the rating the grease and the rating Product of purchase:
Technical EFP Capacity Height Light Grease Class rating when the with
AHS Ed.