USER MANUAL EFT60001 EFT60002 EFT60003
EN GENERAL INFORMATION SAFETY WARNINGS CHARACTERISTICS INSTALLATION USE MAINTENANCE
EN WelcometotheworldofElectrolux Thank choosing first from which hopeful- with of pleasure the The to offer of ucts that comfort- You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
GENERAL INFORMATION SAFETY WARNINGS GENERALINFORMATION This to to or hotplate and the (ducted to the or the (internal recycling). when winter to the the recycling to heat from the the installation, should to the tiestobefoundduringinstallation.The and conformitytotherulesconcerningthe evacuationofcontaminatedair. The foranydamageorinjurycausedasare- sultofnotfollowingtheinstructionsfor installation contained the following 1-SAFETYWARNINGS Whenusedintheextractionmode, thecookerhoodductingmustnot connected to which used from with otherthanelectric,suchasacen- heating or heating connecting to the supply that the with the age the rating the the to the switch which has clearance the featuring earthcable,makesuretheelectric GeneralInformation-SafetyWarnings of house correctly earthed. Appliance II with insulation; there- foredonotconnectthenthrough earthed through Wheninstalled,thehoodmustbe least the cooking thiscookerhood. overheated and catch fire. carrying of or cleaning, the from the ply. 1.10-Iftheroomwherethecookerhood istobeusedcontainsafuelburn- such as heatingboilerthenthismustbeof the sealed or balanced type. If other of or ance fitted, that there supply of theroom.Whenthecookerhood with ances with other than the sureintheroommustnotexceed to back the by the cookerhood. 1.11-The that the 1.12-If the supply cord or assembly from the or its service EN
Characteristics CHARACTERISTICS EN
INSTALLATION 2-INSTALLATIONINSTRUCTIONS the and of the Instructions and the To the the catches each of the and the To the the right hand that the hin- the back of the released from the the of the Wall fixing the the using the four screws with the fixing It to the b-No b.1-If the with fixing template, follow the tions. b.2-If the with fixing template, the the and the screws with the fixing from the the 2.3-Wallmounting a-Drill the the and screws leaving untightened. the the and the screws. b-If the with fixing the and screws, proceeding as directed c-For mounting using wallbrackets (optional), follow the instructions of the fixing template. to the of Choice of operating To that the the and that the or the the the DUCTING The charcoal required. to the the with and top of the top outlet and the rear If choose to the from the of the casing, should invert the of the and of the to the b-Internalrecirculationmode To that the recycling, the and that the or the the the RECYCLING The charcoal to fitted. To the charcoal the with and the screw through the of the charcoal If the of the interlocking type, the clockwise. The connected to the 2.5-Electricalconnectionand 1-The and of to strictly 2-Once the completed, that the and properly. EN
USE OPERATION located the right of the front to and the To increase the of the should pulled The top should when or cooking foods with while To the performance from cooking and cooking to clear the to EN and
MAINTENANCE 4.2-CleaningMetalself- Grease The and 4-MAINTENANCEANDCLEANING and cleaning performance and lity, while the of the should to the grease and to the charcoal (recycling Grease This the grease and types. the of the of the grease to the type. a-Whatever type of used, the easily from the the to and b-Thin synthetic thick). It should and should every months. If the with when: b.1-The of the which through the the whole of the b.2-The of the which through the when the clean, becomes from the of the It should washed once month using or It washed dish-washer. It should and should to WARNING of grease the would the of the fire strongly therefore to and with the instructions. cleaned least months of operation, or heavy the them the back of the and the the to them. Allow them to the that the the Charcoal The charcoal to only when the the recycling To the the and the screw through the of the charcoal If the of the locking type, turn the anticlockwise. the operation. performance the charcoal three months. If to function the and that the screwed the the to of the Cleaning The should cleaned regularly, least once month, household and rations from to and to the EN
www.electrolux.com