EFP EFP
to the of to the of to the of to the of to the of Thank choosing first from which with of pleasure the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that ease of
of the Appliance and Something Not The following this information concerning and information to the information and information.
or This with the instructions and to. as the with hose preferably the as the outlet Attention: The hose Attention: The hose Attention: The hose Attention: The hose Attention: The hose and and chased chased chased and and and purchased chased The the the cooking the and the lowest of the than from and from or If the instructions the this to. cleaning or operation, from the the or the supply. and tions. The or with impaired physical, or or or knowl- they or trained the of the their This to operated children should to that they with the This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the the without tively mounted The NEVER as specifically indicated. The where the sufficiently lated, when the together with other combustion or other The ducting this connected to existing which other such as from burning or other The of foods beneath the prohibited. The of to the and fire and therefore with to that the overheat and become when with cooking With to the technical and
to to closely follow the regulations the authorised authorities. The cleaned both the and (AT LEAST ONCE MONTH). This completed ance with the tions this to follow the instructions this the cleaning of the and to the of fires. or the without the correctly mounted to the of shocks. responsibility or fires caused to the as of the of the instructions included this This to the 2002/96/EC and (WEEE). this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this The the or the accompanying the that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and ance with tions information about treatment, recovery and recycling of this please authority.
of the ance The to The to The cooker to The to The to from the the the the the it The as and with You charcoal the Accessories). Extraction Extraction Extraction Extraction Extraction this to the hose hose hose hose hose connected to the coupling coupling coupling coupling coupling to the ance the hose should to the outlet The through charcoal and to the You charcoal the Accessories). of the Extraction Extraction Extraction Extraction Extraction
obtained and high when concentrated. Turn the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The the lights: the light switch the light switch the light switch the light switch switches the the light switch and off the switch the switch the switch the switch switches the the switch and off, to of the three The pull-out The The The The pull-out cooker (suction) to (suction) to (suction) to operation (suction) to operation (suction) to the the the the pull-out the the reaches its Light switch Light switch Light switch Light switch Light switch switch switch switch switch switch
and operation, isolate the operation, isolate the operation, isolate the operation, isolate the from the the the the operation, isolate the the switching of switching of supply switching off the and the and the and the and the the emoving the the supply switching of supply switching of the and the the connected thr the connected thr the through and then the ough and then the ough and then the ough and then the the connected thr the connected thr ough and then the from the the the the the grease ease ease ease ease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal function. Attention: Attention: Attention: Attention: Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, every four the Removing the Removing the the the grease ease ease ease ease the and the grease about hour with cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher Dishwasher Dishwasher Dishwasher Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. or cleaning products or products containing bleach. and
and Char Char Char Char Charcoal The charcoal should to the To this charcoal from Service Force the the the the the charcoal The charcoal washed The charcoal should months from Service Force the the pull-out the pull-out the the the the grease and grease the charcoal that covers the protecting the and the clockwise charcoal with with cooker with with with and and and and and charcoal with with with with with the grease TTTTTo o o o o the specify the and when This information shown the rating plate located the of the The charcoal from Service Force
to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore strongly recommended to follow these instructions. The to the or fire to or to the the light the light the light the light the light the the the the Disconnect the from the supply the supply the supply the supply the supply..... to touching the light to touching the light to touching the light to touching the light to touching the light they cooled they cooled they cooled they cooled they cooled Press and release the light cover to the light 20W light (G4-12V), and them with the light cover of of the light cover, should first completely closing. If the light the correctly Service Force and
and Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the of the cloth and of and or cleaning products or products containing bleach. the protective clean the switch and cloth and the with cloth and It to the and the the to grease to that fire
Char Char Charcoal Char Char Something Not Working If to properly please the following Symptom Symptom Symptom Symptom Symptom The The The switched off operation... The tripped. Turn off the and then the to If the below the indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service the and Please that to of purchase service customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP charcoal that: that: that: that: that: The connected to the electricity supply. that selected. that: that: that: Check that: that: The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets
TTTTTechnical (with Width: Depth: Motor: Lighting: (12V-G4) (12V-G4) of the of the of the of the of the 5At 5At 5At 5At 5At 5At 5At 5At 5At 5At Mounting included Mounting included Mounting included Mounting included Mounting included coupling screwdriver (to tighten torx screws) Aesthetic cover screws screws screws screws EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP EFP
the the the the the The supply to the rating indicated the the If with the to with regulations and If with or the located apply switch with which the of the relating to over-current III, with installation instructions. the to the supply and the function, that the correctly assembled.
the to the the the to the the the to the the the to the the the to the the the the the the the the the to the the cooker the the supply and the the type of the top of the The the KIT chapter). Authorised Assistance to the
Fixing the to the Fixing the to the Fixing the to the Fixing the to the Fixing the to the Apply the template to the right- hand of the The the front of the template should with the the front of the (without account). the fixing RRRRR to the screws. To the the screws through the the this the of the (Bracket LLLLL).
the with than the cooker The of to Measure the the and the chapter "Technical and to the to the back of the
the the the the its the to the the reached. the supply through the the the using screws to the together. If the perfectly with the of the the its of the internal fixing screws chapter "Fixing the to Fixing the to Fixing the to Fixing the to Fixing the to the the the cooker the the the the to the which should and (Ducted or to the top of the the to the outlet of the correctly, the the should with the notch the Complete the the other of the only: the charcoal chapter and and and Char Char Char Charcoal and and Char the grease chapter and and and and and grease ease ease ease ease the to the electricity supply.
the The of the Once the useful to with to the of the the the chapter the the the the the the grease chapter and and and and and grease ease ease ease ease BUT DO NOT COMPLETEL BUT DO NOT COMPLETEL BUT DO NOT COMPLETEL BUT DO NOT COMPLETELYYYYY BUT DO NOT COMPLETEL REMOVE REMOVE REMOVE the internal screws fixing REMOVE REMOVE the right and the of the and re-tighten the screws.
the Apply the the and screws, from the
LIB0006370 Ed.