Notice and Instructions EFT EFT EFT EFT NL UK
GB the the user of the Appliance Correct and Cleaning the grease grease Charcoal the light Something Not Working Service and Conditions Technical Specifications Mounting included Wall mounting Wall mounting or this please this instruction to the the following If this please Customer Please this instruction reference and to of the
the as the with Attention: The hose and purchased separately. the the following from the top of the cooking and The of such The connected to or combustion The outlet to which The comply with the regulations the authorities. the its sufficiently provided, with that the as the National and building of and connected to such as or room-heaters and fires, the with connected to the and/or from approximately to the of created of the If the authority or building inspectors office. Since the with burning outlet of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its function, and the without the of the the its function, the following to operation: and straight outlet hose hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the to these instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the the user The to from the it cover lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the frying the top/cooker The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the dirty. It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to the and the the recommended to grease to fire The or infirm without Young should to that they with the WARNING that the switched off the to the of shock.
of the Appliance The as and with function charcoal You charcoal this function from Service Force ONLY EFT W/GB EFT B/GB EFT X/GB The ready as and the charcoal which the this extracted to the hose connected to the coupling Attention: The hose and purchased separately. to the performance the hose should to the outlet The through charcoal and to the through the front the to F. You charcoal this function from Service Force Coupling Hose and screw To the Charcoal
obtained and high when concentrated. Turn the then the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The switches located the front the light switch switches the and off the switch switches the and off, to of the three If the to correctly there the It to the closed and Light switch switch
and The disconnected from the electricity supply Cleaning the Clean the of the cloth and or cleaning products. pointed the protective the using or or the switch and cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire grease (EFT The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal recycling function. Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, four the grease First the backwards then the outwards grease about hour with then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. and highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing only or brushes). Warning to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore strongly recommended to follow these instructions. The responsibility to the or fire to or to the -Removing the grease Grease EFT EFT EFT EFT Grease
grease (EFT The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or recycling function. The grease thin and the of its related The should once month. The should cleaned with and when the The grease from Service Force the the and the To the forwards from the right and release the the and the to the Charcoal The charcoal should to the the function. To this charcoal from Service Force The charcoal washed The charcoal should months from Service Force the cover rotating the to the charcoal and rotating the to then the To the specify the and when This information shown the plate located the of the The charcoal from Service Force the light the from the supply. the or the grease the with of the type. Remount the or the grease If the light the correctly contacting Service Force Grease the to Charcoal Grease Cover Charcoal
Something Not If to properly please the following Symptom The cooker that: The connected to the electricity supply. that selected The Check that: The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the ducting and outlets The The tripped. switched off operation. Turn off the and then the to If the below the indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Charcoal TYPE
Service and the of service, or to purchase Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section Something Not Working as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and Telephone Clear and of the and of the This information found the rating which when the grease CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Technical Specifications FT EFT EFT EFT EFT 630/GB EFT 635/GB Height 160W absorption: Lighting: of the to without that the Transportation should immediately to the the and eventually should immediately to the of the that children with them. The to mounted the the than or or The these performance should the the heat UK) the the to the supply, that the indicated the rating plate to the supply Appliances with connected to within easy access. Should to the only authorised the electricity board. switch with of least of the authorised UK the the to the supply switch which the The switch The following the United only: the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured the which coloured connected to the which with the or red.
Mounting included screws fixing) screws TORX screws) screw Wall mounting the the of the the template the the to the From the the screws and them the the Wall mounting the the template the the template to the the as the three the fixing only).. screws them completely, the the that right to the turning the screws Tighten the screws From the the third screw the and mounting Wall mounting
The Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the world. LI12QB Ed.