EFT EFT UK
instructions of the included: Function Recycling Mounting of Mounting (with the Work light Correct to know Grease the lighting If the function Service and Technical
Congratulations to Thank choice of that and pleasure from the that through the whole user of the and its To the that when electricity, that the correctly and that the tions to and the instruction and of the instructions At and service The households with If other there of which covered the warranty. to The of the should with enough knowledge. otherwise to of ance and and /or The connected to of other that other than electricity. Please, to the of official the of the the of other that other than electricity, supply of the than or or The should that there of At of food cooked the The of the and fires. the or cooker/hob. The the spontaneously through overheating. the or cleaning to these the of fire through If fire Switch of the and the heating the fire At to when the cooker should Disconnect the and the with the authorities information of to
of the Light switch switch Work light Suction with grease included: Template mounting and Screws: Duct with outlet Function The as follows: recycling Attention! The ready to recycling already mounted The and To the back E, switch from the top the to the hose using the with coupling). the coupling). closing the Attention! the the slightly (about and directed upwards to the easily from the to the The connected to of other that other than electricity. Recycling The through and the through the front This when there or when to EFT
Active the active should used. the PNC that the should immediately reported to the the and eventually should to the of the that with The to mounted the or the than or or The with moulded with earth to connected to outlet of V. The Mounting of the template to the the H, as I. the three the screws them completely. the the H, the screws. From the the third screw
Mounting the the of the the template From the the screws and tighten them the the the outlet to the hose the suction the the C and the that the selection the tion. the suction (with The the suction that the selection recycle the recycle mounted and first rearwards the Then frontwards the using C the The three with switch operation. the performance, the highest of and the cooking and the C C EFT
Work light The (E candle). Switch and off with the switch. Correct To the correctly the the should closed. should to know If the the as or fireplace that or heaters, heaters, the when the the the or fireplace combustion. Not the operation, the from the electricity. Grease This to the grease EFT with grease EFT with grease The should washed month with or, the dishwasher (60C). the the and the To from the right and Release the to that the grease cover the whole cleaned as as the grease This cooking It should every months the technical service or The washed. To the the C and the
to the cleaning the ance and and cleaning the fires. Therefore, these instructions. Cleaning To the of the cloth with or containing the lighting the from the electricity. the the with of If the function to service that the connected to the outlet and that operations that or to the If the or service to the purchase and the Warranty countries) Service and Service and or service service or should ready to the and This information the rating the grease and the rating Product of purchase:
Technical EFT EFT Light Grease Class Class rating EFT EFT
LI1PJA Ed.