EMAN_ElineRHood_Jun11.indd PM and user ERCM9010AS ERCE9020AS ERCG9030AS
EMAN_ElineRHood_Jun11.indd PM Congratulations Congratulations and thank choosing to that through the whole user which the of the and its function. To the that when that the correctly and that the instructions to and that this instruction reference and to owners. the please If the Service CONDITIONS OF USE This to household and such shops, offices and other houses and other type and type Product instructions the and cleaning the Optional Warranty Information of the Please of those through recycling or them If to this please authorities and the of Product ERCG9030AS cover mounting cover mounting and housing assembly Grease Additional items to mounting and to cover mounting to the ERCM9010AS ERCE9020AS Technical ERCG9030AS supply: to 7.5A GPO. Lights: ERCE9020AS supply: to 7.5A GPO. Lights: ERCM9010AS supply: to 7.5A GPO. Lights:
instructions instructions This the of Please this the This should reference. This which and tested to with Australian and New AS/NZS This the of or to property of this shown below: This to this This this the following to shock or fire. Young should to they with the This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning the of the their the switched off carrying to of shock. cooking the This recommended This Grease least every four cleaning to reduce the of fire. The from the heating which combustion products from other cavity, the cavity the There of the when the the as burning or other cover with or when switch off or to the of fire. EMAN_ElineRHood_Jun11.indd PM NOTE: *The housing or with the as reducer optional optional ERCM9010AS ERCE9020AS ERCG9030AS that the matches with the the the that the with of and electricity authorities. If the the or its service of to the the to the and from the cooker to the (as right The following strictly to and straight reduce the or the to using with pulled to to these instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the cavity, the cavity that The from the heating which combustion products from other
the (rear to ERCM9010AS ERCE9020AS mounted (rear to mounted (recommended cover location) (recommended cover location) of of fixing fixing ERCG9030AS to mounted (rear to mounted (recommended cover location) (recommended cover location) of of the where the to positioned, and the NOTE: The height of the of the of cook top and height of right). EMAN_ElineRHood_Jun11.indd PM from to top of type If the instructions of the specify than the then that the height the location the and fixing the the as the reference mounting and mounting with mounting screws (to of to the the the protective from the and the mounting then the locations as indicated top of the installation/ducting follow or below. the top of the mount to the screws. the (optional AR600RK ERCM9010 and ERCE9020, or AR600RKG ERCG9030) to the mount and or to to NOTE: recommended to (included AR600RK ERCM9010AS and ERCE9020AS, or AR600RKG ERCG9030AS, to to back the OR Ducted The with and alternatively used. the to the the mount the to the mounting fixing mounting back of fixing back of top of top of ERCM9010AS ERCE9020AS ERCG9030AS the ERCM9010AS NOTE: ducted through the to hat to externally. cavity. NOTE: with building regulations. NOTE: To performance of the the of recommended. The of should although ducting fire of covers the and covers, and the protective coating from both. reassemble the and outer covers sections the the outer cover. the assembled and outer covers the top of the and the cover the approximately (top) cover to the mounting with screws supplied. that the (top) section ERCM9010AS ERCE9020AS ERCG9030AS to the screws threaded when attaching the outer cover. If the optional (included AR600RK ERCM9010AS and ERCE9020AS, or AR600RKG ERCG9030AS). To the the to the of the back of and front that the ready to high light off OFF To of the to the the OFF to off. the buttons back-lit operation to cooking light frying/boiling frying/wok cooking/heavy High and cooking To switch Lights ON and OFF the light to the lights ON and light to the lights OFF. the At the of cooking the switched the to to that the of the turn OFF. off to the ON and off to the function.
the the ERCG9030AS and cleaning the the ERCE9020AS high light off OFF Touch operation Touch and lock seconds to interface when cleaning, and seconds to interface. to cooking light frying/boiling frying/wok cooking/heavy High and cooking increases when cooking which when searing foods. On selecting the function the intensity increase then back to the selected To switch Lights ON and OFF Touch the light to the lights ON and light to the lights OFF. the At the of cooking the switched the to to that the of the OFF. Touch off to the ON and off to the function. EMAN_ElineRHood_Jun11.indd PM high light off OFF Touch Touch and seconds to interface when cleaning, touch and seconds to interface. to cooking light frying/boiling frying/wok cooking/heavy High and cooking increases when cooking which when searing foods. On selecting the function the intensity increase then back to the selected To switch Lights ON and OFF Touch the light to the lights ON and light to turn the lights OFF. the At the of cooking the switched the to to that the of the OFF. Touch off to the ON and off to the function. or cleaning the should disconnected from the supply. that the switched off the and the to scratches and please follow the cleaning instructions to the achieved without Clean cleaning products that specifically To and follow the of the of cloth reduces the of scratching. If the cloth that cloth to the reducing the of appearing. The cleaned the cloth cleaning. cloth to cleaning. Grease The cleaned hand or the dishwasher. cleaning that the completely hand: and grease to these dishwasher: that of the as to the function of the arm. the dishwasher of the although their performance. should washed to crockery and The ERCG9030AS cleaned with or and and towelling. screwdriver the to to the the as the easily of the whilst cool, and with The 20W, with cloth or to with the as this reduce the of the
optional ducting Optional AR600FS* AR600FSG ERCM9010AS* ERCE9020AS* ERCG9030AS NOTE: to purchased ERCM9010AS* ERCE9020AS* ERCG9030AS AR150RC AR150RC Cowl AR150F AR150F AR150WV AR150WV Wall Duct AR600RK* AR600RKG AR600CF* AR600CFG AR600FS* AR600FSG cover EMAN_ElineRHood_Jun11.indd PM AR150RC AR150F AR150WV FOR SALES IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND APPLIANCE: RANGEHOOD This the terms and of the Appliances. It Please with of purchase reference should service Appliance. this warranty as to of this warranty the to the ACL; ACL (Australian Consumer Appliance purchased this ASC authorised serviced Products of NSW ABN of Appliances purchased and (NZ) of Road, Mount of Appliances purchased New Zealand; as to of this warranty the to the ACL and includes when Appliance repaired or its to Appliance the Warranty Warranty where the Appliance or household family as the instruction the Appliance warranted months and New months, following the of purchase of the Appliance; where the Appliance (including to directly business or where the Appliance or type the Appliance then warranted months and New months, following the of purchase of the Appliance. AR600RK* AR600RKG the purchaser of the Appliance purchased the Appliance and This warranty only to Appliances purchased and or New and to (and or or New Zealand. the Warranty or its ASC charge Appliance readily service, without and to these and or which to or its ASC to Appliance. You that Appliances or become the property of This warranty apply to light batteries, or perishable AR600CF* AR600CFG and Appliances covered this warranty. You bear the of and of the Appliance to and from or its ASC. If of the service bear the of: of authorised and of the Appliance to and from or its ASC, instances, the Appliance or authorised representative, the Appliance the owners and while to and from or its ASC. Notice service, please that the followed. FOR SERVICE or to the of service PLEASE CALL the of only) FOR SERVICE or to the of authorised service New FREE CALL (New only) GRH_Warr_Apr11 Warranty of purchase this warranty. You this warranty the to or or workmanship. the following (which the Appliance by: or including to properly or service wear and tear or incorrect supply or incorrect, or insect or infestation to comply with instructions with the Appliance; the Appliance without authority from writing; the Appliances or warranty or the Appliance serviced or repaired other than authorised or ASC. This warranty, the to which relates and the relationship and the where the Appliance purchased. Where the Appliance purchased New business the Consumer apply. To the warranties and (other than as this including or whether or indirect from purchase, or of the Appliance. Appliances and services the Appliances with that the Australian Consumer You to or and other reasonably or You to the Appliance repaired or the Appliance to of and the amount to The to this warranty to other rights and relation to the Appliances or services to which the warranty At the Warranty its whether or apply Appliance warranty to Appliances and services New Zealand, the Appliances with to the of the Consumer Act, the of and the Act. To about claiming this warranty, please follow these the operating instructions, user and the of this warranty; the and of the Appliance the of purchase telephone the shown below. You that warranty and its ASC information relation to to to its obligations this warranty. SERVICE AUSTRALIA ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS SERVICE NEW ZEALAND ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS www.electrolux.co.nz FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of PLEASE CALL the of only) FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of New FREE CALL (New only)
Products telephone: www.electrolux.com.au The Thoughtful the that know? Thats exactly what wanted! Thats the of that the to everyone who chooses or of products. knowledge, and of thought to and creating the of that really and This of thoughtful with insight. Not the thoughtful to and to to that century ease of to this ease of to people of their the world. when of know that. Thinking of of www.electrolux.com.au 305469302/H Copyright Products ABN EMAN_ElineRHood_Jun11.indd PM