INSTRUCTION BOOK GB FM 2500DD-A
New Appliance Thank purchasing AEG To to efficiently and please this instruction or the and reference. Should the to please this instruction with the that the to know the of the and the If further or please Customer or telephone: to this recorded Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ
the New Appliance information Product Downdraught Height Extraction rates to Downdraught Downdraught Extraction rates switching off Correct Cleaning and Top Extraction What to Service and
the Unpacking Technical Mounting to the operating instructions information The products continuously and that this instruction printed. therefore to reservation or and information
This tic household. If other there of Children children when the or with the the tor when or or other easily ignited the of that switched It fire. the of fire, the switched off. the fire with that the tor turned off when Information Cleaning and and reasons the clean. and burst Service Service and service or service used. Unpacking the of such that the
The only authorised or the Work to and/or to property and the the electricity pinched. with the to that already to charge from oil-fired or to when throw- the the electricity from the and off to the
On/off the the the Extraction Product
Downdraught The the through the and then blown the hose to the and the Height the tor continuously from the to the top the the top Extraction rates The and The The the following Extraction Grease cleaning
Downdraught the when or or other easily ignited food the of that switched This fire. the of fire, the switched off. the fire with Touch The buttons to touched least they activated. If the buttons touched than seconds, the switched off matically. If buttons touched the neither of the from the cleaning the The switched off the to
Downdraught To the To the height The to and switch To the off, reached. Pressing off, the where it and the Height ances The the and top The switched Select the height within seconds. Press The to The Press
The then when the released or when top tion reached. If the when switch off automatically. Lowering Press If the the top and tion. It when release the the reached, the and turned off. The top
the switched Select the height within seconds. Press The to top and switch The the If the the switch off automatically. Lowering Press Extraction turned off. The when release the Pressing off, the where and the
Extraction rates The to three and the the and Press the The Switching off Press the shows
The and Press The It then to its tion activated. If off activated, turned off Switching off You switch off the Press
switching off You the tor to switch off switching off from to the switched and The tion switched to or to suction). Press the once If the If the You then the and the to You off the the The counts there the counts
the passed, tion switched off. The the height If to switch off the tion the passed, the the shows If the turn off hours. The the height to which active, the flashes. Press to
Correct The when there the Therefore, the closed when the operation. At the to the to food. with or switching off
Cleaning and The should reasons of and cleaning scouring or other and clean- Carry cleaning with wrung-out cloth. cloth or together with or cleaner. cleaning scouring or other or cleaning the with cloth and If necessary, off with clean, cloth. Top The top become with from To clean Switch the and to the top the top off. the top with cloth and or cleaner. hours of the that the cleaning. "CL" appear the Switch the and to top the top off. Turn the top and base. to scratch the the top. the the its the the and or the washer. The become cleaned the washer. This its effectiveness.
the and top The completely the tor. the cleaning and seconds. "CL" from the If the the mounted cooker hours ("CL" appeared the the cleaning the If there the automatically. Extraction the with cloth and or cleaner.
that the and from which to the within of of the On the rating plate which the back of the the CE and the the the front of instruction easily the of service. of authority know where to of the Unpacking
FM 2500DD-a: Product Width: Depth: Height: Width: Depth: Extraction Extraction or Technical
authorised or autho- the Work fied to and/or to property and thedowndraught the pinched. with the of the The connected to that already to from oil-fired or The hose connected to or the that to from burning
type: HO5VV-F with the The connected switch that with of least the switch). The connecting the hose or of The hose least that the completely airtight. The connected to hose or It that this reasons of and the connected to the the If the outlet with or the PE L2 L1
If the operated top tion and from the other the to the closed This as follows: the On the PCB the "JP01". The operated top To to mount the cover the to as lows: Switch the and to top the top off. Turn the top and base. to scratch the the top. the screws the and the screw holding the activation that the The
the cover plate the cover plate as follows: the cover plate the the top the cover the top the four the top the plate as the cover and the four with the off the the cover plate the top and the plate through the four with the The chosen the
The mounted type of with thickness of to It to the immediately to the If or used, the tor should them that of its tion. Mounting
Cutting this the instructions this this with other the instructions the following this screwdriver and the fixing from from from of the specified the Technical the the and the fixing the that the the or the thickness involved. the fixing with screwdriver.
Mounting than to Cutting The of the selected the following Depth: Width: the of from the of of of of the to Wall: to to to
mounting together beam each as as the with the of the the top the that the top scratched. Mount the the the of the the first the Apply to the corners the the with the as this to the high of the the Apply the forcement Tighten the to the top using screwdriver. the the other
of the of the Downdraught with cooking with Induction with cooking with cooking with with cooking with Induction with cooking
If the correctly, please the following AEG Service Force IMPORTANT: If to caused incorrect or installation, charge the The The constantly blowing.. There while the Extraction off the CL the If the the What to whether the switched the the the Possibly, too If the connected to group, there high of Turn the and the to the The cleaning the section Cleaning and of...Filter to clean the and the The switch off matically and activated. To the the off and the or switch.
should that the as the charge the or Please that to of purchase service
Service and the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk should that the recommended the heading What to as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and telephone Clear and of the of purchase The and This information found the rating
Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, please Customer the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough, SL1 1DZ to this recorded service the of Ireland please the below: GUARANTEE CONDITIONS AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. AEG Irl of Ireland
The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and
UK Slough