Products www.electrolux.com.au The Thoughtful the that Thats exactly what wanted! Thats the of that the to everyone who chooses or of products. knowledge, and of thought to and creating the of that customers really and This of thoughtful with insight. Not the thoughtful to and to to that century ease of to this ease of to people of their the world. when thinking of that. Thinking of of thinking www.electrolux.com.au XXXXXXX Copyright Products ABN ELINERANUM Apr and ERCE90AS Congratulations and thank choosing to that through the whole user which the of the and its To the that when that the correctly and that the instructions to and that this instruction reference and to owners. the please If the Service Product instructions the and cleaning the Optional Warranty Information users of the Please of those through recycling or them If to this please authorities and the of
Products telephone: The Thoughtful the that know? Thats exactly what wanted! Thats the of that the to everyone who chooses or of products. knowledge, and of thought to and creating the of that really and This of thoughtful with insight. Not the thoughtful to and to to that century ease of to this ease of to people of their the world. when thinking of know that. of of thinking www.electrolux.com.au XXXXXXX Copyright Products ABN ELINERANUM Apr Congratulations Congratulations and thank choosing to that through the whole user which the of the and its To the that when that the correctly and that the instructions to and that this instruction reference and to owners. the please If the Service Product instructions the and cleaning the Optional Warranty Information users of the Please of those through recycling or them If to this please installation and ERCE90AS authorities and the of
warranty Product cover section cover section downlight cover mounting Top fixing (located housing) housing instructions This the of Please this the This should reference. This which and tested to with Australian and New AS/NZS This the of or to property of this shown below: This to this This this the following to shock or fire. children should to they with the The children or infirm without the switched off carrying to of shock. cooking the This recommended This Grease every four cleaning to reduce the of fire. The from the heating which combustion products from other cavity, the cavity the There of the when the the as burning or other cover with or when switch off or to the of fire. that the matches with the the plate the that the with of and electricity authorities. If the supply the or its service of Warranty FOR SALES IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND APPLIANCE: ELECTROLUX E:LINE CANOPY RANGEHOOD This the terms and of the It Please with of purchase reference should service Terms and Conditions this warranty Products ABN of Appliances purchased and (NZ) of Appliances purchased New Zealand; Appliance purchased this Warranty where the Appliance or household the of months and New the of months; where the Appliance the of months and New the of months, the stated months covered this warranty) following the of purchase of the Appliance; the purchaser of the Appliance purchased the and This warranty to Appliances purchased and or New and to (and or or New Zealand. warrants that, when from the Appliance free from and workmanship the Warranty the Warranty or its Authorised Service charge readily without and to these and or which to defective. You that Appliances or become the property of This warranty apply to light batteries, or and Appliances covered this warranty. Where within service this warranty covers the of of the Appliance to and from Authorised Service of and of the Authorised Service to and from or business. If service bear these information about whether within service please phone or New Zealand. of purchase this warranty. You this warranty the to or or workmanship. the following (which Calling Service please the operating instructions, service and the warranty and FOR SERVICE or to the of service PLEASE CALL ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS the of only) FOR SERVICE or to the of authorised service New FREE CALL ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS (New only) The Appliance by: or including to properly or service wear and tear or incorrect supply or incorrect, or operation insect or infestation. The Appliance without authority from writing. The Appliances or warranty or The Appliance serviced or repaired other than or its Authorised Service This warranty, the to which relates and the relationship and the the Australian State where the Appliance purchased or the New the Appliance purchased New Zealand. Where the Appliance purchased New business the Consumer apply. of To the other than as this or whether or indirect or from purchase, or of the Appliance. Provisions of the and State legislation and the Consumer Act, the of and the New Zealand, imply or or obligations, which excluded, restricted or To the the of of or relation to the Appliance or services (where and reasonable to the of Appliances, its option, to the or of the Appliances or the supply of products or the of the of the Appliances or the Appliances repaired or of Appliances. replaced, and Appliances become the property of or the of services, its option, to the supply of the services or the of the of the services re-supplied; and the of Appliances or services New Zealand, or whether or indirect or that reasonably You acknowledge that the that warranty and its Authorised Service to information relation to to to its obligations this warranty. Notice SERVICE AUSTRALIA FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of PLEASE CALL the of only) SERVICE NEW ZEALAND FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of New FREE CALL www.electrolux.co.nz (New only)
warranty Product cover section cover section downlight cover mounting Top fixing (located housing) housing instructions This the of Please this using the This should reference. This which and tested to comply with Australian and New AS/NZS This the of or to property of this shown below: This to this This this the following to shock or fire. should to they with the The or infirm without the switched off carrying to of shock. cooking the This This Grease every four cleaning to reduce the of fire. The from the heating which combustion products from other cavity, the cavity the There of the when the the as burning or other cover with or when switch off or to the of fire. that the matches with the the the that the with of and electricity authorities. If the supply the or its service of FOR SALES IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND APPLIANCE: ELECTROLUX E:LINE CANOPY RANGEHOOD This the and of the It Please with of purchase reference should service Terms and Conditions this warranty Products ABN of Appliances purchased and (NZ) of Appliances purchased New Zealand; Appliance purchased this Warranty where the Appliance or household the of months and New the of months; where the Appliance the of months and New the of months, the stated months covered this warranty) following the of purchase of the Appliance; the purchaser of the Appliance purchased the and This warranty to Appliances purchased and or New and to (and or warranties or New Zealand. warrants that, when from the Appliance from and workmanship the Warranty the Warranty or its Authorised Service charge readily without and to these and or which to You that Appliances or become the property of This warranty apply to light or perishable and Appliances covered this warranty. Where within service this warranty covers the of of the Appliance to and from Authorised Service of and of the Authorised Service to and from or business. If service bear these information about whether within service please phone or New Zealand. of purchase this warranty. You this warranty the to or or workmanship. the following (which Calling Service Technician please the operating instructions, service and the warranty terms and or to the of service PLEASE CALL the of only) or to the of authorised service New FREE CALL Warranty The Appliance by: or including to properly or service wear and tear or incorrect supply or incorrect, or operation insect or infestation. The Appliance without authority from writing. The Appliances or warranty or The Appliance serviced or repaired other than or its Authorised Service This warranty, the to which relates and the relationship and the the Australian State where the Appliance purchased or the New the Appliance purchased New Zealand. Where the Appliance purchased New business the Consumer apply. of To the warranties other than as this or whether or indirect or from purchase, or of the Appliance. Provisions of the and State legislation and the Consumer Act, the of and the New Zealand, imply warranties or or obligations, which excluded, restricted or To the the of of or relation to the Appliance or services (where and reasonable to the of Appliances, its option, to the or of the Appliances or the supply of products or the of the of the Appliances or the Appliances repaired or of Appliances. replaced, and Appliances become the property of or the of services, its option, to the of the services or the of the of the services re-supplied; and the of Appliances or services New Zealand, or whether or indirect or that reasonably You acknowledge that the that warranty and its Authorised Service to information relation to to to its obligations this warranty. Notice FOR SERVICE SERVICE AUSTRALIA FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of PLEASE CALL ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS the of only) FOR SERVICE SERVICE NEW ZEALAND FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of New FREE CALL ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS www.electrolux.co.nz (New only) (New only)
Mounting the the where the to positioned, and the Mounting the NOTE: The height of the of the of cook top and height of to below). from to top of type If the instructions of the specify than the this the height the location the four and the of the Mounting the four screws (to of the the to allow the of the to the the of the screw and the of the NOTE: Screw head and with screw thread to than to the of the the the screws attached To the screws and the top-edge of the housing to the top fixing fixing assembly top of housing mounting the installation/ducting follow or below: the the fixing to the with screws, that the location of the fixing from the the to the fixing using screws (supplied). of assembly to screws. OR Ducted the to the the from the the back of the cover mounting this and Screw the to the screws. top of NOTE: shown included purchased to cooking EFF72). NOTE: To performance of the of straight recommended. The of should although ducting ducting fire internal included) the outlet to the of the cover mounting NOTE: cover, the connected to
installation/using the of cover You to the and cover and the protective coating from both. Additionally, the protective coating from the reassemble the outer and sections the cover the cover. both cover sections together, the section the T- or the top-flue fixing ducted the rear of the touching the the cover section to the top of the With the outer section to the the screws supplied) fixing through the of the to the screws threaded when attaching the outer cover. If the optional supplied). the ready the To switch ON and OFF to the ON and to the OFF. the of the buttons or to the the type of cooking Confirmation of the selected indicated the LED the selection chosen. Below of the type of cooking and light frying/boiling frying/wok cooking/heavy and cooking To switch Lights ON and OFF to the lights ON and to the lights OFF. Confirmation of the light selected indicated the LED the light button. the At the of cooking the switched the to to that the of the OFF. to turn the ON and to the OFF, to the amount of Confirmation of the selected indicated the LED the buttons
and cleaning the or cleaning the should disconnected from the supply. that the switched off the and the to scratches and please follow the instructions below to the achieved without Clean cleaning products that specifically To and follow the of the of cloth reduces the of scratching. If the cloth that cloth to the reducing the of appearing. The cleaned the cloth cleaning. cloth to cleaning. Cleaning grease The cleaned or the dishwasher. cleaning that the completely hand: and grease to these dishwasher: that of as to the functioning of the arm. the dishwasher of the although their performance. and the screwdriver the to to the the as the easily of the whilst cool, and with The 20W, with cloth or to with the as this reduce the of the
optional Optional NOTE: to purchased separately. AR150RC Cowl AR150F AR159FD Duct AR150WV Wall Duct AR150FJ EFF72 NB: The ERCE90AS with Therefore, only EFF72) AR150RC AR150F AR150WV Flashing supplied) AR150FJ EFF72 AR150FD
instructions This the of Please this the This should reference. This which and tested to with Australian and New AS/NZS This the of or to property of this shown below: This to this This this the following to shock or fire. Young should to they with the The children or infirm without the switched off carrying to of shock. cooking the This recommended This Grease every four cleaning to reduce the of fire. The from the heating which combustion products from other cavity, the cavity the There of the when the the as burning or other cover with or when switch off or to the of fire. that the matches with the the the that the with of and electricity authorities. If the supply the or its service of cover section cover section downlight cover mounting Top fixing (located housing) housing warranty Product Warranty FOR SALES IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND APPLIANCE: ELECTROLUX E:LINE CANOPY RANGEHOOD This the terms and of the It Please with of purchase reference should service Terms and Conditions this warranty Products ABN The Appliance by: or including to properly or service wear and tear or incorrect supply or incorrect, or operation insect or infestation. The Appliance without authority from of Appliances purchased and (NZ) of Appliances purchased New Zealand; Appliance purchased writing. The Appliances or warranty this Warranty where the Appliance or or The Appliance serviced or repaired other than household the of months and New the of months; where the Appliance or its Authorised Service This warranty, the to which it relates and the relationship and the the Australian State where the Appliance purchased or the New the Appliance purchased New Where the Appliance purchased New business the Consumer apply. the of months and New the of months, the stated months covered this warranty) following the of purchase of the Appliance; the purchaser of the Appliance purchased the and This warranty to Appliances purchased and of To the other than as contained or New and to (and or warranties or New Zealand. warrants that, when from this or whether or indirect or from purchase, or of the Appliance. Provisions of the and State the Appliance free from and workmanship the Warranty the Warranty or its Authorised Service legislation and the Consumer Act, the of and the New Zealand, imply or or obligations, which excluded, restricted or To the the of of or relation to the Appliance or services (where and reasonable to the of Appliances, its option, to the or charge readily without and to these terms and or which to You that Appliances or become the property of This warranty apply to light or perishable and Appliances covered of the Appliances or the supply of products or the of the of the Appliances or the Appliances repaired or of Appliances. replaced, and Appliances become the property of or the of services, its option, to the supply of the this warranty. within service this warranty covers the of of the Appliance to and from Authorised Service of and representatives of the Authorised Service to and from or business. If service bear these information about whether within service please phone or New of purchase services or the of the of the services re-supplied; and the of Appliances or services New Zealand, or whether or indirect or that reasonably this warranty. You this warranty the You acknowledge that the that warranty and its Authorised Service to information relation to to to its obligations this warranty. claimed to or or workmanship. the following (which Notice Calling Service Technician please the operating instructions, service and the warranty terms and FOR SERVICE SERVICE AUSTRALIA or to the of service PLEASE CALL ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS the of only) www.electrolux.com.au FOR SERVICE SERVICE NEW ZEALAND or to the of authorised service New FREE CALL ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS www.electrolux.co.nz (New only) FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of PLEASE CALL the of only) FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of New FREE CALL (New only)
Products telephone: www.electrolux.com.au The Thoughtful the that know? Thats exactly what wanted! Thats the of that the to everyone who chooses or of products. knowledge, and of thought to and creating the of that customers really and This of thoughtful with insight. Not the thoughtful to and to to that century ease of to this ease of to people of their the when thinking of that. of of thinking www.electrolux.com.au XXXXXXX Copyright Products ABN ELINERANUM Apr and ERCE90AS Congratulations Congratulations and thank choosing to that through the whole which the of the and its To the that when it that the correctly and that the instructions to and that this instruction reference and to owners. the please If the Service Product instructions the and cleaning the Optional Warranty Information of the Please of those through recycling or them If to this please authorities and the of