FHWC3055LSA FHWC3655LSA PM and
instructions information Table of Please and this reference instructions the Operation............................................................................ Cleaning and Technical Troubleshooting protection Warranty information Please and this Thank choosing the This of to and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. reference Purchase GB PM NOTE with to You www.frigidaire.com or Product Card the toll-free the U.S.: or and information instructions to or this the instructions this items throughout this with Warning or based the type. Definitions This the It to to that follow this to or death. DANGER DANGER which, death or serious WARNING WARNING which, death or serious injury. CAUTION CAUTION which, or instructions Child covered with sheets, or stretch become airtight chambers and suffocation. the protective covering the operation. or the and other wrapping immediately the unpacked. Children should with these items. of suffocation!
toll-free the U.S.: or and information instructions to or this the instructions this items throughout this or Warning with based the type. Definitions This the It to to that follow this to or death. instructions information instructions IMPORTANT Indicates installation, operation, or information which hazard-related. Child covered with sheets, or stretch become airtight chambers and suffocation. the protective covering the operation. or the and other immediately the unpacked. Children should with these items. of suffocation! IMPORTANT PLEASE READ THESE INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLATION AND USE. INSTALLATION MUST COMPLY WITH ALL LOCAL CODES. IMPORTANT: these instructions the Inspectors INSTALLER: Please these instructions with this the owner. OWNER: Please these instructions reference. DANGER switch off the electricity supply the and such as light PM WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or to the following: FOR RESIDENTIAL USE ONLY. this the the If the Installation and with including fire-rated combustion and of through the of burning to Follow the heating and such as those published the National Protection Association (NFPA), the American Heating, and Conditioning (ASHRAE), and the authorities. or or and other Ducted to the WARNING servicing or cleaning the switch off service and service to from switched the service disconnecting locked, securely such as to the service CAUTION only. DO NOT to or or CAUTION To reduce of fire and to properly to within walls, attics, or GB
instructions the instructions WARNING To reduce the of fire, this with specified. WARNING To reduce the of fire or shock, this with WARNING To reduce the of top grease fire: high and greasy that Heat or ON when cooking high heat or when food WARNING Clean frequently. Grease should allowed to or the without the grease or the excessively greasy. cookware the of the WARNING NEVER PICK UP FLAMING PAN burned. GB PM WARNING To reduce the of to the of top grease fire, the following: Smother with or other then off the or the to burns. If the immediately, and the fire burned. including dishcloths or extinguisher only You know ABC extinguisher, and to The fire and contained the where started. The fire called. You fight the fire with back to CAUTION and Without these operating catch and clothing. IMPORTANT and ordinances. It the customers responsibility: to to that the and with National ANSI/NFPA edition*, or CSA C22.1-94, and C22.2 No.0-M91-latest edition** and and ordinances. If and ground used, recommended that that the ground ground to with properly grounded. the or ground to the of the National ANSI/NFPA or CSA C22.1-94, and C22.2 No.0-M91 edition** and and ordinances. U.L.- or C.S.A.-listed each of the supply the and the of the obtained from: National Protection Association Batterymarch Quincy, CSA International East Cleveland, 120V~, or 20A branch only. This recommended to to or or Qty. and
It the customers responsibility: to to that the and with National ANSI/NFPA edition*, or CSA C22.1-94, and C22.2 No.0-M91-latest edition** and and ordinances. If and ground used, recommended that that the ground ground to with properly grounded. the or ground instructions the IMPORTANT instructions inspectors The connected with only. The should connected directly to the fused (or through to the of the National ANSI/NFPA edition, or CSA C22.1-94, and C22.2 No.0-M91 edition** and and ordinances. U.L.- or C.S.A.-listed each of the supply the and the of the obtained from: National Protection Association Batterymarch Quincy, CSA International East Cleveland, 120V~, or 20A branch operation only. This recommended to to or or Qty. and PM screw Assembly template (stencilled) (optional FHWRKT55LS 20W, 120V~, GU10 assembled) screw Wall Short screw screw Short screw (optional FHW10X55LS GB
the the the IMPORTANT that people the to the the assembly instructions. Preparation the location of the the to the the to that House location: The located the top right of the should the back least the of the and within to of the right of the the shortest and straightest The breakthrough professional to the to the of the hose when the breakthrough. The hose reach the outer of the without If the hose leads through with or the This the professional that the breakthrough. If fireplaces operated the GB PM about the to installation. If then obtained from the of the property. Attention! the to reach performance, the of the cooking The following to mount the included): with and Screwdriver Measuring Duct to Ducting reasons, should directly the house, the or as and straight as Duct and reduce flow efficiency. to back and S and recommended. straight of the of the blower the Transition to from the blower or as to the as round round should when other to and crush when corners. height of or to the operation) If the screw locations. enough to the location indicated the least the and top mounting location The with the of the cleats both of the to to and refinish.
about the regulations to If renting, then obtained from the of the property. the to reach Attention! performance, the of the cooking The following to mount the included): with and Screwdriver Measuring Duct Ducting reasons, ducting should directly the house, the or as and straight as Duct and reduce flow efficiency. to back and S and recommended. straight of the of the blower the to from the blower or as to the as round round should only when other to and when corners. the the of or pitch with flashing and to the operation) IMPORTANT This heavy. and of installations. If the screw locations. enough to the location indicated the least the and top mounting location The with the of the cleats both of the to to and refinish. PM IMPORTANT of that or become the with template and the the to the measured from the Upper/Lower the type: Wall type Brick/Concrete GB
the the screws screws high cook top with FHW10X55LS supplied). Please to this the chart the height from cook top to where the screw mounting would located. Recommended mounting height the with screws or screws, the type: Wall type screws screws Brick/Concrete screws GB PM 15.98-FHWC3055L 23.86-FHWC3655L Wall height screws or the top location, the screws Mount the to the and the screws. and the screws the location of the the to the with screws NOTE covers the If the located the the screw through the Mount and the with the of screws The notches of the should facing towards the the the below round used. The airtight of the should then with This tight and that grease from the the screws from the the incoming and ground to the respective The ground already the to grounding
screws or the top location, the screws Mount the to the and the screws. and the screws the location of the the to the with screws Mount and the with the of screws The notches of the should facing the the the below round used. The airtight of the should then with This tight and that grease from the the the DANGER of shock! with regulations and building If IMPORTANT switch off the electricity supply the installation, cleaning and that the or switched off the while the screws from the the and ground to the respective The ground already pre-assembled the to grounding Black PM White (ground) Mount the the using screws the the from top to Mount the the which the notch and mount to the with screws the to the to match the screw of the Mount to the with screws GB
the Cleaning and CAUTION of The operation, the from If other fire that the surrounding combustion operated the or heaters), the they suffocated and or the back the to operation, there should to fresh supply of combustion This the combustion from back the the necessary, the of the house the to or or the that from the where circulating. The should only through that the the the Please that The from There of the when the the as burning or other to that the back the GB PM The that from burning or other to that the back the and back the through the The grease breakthrough operation to the the operation of the with FHWRKT55LS, to obtained. Please to this Follow to from to the operation) chapter. To the the the template included the to the with of screws and the the of the Follow from to the operation) sub-chapter. Wall screw the grease and charcoal to of the blower. back the grease Press of the buttons to the Function o Press o to switch the off when switched Press Press Press high performance Turn the to cook. Clean the to Cleaning and below). and higher or Press to lights. Press to switch lights off.
The that from burning or other to that the back the and back the through the The grease breakthrough to the the operation of the with FHWRKT55LS, to obtained. Please to this to Follow to from chapter. the operation) To the the the template included the to the with of screws and the the of the to the Follow from sub-chapter. operation) the Cleaning and the grease and charcoal to of the blower. back the grease Press of the buttons to the Function o Press o to switch the off when switched Press Press Press high Press to lights. Press to switch lights off. performance NOTE Continuous of while cooking the and It reduces cooking and that cleaning. Turn the to cook. Clean the to Cleaning and below). and higher or PM Cleaning and Cleaning DANGER switch off the electricity supply the installation, cleaning and such as light NOTE The efficiency of the the cleanliness of the and Grease should allowed to or Clean the the following cloth with or household cleaning or to the The collects grease, and the directly affecting the efficiency of the If cleaned, the grease the Clean with household cleaning The dishwasher Monthly the the top Charcoal If the to the the through charcoal that and The charcoal cleaned, every months they NOTE or charcoal dishwasher. NOTE Charcoal included with the Please to this service this ready. GB
Troubleshooting Warranty information IMPORTANT Clean the every month to of fire. servicing or of the specifically recommended the other servicing should to technician. Light Switch the off and the supply. to the light the should first. the and or both of the light from the and with light of the type (GU10, 20W, 120V~) the and Technical supply 120V~, 520W type 20W, 120V~ (type: GU10) type 18AWG 300V~, 105C GB PM Troubleshooting Light Both light and Suction performance protection products should of with household Please recycle where with Authority or recycling The properly the the and properly fixed. The Switch off the to service only. The tightly. The The with with Light the with with the and the cooking too the and below) Clean Cleaning and grease dirty. Warranty information covered year warranty. year from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other including, to, hour, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of USA Appliances North America Charlotte, NC
Troubleshooting The properly the The Switch off the to service only. The tightly. The Light The Light Both light and with the and the too Suction performance grease dirty. protection products should of with household Please where with Authority or recycling Troubleshooting Warranty information Warranty information covered warranty. year from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such and with the instructions. the and properly fixed. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered with with this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other including, to, hour, or service tolls, charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or the with the and below) Clean Cleaning and incurred installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of USA Appliances North America Charlotte, NC PM DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE PRODUCT REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained contacting the or below. This warranty the USA and the USA, warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. service and this warranty or authorized service Product features or as or illustrated to without Terry L5V 3E4 GB