JLBIHD906 built-in Instruction
Information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the These the of You MUST them or tion If of the of these the branch from which purchased the and to the National This with the instructions and to. If the then the with the of BS.6172, BS.5440 and BS.6891 and BS.5482 (LP the the Building Regulations issued the of the the Building (Scotland) (Consolidated) tions issued the Scottish The of this incorporates which the below the height recommended section Clearance or the becomes overheated. If the activated, switch off the and allow the to cool. The when the cooled significantly. It to the specifications or this the the If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the with connected to the and/ or from using to the of created tion of the The ducting this nected to existing which other with high Child This to operated Chil- should allowed to with the or with the This only. as heated and might catch fire. cooking this cooker the This cooker to from the and Cleaning This the synthetic and charcoal as recommended. Service should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction. to Service Force Information please of the with to and the The the or its that this should treated as household to facility the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
the Information of the Appliance the To Extraction and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning the Comfort Grease Charcoal To Remove/Replace Charcoal the Something Not Working Repairs and Service the the the Ceiling/Support Shelf Fixing the Extraction the Chimney to the Instruction The following found the text to through the instruction instructions instructions Information This with the lowings E.E.C. Directives: Compat- Directive) Directive) Directives) and
of the Appliance
Installation Please that when the easily to the of breakdown. comply with the authorities the of Incorrect the of this the to which the to or The to the instructions below and and to the National This to to cooking and the (ducted to the or The and The responsibility to incorrect of the or the with regulations this type of installation. the the with the arrows upwards as illustrated the The of the following Ref. Product with: Light, Blower, Chimney comprising: Section Section with consisting of: Ducting ducting Junction Ref. Screws Screws Screws M6 template Instruction
the where the enough the the strengthening using plates and anchored to the structurally sound the Ceiling/Support Shelf to the of the the shelf. the template the shelf, that the template the the of the template with those of the the of the the the the to the screw hollow with thickness of (immediately the ceilings, to the screws used. shelf, the supply feed, the outlet (Ducted to the of the tion. screws of the following type, crossing them and from the ceilings, the the screw provided). with with thickness of Screws provided). screws provided). shelf, screws with washers and provided) Fixing the the screws the and this from the the screws the and this from the If to the height of the as follows: the screws the located the of the the to the height required, then the screws as the from and free the
the the the screws to the Tighten the screws and the other screws with the the screws completely to the turning that the screws of their the The mountings to with- the of the and caused the thrust to the On that the the subjected to Extraction (Ducted) The effective when the (ducted to the purchased through and through of or The from fire conforming to the British or DIN 4102-B1. the ducted to the the charcoal the Ducting the to the top of the as illustrated. using item and to the the top of the as trated. the performance the shortest of ducting and the of to hose as this the flow of while reducing which and of performance. If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed" or "balanced type. If other of or that there supply of to the The cooker when the connected to heating or heaters.
The specified the tion with the charcoal fitted. the through the charcoal to and the through the of the the of the item the the ducting top of the the item to item the outlet item the item The item and the item fitted. the activated charcoal fitted. The consists of The and the (with the The the the section and the to the the screws Similarly, the section and the to the using the screws the the should with the each of the the and the and upwards the fixing the to the the Comfort to the from the the fixing the grease from the activated charcoal From below, the screws (M6
THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED comply with the I.E.E. Regulations and Electricity this should Electricity Board, or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC). connecting to the supply that the to the the rating plate the the grease that the of the feeding correctly the the of the the the from the housing to the from the the lights both the and the and the screws provided. the to the using the screws the the activated charcoal the grease This with and permanently connected to the electricity supply switch each Switched Unit to BS1363 with recommended supply accessory to with the to instructions. This conforms to BS and EEC Directive of and interference.
the The cooker to from the The to or To Select the and light required. the the the through the grease The cleaned through the charcoal back the through the of the Extraction the the the through the grease and through the the atmosphere. To the performance when cooking to switch the cooking and about finishing. the the charcoal required. cooking this as over-heated and catch fire. the heating covered with and when the and The switched the without to ton. The of the
lights Function switches the light- Touch Lights off and off. seconds switches the lighting and off This function from the of the It therefore to switch the lighting and the the lighting the T1 the stopped, Touch of the to. T2 the to the first Touch T3 the to the Touch the seconds the function shutdown of the tion of the This function activated and and It of the with the of T3. The function to the following OFF T4 the to the Touch third T5 the to the option to At the of of option the the to previously. If the the and the option selected, the reduced to (T2). seconds the indicated flashing of the T1. This when the Lights off Touch Lights Touch lighting Touch off Flashing function Touch grease grease to washed. The hours. Flashing Charcoal Charcoal to and grease washed. The hours. tivation; the Charcoal Touch
and Cleaning carrying or isolate the from the supply. The cooker clean, as of grease or fire cleaning the with scouring or cleaners. amounts of when cleaning around the Cleaning the Comfort the Comfort to the from the the fixing The washed washer. Clean the using cloth and Clean the as using cloth and cloths or or of the operation completed, the back to the and turning the the Grease The grease grease and cooking to the and should cleaned when the lights or least months of operation, or heavy
Cleaning the the Comfort to the them the back of the and The grease washed, hand, or dishwasher. Allow to completely of of the when them. the the that they mounted and that the outwards. the Stop the Press the least seconds the T1 flashes. carrying or cleaning isolate the from the supply. Charcoal the the charcoal and This charcoal washed or and when the to flash, or least once months. The only when the the the the of or Switch off the lights and the the supply to the the supply switching off the supply the or turning the switch off. the and T2 Release the T2 and light normally. Within seconds the the flashes to as follows: flashes Charcoal ENABLED Charcoal DISABLED
To Remove/Replace the Char- First the grease the activated charcoal releasing the fixing as illustrated. the charcoal the and while holding the the fixing as illustrated the Stop the Press the least seconds, the T1 flashes. This fire the grease and charcoal cleaned and as recommended. the Unscrew the screws to release the round. the from the the the with of the type, that the properly the the the Support, fixing with the screws as and light from Service Force
Something Working If the correctly, please the following contacting Service Force IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the Symptom The cooker The effectively The switched off operation Repairs and Service the of service, or to purchase please warranty telephoning: They Service Force please the the heading Something Working. covered and of Please purchase the service to the purchase the connected to the electricity supply. the switch the ON that the high enough the the grease clean. the to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The tripped. off the and then the to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase service
Partnership Street SW1E 5NN