and Instructions FM4863-an Induction
Customer, Please these instructions and them to to Please the user instructions to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Touch heat the Switching the and off the heat Switching the function and off the child the cooking with the induction cooking of the Cleaning and What to Instructions Assembly than Plate Guarantee/Customer Service Service and
Instructions instructions Please with these instructions. If covered the warranty. This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive Correct This should cooking and of food. The as or as Additions or to the or or plastic, or the Childrens children from the children the To and switching the ance activation of the child The only and connected trained, service they built to built-in and that the of with the or to the (cracks, scratches or splits), the switched off and disconnected from the supply, to the of shock. Repairs to the trained service
Overheated and cooking with or chips) the of burns! or to which already heat- and There the of burns from the carelessly. and from the from touch the of the or cookware. Switch cooking off with implanted should their least from induction cooking that switched of burns! of such as and the cooking as they of fire! cloth, and when cleaning cleaning, the switched off and cooled reasons, the cleaning of the with or high-pressure cleaning permitted. to to the The The of the the cookware. that and things that the and should straightaway. cooking with cookware or without cookware. The of the and front of the covered.
of the Appliance Child light Child Heat Heat function tor On/Off selection 2300W with function 3200W Heat On/Off light Heat tion
Touch The operated Touch Functions touching Touch the from without covering other On To switch the and off Increase To increase heat To reduce heat Increase To increase To reduce Child children Switching the function and off Heat heat immediately switched off Heat Heat Malfunction or too or cookware the cooking heat Child Child function switched activated field Function selection
heat Warning! of burns from heat. switched off, the cooking to cool the heat heat and food (supplied) With WOK
the that to this Switching the and off seconds To switch lights seconds To switch off switching within seconds heat or tion otherwise the switches off. the heat To increase Touch to To to To switch off and the Switching the function and off The function to the induction cooking to of to the quickly. The function activated that the induc- tion cooking switches back to heat To switch Touch To switch off Touch light right Touch
the child The child of the Switching the child Switch heat Touch seconds Appliance switches off. The child switched Deactivating the Switch seconds Touch lights Appliance switches off. The switched off. the child The child released this cooking activated Switch the Touch and the acoustic the switched off, as
the functions Countdown cooking the Touch light flashes Touch or to The light lights The The counts to Switching function off Touch light flashes The counts to The light The function switched off. Switching off the acoustic Acoustic Touch Acoustic to acknowledge. Acoustic Function Condition heat acoustic lights switches off acoustic lights
the Touch light flashes Touch or to The light lights The The counts to If switching the cooking heat within seconds, the cooking switch- off. If the switched off, the cooking switches off seconds. Induction cooking the of overheating when the cook- switches off. displayed. the cooking to and cooled If cookware that used, lights the and the the cooking switches off. If the cooking switched off or the heat the cooking switches off ically. displayed. the cooking to Heat Switches off hours hours hours hours
cooking with the The induction eminently dishes, Chinese The food continuously turned the The induction heating that the cook and high heat. meat and and and of burns from overheated and The induction heat and high with reaction and overheat quickly. it to too cooking with or the The testing with the of the If to the the reached. If there the reached. Information According to the knowledge, of products containing starch, health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too the the the If carelessly, the the and the while the The scratched or the
induction cooking the induction cooking as the induction induction cooking to heat heated within to the of the cookware. cookware when induction cook- These the and
of the with including and seasonings, high heat while continuously to the cooking the should ready with the with the cooking healthy of their and and and of meat to the the food Meat, and and therefore the typical that specially cooking process. Induction Curved of the whipping or without C to C. the its or possibly with the of and other high food such as and with heat, to Steaming of high of the foods and retained.
Cleaning and of burns from heat. Warning! Sharp and cleaning the Clean with and Warning! from cleaning the with and Cleaning the each the with cloth and the cloth. the the the the with cloth and the using clean cloth. of food containing plastics, and or splashes *Scrapers and cleaners and purchased with or Scratches or the that however the functioning of the The of It easy to and cleaned with Please scouring or that scratch. the the dishwasher. when the using cooled
What to The cooking switched or operating The heat function switched lights cookware cookware and played It to the heat than seconds the switched The switched Several touched the The cooking and therefore The function tion already the other cookware the cook- the from the supply the of the houses If switching displayed the service the when the heat and tion the Switch the Deactivate child the section Child field cloths, that the Switch If the cooking to the Customer Service cooking cool cookware
If to the following the please or the Customer Warning! to the to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service or of charge, the warranty The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise of this formation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
Instructions instructions The ordinances, and force the country of to recycling ance with the The to other and to protection the installation, with protective directly the The of the to protected sealant. The the to the top with the to and Other- cookware off the when and win- WARNING! of from The of when and schematic. anti-shock protection through fied The connected to the supply fied of from and and the overheat. the correctedly This directly to the board. If the or Customer
This (type H05BB-F or higher). The from the Customer the which allows the to from the with of least isolation include protecting (screw type to from the earth and
Assembly
than Additional heat heat-resistant Cut-out section from the least Depth: Width: The of to built-in together, of than Work the of the section and from the the something with the facing upwards. Screw fixing plates the the protective boxes.
first the the and the the corners that another. the of the screw fixing plates from below the top and the
the that the with another. Tighten the fixing plate screws. of the the with Press the and the the to with shaving Clean thoroughly.
of Worktop-mounted cooker cooking with cooking with induction cooking with cooking with cooking with cooking with cooking cooking with induction cooking with
Plate AEG-ELECTROLUX FM4863-an WOK AG
Conditions DECLARATION OF GUARANTEE TERMS. with the of services this or the The service of the however, reduced as This of based Union Directive 99/44/EC and the of the The rights that the this legislation affected this of terms. This the warranty to the The within the of and with the following with to free of charge that within months from the the to the first These terms apply the of or Performing the that the to the the occurred. Defective or repaired. free of charge become property. as to the brought to immediately. Applying the to the of purchase showing the chase and/or The apply caused to such as synthetic and the of The that the or the of the The warranty apply when caused by: or reaction caused operating with The apply to to which occurred of sponsibility. the cover those caused or assembly, of or to the assembly instructions or Defects that from repairs or people who or or that from the of or covered the Appliances that easy to or to the services repairs or built-in If the built-in, or such that and them the where they than hour, the that therefrom Connected caused these and ations the responsibility of the If, the the repeatedly or the with the the ance with another of the this the right to to the of used. that the that month repairs, to the the where imposed, this of the which the wishes to assert his rights. the of the purchase the These purchased and the first that they the technical instructions, type of the country concerned and that they
withstand the and purchased the first that they the or covered the and services the expired. services ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS BELGIUM LEMBEEK This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to Fredericia M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ
Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 Service, S:t S-105  SK,
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating tions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of displayed the three that the reference from hand, that write them PNC:
503-A-150906-01 to without