HC
the the of the Appliance Extraction and Cleaning the grease the grease Charcoal the light What to Technical service Technical Mounting included UK) Wall mounting
the user The to from the cover lighted to heat from the the of and fired to Also, when the the top/cooker The the might to overheating. The of self-ignition increases when the dirty. It to that overheating fire. cooking the the from the supply carrying the including the light the of the or switch off the It to the and the the recommended to grease to fire The children or infirm without the Young should to that they with the WARNING that the switched off the to the of shock. This to the EC and (WEEE). this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this The the or the accompanying the that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and with information about treatment, recovery and recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
the as the with Should there already of or that to the through the walls, it to the reduction provided. this the slightly the the follow- from the top of the cooking If the instructions the this to. The of such The outlet connected to or combustion The outlet connected to which The outlet comply with the regulations the authorities. the sufficiently with that the as the outlet National and building of using and connected to such as or room-heaters and fires, the with connected to the and/or combination) from approximately to the of created operation of the If the authority or building inspectors office. Since the with burning outlet of the as the of which to reduce the performance of the If the its and the without the of the
the its the following to operation: and straight hose hose to the hoses with they follow the hose as as (preferably the as the outlet the should than: with with of than reduce the efficiency of the and reduce the to these instructions drastically reduce the performance and increase the of the of the Appliance The to from the The as and with charcoal the charcoal supplied. The therefore, immediately the the charcoal to the the Extraction this extracted to the hose connected to the coupling to the performance the hose should to the Should there already of or that to the through the walls, to the reduction provided. this the slightly
The through charcoal and to the You charcoal the Accessories). the using screws Optionally, the of the using the the the the top, with the the
obtained using and high when concentrated. Turn the The should cooking about or the disappeared. The switches located the front the light switch switches the and off the switch switches the off push-button push-button push-button Light switch switch
and The disconnected from the electricity supply Cleaning the Clean the of the using cloth and of and or cleaning products or products containing bleach. pointed the protective clean the switch and using cloth and It to the and the the recommended to grease to that fire grease The of the grease to grease which cooking and used, the or internal function. Attention: the grease and washed, or the dishwasher, four Removing the grease the grease backwards, then the grease about hour with grease- cleaner, then off thoroughly with the necessary. the grease when they Dishwasher grease the dishwasher. Select the and the highest least 65C. the process. the grease when they the grease the dishwasher of the this its performance. Clean the housing using hand only(never or brushes).
Charcoal The charcoal should only to the To this charcoal from Service Force Cleaning/replacing the charcoal other charcoal the LONGLIFE charcoal cleaned and reactivated. With the should cleaned every month (when using the hours The to the the dishwasher. and choose the highest C). the that food the and To the charcoal, the should with of C. approximately three years of the charcoal should with as the reduction reduced. the charcoal and with screws. the charcoal first from the and frontwards the To the the and when This information shown the rating located the of the The charcoal from Service Force
Warning to the instructions cleaning the and the fire You therefore strongly recommended to follow these instructions. The to the or fire to or to the the light Disconnect the cooker from the supply. Press the cover and the with of the type the cover. If the light the correctly Service Force
What to If to properly please the following Symptom The that: The connected to the electricity supply. that selected The that: effectively.. The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The The switched off operation... tripped. Turn off the and then the to If the below the indicated the instructions the which the If these the Service Force the and Please that to of purchase service should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown.
Charcoal TYPE LONG LIFE Technical service UK) You to telephone technical service of technical whenever information or the of service calling, please ready to specify: The The The This information shown the plate the the grease the right to specifications and as of of Service and the of service, or to purchase Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Please that the section What to as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: Clear and of the and and of the Telephone This information found the rating which when the grease
CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning AEG or further information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Services Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ If Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG (Ire) of Ireland to this recorded
Technical Height Height Width: Depth: Motor: Lighting: 20W (G4) of the Mounting included fixing only) wood-screws screws screws screws reduction charcoal
UK) the the to the supply, that the indicated the rating plate to the supply Appliances with connected to within easy access. Should to the authorised the electricity board. with of least of the authorised UK only the the to the supply switch which the The switch The following the United only: the which coloured and yellow connected to the which with the or the earth or coloured or and the which coloured to the which with the or coloured the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red.
Wall mounting the template the and the and the Mount the with the the the and with the screws the grease and the screws the and the the and the the with the screws and with the screws Mount the with the and the screws that it the and the outlet and the or with the supplied. Mount the with the screws the previous the and to the top with the screws the of the and to the top of the with screws,
*
outlet Wall
LI25YA Ed.