PM LAVAMAT VI The Instruction AUS ERFAHRUNG GUT
PM customer, Please these operating instructions and to the indicated the first that this instruction reference and to owners. The warning and/or the (Warning!, information that or functioning of the This the operation of the The information with this tions and the of the and information about and of the with the clover If or please or telephone: with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the because distributed the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the manually and infor- mation the section headed "Something Not Working". Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded Printed People who think accordingly....
PM instructions protection of of the ON/OFF MAINS-ON light START/PAUSE DELAY START Option buttons SPIN SPEED and NO SPIN PREWASH STAIN QUICK WASH RINSE HOLD EXTRA RINSE. Cancelling/Altering the the started. the first the Sorting and the of of and and additives Which which
PM to the and Switching the Selection of the Selection of the SPIN SPEED or NO SPIN option Selection of the STAIN, PREWASH or QUICK WASH option. Selection of the RINSE HOLD and/or EXTRA RINSE option Selection of the DELAY START option. the At the of the charts: and Cleaning and each cleaning Water Emergency emptying Something Troubleshooting. Unsatisfactory Technical Service and Conditions
PM Instructions and instructions the of the and Rear Positioning Water Water Building-in Preparation and assembly of the
PM instructions of please this instruction or this Repairs to the only inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force the the or the allowing to the carrying cleaning or operations. the to the from the of the high the the cool carrying emptying or the Follow the instructions Carry first without (COTTON with the amount of to from the and the
PM Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and known to Please the from of reach. of the off the and the the catch to children trapped the and off the This only. If the other or correctly, the that might reasons, the only and follow the instructions. which with should washed. and bleaching specifically the of these products. instructions
PM The with the >PE< >PS< >PP< This that they of them properly authorised to country protection To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected the when normally The loaded. washed, to thirds of the amount of With and the then
PM features of and using the selector. effectively treating normally items. the reduced to or RINSE HOLD the the to creasing. to hours to with showing the selected and the phase which of its action, the washes with and Unbalance to
PM of the
PM Mains-on light ON/OFF C Option START/PAUSE The the type of of and the to the type of The tions: Easy-cares The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to the ENERGY SAVING 67C normally combined with QUICK WASH). of the
PM of the 40C to this the and to creasing. this COLD ON/OFF Press this to switch the Press to switch the off. Mains-on light This light when the ON/OFF pressed, and when START/PAUSE This three selected the this to the If selected the DELAY START option, the its hourly countdown. To which the START/PAUSE the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the START/PAUSE Empty At the of which with the (RINSE HOLD option), or the the START/PAUSE to the the the only; the with RINSE HOLD option, the and DELAY START The from hour to of hours. The selecting the and the START/PAUSE The indicating the appear about seconds the The of the selected then displayed. the START/PAUSE the its hourly countdown.
PM To or the the START/PAUSE then the DELAY START the or, to the the displayed. Then the START/PAUSE the the shows the of the selected. Option buttons the combined. These selected choosing the and the START/PAUSE these pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the lights about seconds and the displayed. SPIN SPEED Press this to reduce the of the the the selected The easy-cares and and NO SPIN selecting this option, the phases To items. This function PREWASH The prewash 30C The prewash with and Easy-cares, and with emptying of the without Delicates. This option with the and with STAIN. when heavily STAIN To heavily or with with action phase, or with than 40C). This function with QUICK WASH and PREWASH. of the
PM of the QUICK WASH this the reduced. when lightly This option with the and and with STAIN. RINSE HOLD selecting this option, the to the from creasing. the finished, the light the to that the The light of START/PAUSE flashes. To the START/PAUSE the the the type of selected; the and the DRAIN to the without Warning! The turned first to RESET and then to the DRAIN If the the EXTRA RINSE Can with the The instead of This option recommended people who to and where the START/PAUSE and EXTRA RINSE buttons the acoustic the following selecting the and the options; the of the when incorrect option selection
PM The shows the following information: If the the RESET three flashing appear immediately the ON/OFF to that the ready to selected the Duration of the selected the of the recommended each type of the finished, flashing displayed. the The selected shown the and updated every Incorrect option selection. If option which with the selected, the displayed. indicating the selecting the the lights to the phases the the started, the phase light the finished, the END light If the CLEAN FILTER light flashes the of the this that the clogged. The END light flashes the of operating At the of the following lights to flash: RINSE HOLD the RINSE the WASH the closed To the the Something section. of the
PM of the To or which the to the RESET three flashing played, the The the the To DRAIN If to another the the the previously selected and then START/PAUSE the the You the the to PAUSE, the following the the heating phase 55C; the of the high; the If these when the the Should to the and should absolutely to switch the off the ON/OFF ton. the to the and of the the the and the ON/OFF the the from the where interrupted.
PM Compartment prewash or and The prewash or the of the The the STAIN-Action phase the Compartment or It the of the Compartment additives It the The of additives the MAX the the first first that 60C, without the to from the and of the and the of the
PM the Sorting and the Sort the to type of and of and Empty To the from and to pillowcases and covers and such as those of Turn faced items Turn coloured and with and items tights) or closed with or Treat with or or them or responsibility of Whites and coloureds white items their whiteness. New coloured often to them the first and items together; this the and the distributed them the each
PM of Bathrobes Work covers Tea Shirts Pillowcases Night-gowns/Pyjamas Tablecloths of and The to the The should to the type of and the instructions indicated indicated and with this high and with this and washed 60C. with these therefore the these Synthetics (Easy-cares) and synthetic with these and they therefore washed the Sort of the
PM the synthetics or with these treatment. The DELICATES this type of and items such as or with this ticularly to The WOOLLENS this type of If the the the washed!
PM and additives Which To the from to the right and recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to clean- and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which Fairy. cleaning and COLOUREDS coloured items should which to while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and other LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and coloureds. STAIN REMOVER heavily to washed with STAIN- Action, should such as VANISH In-Wash, and GloWhite the
PM the which Not there of they Whether chose or or own choice. TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the measured the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce easy-cares and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce sheets the conditioning sheets to of and the
PM to easy and the the the the item as as the and the the If to SOAK or STAIN-Action or the STAIN-Action STAIN the without exceeding the MAX the gently, Switching the To switch the the ON/OFF the tor the RESET three flashing displayed. If the the of that displayed.
PM to Selection of the Turn the to the the lights to the phases the selected light The shows the of the Selection of the SPIN SPEED or NO SPIN option To the the SPIN SPEED the light selecting the NO SPIN option the phases Selection of the STAIN, PREWASH or QUICK WASH option the of of the and the type of The light Selection of the RINSE HOLD and/or EXTRA RINSE option The light(s) Selection of the DELAY START option To of the DELAY START the The to the selected played about seconds, which the of the selected appear the the START/PAUSE pressed, the selected appear the and the its countdown.
PM Starting the To the selected the START/PAUSE the light flashing. The light to the phase which illuminated. If the option selected, the its countdown, hours, which appear the this to other the START/ PAUSE the the the and the START/ PAUSE At the of the The and flashing displayed. The END light If the RINSE HOLD option selected, the light the to that the the The light of the START/PAUSE flashes and played. At the of the flashing played. Turn the to RESET. Switch the off the ON/OFF the from the that the as to items. the the to the formation of and to
PM chart White Whites ECONOMY COLD Coloured COLD Easy-cares COLD with EC the indicated the to the 60C The shown this chart to as only, as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Additional functions and household towels. STAIN QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED STAIN PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED and normally to lightly sheets and household STAIN QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED Coloured or shirts, towels. STAIN QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED NO SPIN Synthetic coloured shirts, STAIN QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED NO SPIN Wool, and to handwashed. RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED NO SPIN Water Duration
PM chart of Heavily This washed to starched or emptying the with the option. Lightly The shown this chart to as only, as the and type of the and the Additional phases 30C. Stop with To empty: the START/PAUSE The matically hours. EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED with additive. RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED with additive. The 30C Short RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED the which Water Duration
PM Cleaning and each At the of the the to the to allow to If the prolonged the and the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of (such as cleaning Clean the of the with and only. with and or products to the while, and the Clean the from to To the from the the the corner.
PM To cleaning, the top of the the recess: clean with tooth- the cleaning. to there or the the and them. The collects threads and the that the clean. the and of the the Clean the then screwing Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Cleaning and
PM Cleaning and Unscrew the hose from the To this the yellow the hose first. Clean the with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the or clogged), as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled; the the hose the and the Should to to the hose because, the built the slightly the the to the slowly. At the screw the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the hose and the hose the Select the DRAIN and it the Turn the to RESET. the from the Screw the hose back and the hose back its this, the and to the the that the 0C.
PM Something If the the whistling from the tional this to type of If the this to the of that than Troubleshooting If to following the instructions below. If when of the following or to to incorrect the call-out within the operation the following displayed: E10: with the supply (phase light RINSE HOLD E20: with (phase light RINSES E40: (phase light WASH Once the the START/PAUSE to the If the AEG Service Force The The ON/OFF the depressed. The the blown. The properly the the closed (E40) of the should heard. The connected the or or the the the The START/PAUSE Press the pressed. The DELAY START the selected option selected. the
PM Something The The then immediately The and/or There the The closed (E10) the The hose the whole of the or (E10) hose and the The of the Clean the hose (E10) The properly the closed (E40) The of the hose the hose the right too height section). The hose the whole of or (E20) the hose and the The or the Clean the or hose (E20) the The RINSE HOLD option Empty the with the START/PAUSE selected. or selecting the DRAIN The NO SPIN option selected to The Redistribute the distributed the manually the Too Measure used. to the instructions. that too One of the that the hose the hose screwed both The screw the properly screwed cleaning.
PM The or The The that the as the section. The the There Correct of the the affected. The the of the and the the The the the of the the The heating the the of the heating phase. Something
PM Something or the The If the that distributed the the of the the this and to redistribute of when the distributed the the distributed. If, about the the Therefore, the the of the to redistribute manually the and to the
PM Unsatisfactory If the and found the Too used. used. Stubborn treated to The correctly selected. If the with ointments, grease or washed with amount of The selected the too the type with the these immediately and the often the the completely White the This to and therefore the of or the to them. the choice of Something
PM Technical with weight Water This with the following EC 73/23/EEC of including EEC 89/336/EEC of Directive.
PM Service If carrying the there with please AEG Service Force should that the the Troubleshooting section as the charge the mechanical or Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. to Please type of telephoning. to know: and telephone 3.Clear and of the -What the the the and 4.The and of purchase.
PM This information found the rating these to recommed write them below. Customer AEG or further infor- mation AEG products please Customer the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded
PM Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the chase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the tricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG.
PM If should to another country within then with to to the following ifications: The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
PM Instructions and instructions the This heavy, should when the that If and the the Serious to the or the protective completely to the to this or to this or the that its supply If the that freely the and the The should comply with authority and build- Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Force
PM of the and Rear
PM and the ance. and the right-hand and the its to the hoses. This of the the and the the and off the bot- the screw. the right thene the tion the and thene the the screws with the the tic and the screw.
PM the upright and the from the back. the three spacers from the which the ted. the with the which the the instruction You to that they the to Positioning the that around the impeded it apply coating. to the of or the If to positioning the to or coal-burning covered with the facing the or the The where the below 0C. The hose and the hose Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. screwing the feet or or the to the
PM Water only) the hose to with thread. should comply with authority and building tions the hose correctly the positioning the to the to to supply. The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the A. Should this the off and to Service Force to the Water The hose should the the hose using the supplied. The should internal of approximately there the hose and that the top of the the hose than and than
PM The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose covered with If the hose from the to that the and the the U supplied. connecting the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the the of the and washers should connected to the FOUL the then to It that these ances connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority.
PM WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or and yellow. the to the the which with the N or the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded to the incorporates BS1363/A ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from AEG Service The easily the
PM the of that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth This operation should
PM Building-in This to built the The should the shown A. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the counter- with the ance, the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base. To mount the to the of the The the fixing The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the means of screws B) with the
PM Building-in Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thick- of the To the perfectly to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To ation of this to screw the the of the Its to the the D). If the to from to right, invert the of the the and the plate and E). Mount the and the as previously the screw should and E). the and of when the integrated to Where the mounting the The to the should and
PM If to to the height required, that of and screwed to the of the F). four fixing the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The the this to allow of to ted front of the the firmly to the four countersunk screws H). With the four the and clearance of approximately the top of the and the of the top. should with the with this the further to the of W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from Building-in
PM AEG D-90327 to without From the Group. The worlds choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the world.