LAVAMAT ELECTRONIC information
Customer, Please this user information to the section "Safety" the first Info Please this information reference. to owners of the The warning and /or (Warning! information which or the functional reliability. It that this information This through the of the ance. Next to this information and using the and information and of the with the which this information information to these yourself. the section "What to Printed acting
Instructions Unit and Conditioners Option and the Sort and of and and Which and and Water instructions and closing the the the the Selecting the function Starting the the the
Cleaning and What to Remedying If the satisfactory Carrying Additional +/RINSE+) Child and instructions Precautions of the Transporting the the
Water Water inflow Water heads Technical Warranty Customer service Service
Instructions Instructions The aspects of AEG comply with technical and the Appliance as it as responsibility to inform about the following instructions. the First to the and further this information. If the winter months the hours it operation. Correct The If the or the Additions or to the strictly to reasons. which to the instructions. The bear this when the dry-cleaning. the the of these products. from the or service the DIN and DIN covered the warranty! If the to frost emptying there of frost the Section "Carry-
of Children and Infirm of suffocation! from The children or infirm without Children Therefore, that they properly operation and allow to with the -there that they themselves that children or the of the the off the and of the and This that children themselves and to the specialists. Incorrect repairs to the If repairs necessary, service or the the or the or that the of the openly Switch off the carrying cleaning, and the of the or, permanently connected, switch off the the household or completely the screw-in If operation stopped, the from the and off the the to the from the the couplings and used. There of fire with overheating! the with of shock! The the becomes the of with high Instructions
Instructions Allow the to cool carrying emptying or cleaning the the and hoses. of shock and of from the of the of the of correctly. and with internationally ations: >PE< >PS< cushion CFC-free) >POM< from and should the recycling. of of operation please to recycling or to
pre-wash the of which excessively This and (and the If the indicated of, the loads, to third of the recommended and amounts of to You then slightly to normally with the There often the it once! If become and without the of to high to upwards, and should The then Instructions
Instructions Unit and Screw (height-adjustable) and Conditioners and plate front of Pre-wash In-wash products or finishers, starch)
options The to the of and the to the type of (OFF) Switches the off other the To selected the to OFF. This the (COTTONS/LINEN) Cottons/Coloureds from C to C. (EASY-CARES) easy-care from C to C. HOLD START/PAUSE DOOR light Instructions
Instructions (DELICATES) C or 40C. (WOOL)/ (SILK) (Handwash) or C) or items and carrying the (Handwash). (GENTLE RINSE) to hand-washed items from (DRAIN) of the (without The of o that the to the without (SPIN) of the and or hand-washed ECO (ENERGY SAVING) and C lightly to normally Cottons/Coloureds with combined with the /QUICK option). Option The option buttons to the to the of of the The options normally The functions combined together, the (PRE-WASH) pre-wash the which automatically; the (COTTONS/LINEN) and (EASY CARES) intermediate the (DELICATES) (STAIN) heavily or In-wash treatment products washed the as the Can selected with of C and as treatment only effective higher
(QUICK) lightly With the (WOOL)/ (SILK) (Handwash) the option buttons used. that and The following the selected The however, helpful household (COTTONS/LINEN) ECO (ENERGY SAVING) (COTTONS/LINEN) (EASY-CARES) (DELICATES) (WOOL)/ (SILK) (Handwash) testing with EN60 from the indicated type and of used, and option functions selected. Instructions Water
Instructions the First the slightly. about of through the the With the this the and the function correctly. the without /COTTONS/LINEN C, with the amount of This from the and Sort and Sort the to the and type and Empty To to the and and covers closed, of Turn with layered the of coloured and with and with attached: and items tights and cushion with or with or burred, or or Coloureds and white items washed together This white or There often coloured items. It to such items the first and items. This the and the favourably distributed the
the to the instruction and of and to choose the should type, and to their The indicated the the and items with this to or high The (COTTONS/LINEN) this type of and items with this to The (COTTONS/LINEN) this type of Easy-Cares such as and with these treatment. The (EASY- CARES) this type of such as synthetics, and with this treatment. The (DELICATES) this type of and and with these to The (WOOL)/ (SILK) (Handwash) this type of with the (Not should washed the Instructions
Instructions and Which and and which follow the instructions. and The amount to the of the the of the supply the of If the include instructions reduced loads, third and of the loads. to the instructions and Water to high II upwards), should to the instructions. Then the amount of The information the Since the the of the stated of shown the Water to II III IV than than Water Water
instructions consists of the following the and the the the the and the options as required. the o (RINSE HOLD) as necessary. the the (START/PAUSE) the If the with (DRAIN) or (SPIN) the the and the The the (DOOR) light off and the (END) light To switch off the the to (OFF). Instructions
Instructions and closing the To the the To the the switched the (DOOR) light and the (START/PAUSE) light whether the to high or high If the (END) light flashes there to without closing the properly. If this the and the the the the "Sort and information correctly the Sort and the to type. the the of the with closing the items of This and the the securely. (START/PAUSE) Can the (DOOR) flashes flashes about off flashes
instructions concerning and conditioners, Section and conditioners. the the the as to to the and the the Compartment (If and the right-hand the pre-wash/soaking the to the with the Compartment finishers, starch) the the MAX If to the MAX starches. amount of the and Compartment Pre-wash or in-wash treatment products the PRE-WASH or STAIN options only) or the If or using the the Follow the instructions the Instructions
Instructions the the and options type of the and with the selector. If required, the option(s): The of the selected option To the selection, another To selection, the
the Selecting the function If the the or o (RINSE HOLD): to the o (RINSE HOLD) the (or o /RINSE HOLD) If the the with the (COTTONS/ LINEN) and ECO (ENERGY SAVING), and with the other If the o (RINSE HOLD) the the and If of the the matically to the (COTTONS/LINEN) ECO (ENERGY SAVING) (EASY-CARES) (DELICATES) (WOOL)/ (SILK) (Handwash) The the the selected and the that the To the the (START/ PAUSE) button. The If (END) flashes when the (START/ PAUSE) pressed, the closed properly. this the firmly, and (START/PAUSE) Instructions
Instructions to the the chosen the the the displayed. the or the Press the (START/PAUSE) Turn the to (OFF). The another required. the to (DRAIN) or (SPIN) and the (START/PAUSE) (The or the The temporarily the (START/PAUSE) It then the the turned to (OFF). Selecting option The options (QUICK) or (STAIN) selected the started. Press the (START/PAUSE) Press the (QUICK) or (STAIN) Press the (START/PAUSE) The the The or o (RINSE HOLD) while the Press the (START/PAUSE) the with the Speed/ o (RINSE HOLD) Press the (START/PAUSE) The
the Once to (END) the If o (RINSE HOLD) selected, the lights (DOOR) and (END) the first Either turn the to (OFF), then to (DRAIN) and the (START/PAUSE) (the without or the to (OFF), then to (SPIN) and the (START/PAUSE) (the and the The the this of the completed, the (END) light the The the (DOOR) light off and the (END) light the Turn the to (OFF). the the completed, the slightly, to allow to the slightly to the of the If the the and the from the electricity Instructions
Instructions The the those to selected (COTTONS/LINEN) Cottons/Coloureds (COTTONS/LINEN) Coloureds to Easy-cares (Handwash) The amount operates with the EN around of clothes testing with or of EN and IEC the chapter and of least C the STAIN to treatment products effective. of C] ECO (ENERGY SAVING) (EASY-CARES) to (or (DELICATES (WOOL)/ (SILK) COLD, options (PRE-WASH) or (STAIN) (QUICK) (PRE-WASH) or (STAIN) (PRE-WASH) or (STAIN) (QUICK) (PRE-WASH) or (STAIN) (QUICK) (PRE-WASH) (QUICK)
Cottons/Coloureds Easy-Cares/Delicates Reduced Cottons/Coloureds Easy-Cares (Handwash) Reduced of of Instructions (GENTLE RINSE) (SPIN)
Instructions Cleaning and cleaning or cleaning to and with cloth. The should cleaned from to the as as the sharply. the of the Clean the Clean the with from the It to the as as that securely
to clean the section of the the the top of the chamber. the the and The of Rusting the the clean the with containing scouring containing or or Customer Service the cleaning to or or the the and Instructions
Instructions What to Remedying the of try to the with the of the information If Customer Service to with of the or to operating the service technician's free of charge, the warranty The The closed. The (END) flashes The (END) flashes once. The (END) flashes The the The house blown. the The closed The (START/PAUSE) enough. The child The closed the The closed. the The the of the hose Water with or The clicked rectly. the There should click. Press and the (START/PAUSE) the Release Section "Child the properly. the the the hose from the the and clean the and repaired necessary. First the to (OFF), then the to the
The when operating, or foaming the Water of the the with The There the Water the hose or the too The screw of the hose the hose and The hose necessary. The cover the correctly. correctly closed. caught the The emptying hose correctly closed or The the correctly attached or Instructions the as the and instructions. the to the and tion instructions. This the tion of the the hose and or the and from the hous- It to reduce the amount of used. Follow the Tighten the hose screw Stop the the caught the the the empty- hose Section "Carry Service Force the tying hose Clean the and the correctly.
Instructions The as as thoroughly the The (END) flashes The when the (START/ PAUSE) and (DOOR) lights lights off). The to distributed the to The hose the The height (outlet height from the of the exceeded. The attachments: Clean the the locked to high or high The caused blown house or supply the house. reasons, the around the as as with of and items. Service Force heights as cessory. Switch off the and the Clean the the the (DOOR) light off and the (END) light If to the immediately, Turn the to (OFF); then to (DRAIN). Press the (START/PAUSE) button. the the The when restored. If to Turn the to (OFF). Carry emptying Section "Carry about the the
of building the The tion the light The the The hose the coupling of the hose the The with high The selected tion combined with the Instructions the Unscrew the hose from the and from the Clean the This effects necessary. another selection.
Instructions If the satisfactory If the turned and the then Too used. The used. pre-treated. or correctly. If used, the the If there the washing, with grease or washed with too Too that that reached the such and the concerned If the of the the the sufficiently rinsed. If there white the These of They the of or the should the choice of and necessary
Carrying If the off the If the where there of frost, there of frost. the hose the and the Empty the Warning! Switch off the and the The from the hose There of scalding! Allow the to cool collecting to the which off. the the right section of the outwards and off. the hose from its the the the of the hose turning anticlock- and The the amount of to the collecting To this, the hose temporarily with the Instructions
Instructions the completely the securely the hose and clockwise to the hose its the and The maintainance-free. The cover of the to the of malfunction when the the please that there the or the items to washed. which their the with the the housing protected the To the when please as follows: Warning! Switch off the and the cleaning the First emptying section Carrying cloth the front of the cover of the Unscrew the cover anti-clockwise motion and and from the housing and from the
that to the the of the housing. (If the wheel rotates with motion, this If turn the please service. the cover. Laterally the the cover the and securely screw the cover clockwise motion. the emptying hose and the the Instructions
Instructions Additional +/RINSE+) The people who from to helpful to with If (RINSE+) selected, to the (COTTONS/LINEN), (EASY-CARES) and (DELICATES) the To the Turn the to (COTTONS/LINEN), (EASY- CARES) or (DELICATES) Press and (PRE WASH) and (QUICK) the least seconds. On the the (RINSE) and (RINSE+) lights The It The and To the Turn the to (COTTONS/LINEN), (EASY- CARES) or (DELICATES) Press and (PRE WASH) and (QUICK) the least seconds. (RINSE+) off the The
Child If the child the closed and started. the child to the the of the clockwise as as Warning! The otherwise the child active. The as shown the the child Turn the anticlockwise as as Instructions
and instructions and instructions the its front or its right from the front). the the of please that of the and that the splash protected, the or neighbouring when the correctly earthed the of only authorised the operation, that the and type shown the rating plate with those the where the installed. The rating found the rating Should the supply installations to allow the to properly to the supply, this authorised Should the supply to allow the to connected properly to the electricity supply, this authorised The the service or authorised
of the with Transporting the the its front or its right from the the without the the the the location. Transporting the without the the neither the base. the with trolley: the the It to the the operation. of the both hose the and the hoses and both hose off the with and instructions
and instructions The (A) and the (B) each) and (C) each) with the screw D, including the with the A. Cover the with the C. the they the securely. the screws (E) with the (A). the screws (F). the (G). Screw the screws (F) back the with the (B). the they the securely.
the The clean and free of and other greasy coatings that the as high-veil or with recommended the of the then with small-format Minor of the should of or rather should the screw If, reasons, to the rectly to or coal-fired cooker: thermal insulation the and which the the The where there of frost. feed and or If the base, reasons to plates which the The plates from Customer Service the Where the the of with boards, securely screw least thick least If the the of as the optimally strained there and therefore least to to brations. and instructions
and instructions and the height rected with the four screw The height the To the the the the the head of the threa- foot as as it the screw that the and The when loaded. If necessary, the with Minor of the should of or rather should the
of the type and found the rating The plate located the top the within the which allow of the from the with of least include (threaded from the ground and only authorised This with the following EC The Directive" 72/23/EU with The "EMC Directive" 89/336/EU with Water The which of the and which to the of the authorities Germany: DVGW This that protective the necessary. Units to connected to only hose the The least If than If than Unscrew the hose the the and the (to this, the with pointed and the washer the and instructions
and instructions Water inflow hose of supplied. If inflow hose required, of hoses with hose screw offered Customer Service Hose of and without Hose of and with to the hoses! the of the hose screw or the other the hose with the to the the hose cally instead to the right or as shown the Tighten the hose screw tion hand. the hose with the straight to with screw thread (inches). the screw manually. the the operation, that the of
Water The hose connected to or or or bath hoses the and then to high). Customer Service hoses of and It to the hose without Water The the hose fits types. the the and with hose Water Water overflow! The of the hose the pumped-out the back the or the hose with the attachable to The back- force of the otherwise force the hose of the the to the or the of heads To off the which to height of the age from the Please Customer Service heads of and instructions
Technical of rating plate Water
Warranty Customer service Ausland Further service overseas these countries AEG Please further service as AEG AEG. U.A.E. P.O. East P.O. Warranty Customer service Household P.O. EURO-LINE Appliances PARK L6H 5V1 ITC International White House Building Mountbatte Street World P.O. Street
Warranty Customer service ANDI-Co Town VIC A.A. Sons P.O. E.O.O.D. Sofia Sons P.O. Service Telephones: Paphos EE0006 Services Castle N.T. (South) Core Incorp. 3/F Croatia D.O.O. P.O. Assaferi P.O. Street AEG NAMIBIA (PTY) LIM- Street Northern New New Symonds Street N.C. B.P. P.O.
Electricity Services-Evis LTD. Appliances Warehouse Building Thailand OLYMPIA KFT (AEG Warranty Customer service 49A/B, S.R.O. USA ANDI Appl. Inc. East Edison, New Corporation P.O. Street P.O. D.O.O. South Africa AEG P.O. P.O.
C the the Child Coloureds Customer Service Easy-cares Emergency Handwash treatment the Pre-wash of frost Warranty coloureds lightly normally Water Wool
Service the chapter "What to which yourself. there first If information there, please Customer Service. (You the and telephone the section "Customer Service the the and the whether service necessary. the PNC and S. You both the rating the of the of PNC S. as precisely as What the what the the warranty If the with the of the the section "What to If the service the information his and These phone as Service
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without