LAVAMAT information
Customer, Please this instruction the Please the instructions the first of this instruction the instruction reference, and to owners. The and or Warning! information that or the tion of the highlighted. It that this information This through the operation of the This information and the and information about the and of the with the clover the of malfunction, these operating instructions information to these yourself. the section "What to Printed acting
CONTENTS Instructions of the Appliance Selector Selector Option ON/OFF and the First Sorting and and and Conditioners Which and and Water instructions Loading the the the Speed/Selecting Starting the the complete/Removing
Conditioning/Starching and Cleaning Cleaning the What to Trouble Shooting If the satisfactory Carrying emptying Child and instructions of the Transporting the Installation-Site the Appliance
Water Water Hose Water head of than Technical Warranty Service
Instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The of AEG comply with technical and the Appliance as to inform about the following information. to the and Instructions" this instruction If the the winter months and below the hours operation. The only If the other or incorrectly operated, the which It to the specifications or to this which and follow the of the which with should washed. bear this when cleaned the dry-cleaning. and bleaching specifically the of these products. This connected to the supply only. to frost covered the If the located which below emptying "carrying
Child There of suffocation! from This to operated allow to with the or with the and known to Please the of the off the and the the to Repairs to Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force the the or the top or allowing to Switch off the and isolate from the supply carrying cleaning or the to the from the the and used. There of overheating! the with There of shock! high the of the become Allow the to cool cleaning the carry- emptying or the emergency. and hoses. This to the of shock and to the ance and property. from the Instructions
Instructions of the correctly. and of without to the and as follows: the outer covering and the >PE< the interior. >PS< CFC-free) >POM< from and should the recycling. of the off the and the the catch to becoming authorised To and and to the that follow these pre-wash normally It to loads. loads, reduce the to thirds. and then the when light to normally areas, the of reduce the amount of necessary.
of the Appliance Screw (height-adjustable) and Instructions plate front of Pre-wash starch)
Instructions Selector ON/OFF with speed/RINSE HOLD light STAIN Selector The the type of of to the type of to washed. the clockwise COTTONS/LINEN PRE WASH Pre to of C). The follows immediately MAIN WASH to C). QUICK WASH SOAKING
RINSE or hand- washed The the and CONDITIONER conditioning, starching or finishing flushed from the followed or SPIN or handwashed EASY-CARES PRE WASH Pre easy-care to of C). The follows automatically. EASY-CARES easy-care to C). RINSE followed or hand- washed CONDITIONER conditioning, starching or finishing easy-care flushed from the or SPIN or handwashed and WOOL/DELICATES WOOL and to C). DELICATES to C). Instructions
Instructions GENTLE RINSE followed or hand-washed or CONDITIONER conditioning or washed from the or Water without Selector The following COLD, E, C. lightly or normally the C) instead of C. Option The option buttons to the to the of of the options normally The with the COTTONS/ LINEN and EASY-CARES SOAKING to of C. SOAKING with PRE WASH (COTTONS/LINEN); PRE WASH (EASY-CARES At the of the the the release the SOAKING The COTTONS/LINEN or EASY-CARES follow.
STAIN with heavily or (in-wash treatment the the of the STAIN with the PRE WASH (COTTONS/LINEN); PRE WASH (EASY-CARES MAIN WASH; EASY-CARES. QUICK WASH Shorter lightly QUICK WASH with the MAIN WASH; EASY-CARES. ON/OFF Pressing the ON/OFF switches the and the selected Pressing the button switches the off. Instructions
Instructions and The the following selected They operation the COTTONS/LINEN MAIN WASH COTTONS/LINEN MAIN WASH COTTONS/LINEN MAIN WASH EASY-CARES DELICATES WOOL The selected tested with EN The however, the following: type and the used, fluctuations the and the selected the First the slightly. about of through the the The the closed and the OKO function correctly. without MAIN WASH C; the of recommended the This from the and which Water Selector Selector
Sorting and Sort to the and type and Empty to bunching of and to covers and and such as from Turn with layered Coloured, as as and with should turned and items tights and or with or burred, or or coloured and white together. This white or New, coloured often these arately the first and items of This and the distributed the the the such as separately and Instructions
Instructions and The choose the should to type and The indicated the from and with this with- actions and high The COTTONS/ LINEN this type of from and which this withstand The COTTONS/LINEN this type of Easy-care such as treated and thetics which this action. The EASY-CARES this type of such as those with layered synthetics, as as with this The DELICATES this type of and such as and which these The WOOL this type of with (Handwash) or washed
and Conditioners Which and and which follow the instructions. and The the of of the the of the the amount of Should the specify the than loads, reduce the accordingly: reduce the reduce the the instructions and the and Water to high II upwards) used. to the instructions. Then the amount of Water Authority the of the Water soft to II III IV greater than Greater than Water of Instructions Water
Instructions instructions consists of the following the and the the the the the selector; the the selector; options required. If necessary, the or RINSE HOLD. You this and the the Press the ON/OFF light The switched The the If the with PUMP OUT or SPIN the reasons, the the of the the and the washing. Press the ON/OFF The light The switched off. Loading the loads. information about the of the "Sort and Sort and the to type. the the the the when closing the The and the the firmly.
instructions concerning and section and the as as Compartment in-wash treatment (only STAIN) Compartment only) and (If using to the Compartment (Conditioner, finisher, starch) the the MAX to the MAX and starch Compartment pre-wash PRE WASH or SOAKING the If the to or Follow the instructions the Instructions
Instructions the and options to the type of the clockwise the to the the to the options required: SOAKING with the PRE WASH (from COTTONS/LINEN group); PRE WASH (from EASY-CARES group). STAIN with the PRE WASH (from COTTONS/LINEN PRE WASH (from EASY-CARES group). MAIN WASH; EASY-CARES. QUICK WASH with the MAIN WASH; EASY-CARES.
the Speed/Selecting If the the or RINSE HOLD: Turn the to the or to RINSE HOLD. If RINSE HOLD selected, the the It If the too high the selected the automatically: COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES DELICATES WOOL The of the intermediate the selected and Starting the that the Press ON/OFF button. The light The switched The Instructions
Instructions The It clockwise as the showing the of the that currently The which the the Whilst the the RINSE HOLD. To first the that and then the Press ON/OFF The light Turn the clockwise to PUMP OUT or to SPIN. Press ON/OFF The light Water or and the then
complete/Removing normally with the If SOAKING selected: Release the SOAKING COTTONS/LINEN or EASY- CARES If RINSE HOLD selected: The first or the Either the to the and the to the that the the or the clockwise to PUMP OUT without or the clockwise to SPIN and the the the the Once the completed: reasons, the the of the the the Press ON/OFF The light The switched off. Turn off the the slightly to allow to the that the If the to the and the from the electricity Instructions
Instructions Not below, those which and meaningful of Easy-cares approximately of with the the machine-washable. This of however, to recommended that the this instruction (or WOOL COLD to Selector SOAKING PRE WASH to STAIN STAIN MAIN WASH to QUICK WASH PRE WASH STAIN MAIN WASH QUICK WASH SOAKING PRE WASH to STAIN STAIN MAIN WASH to QUICK WASH SOAKING PRE WASH to STAIN STAIN EASY-CARES to QUICK WASH DELICATES COLD to Selector SOAKING STAIN
of Selector RINSE Easy-cares RINSE Conditioning/Starching of Selector CONDITIONER Easy-cares CONDITIONER of Selector SPIN Easy-cares SPIN Instructions GENTLE RINSE CONDITIONER
Instructions and Cleaning household or cleaners to and operating the operating with cloth. The should cleaned from to the as as the sharply. the of the Clean the Clean the with It to the as as that securely
to clean the of the the the top of the the the and The from the which to the the with containing scouring containing or or AEG Service Force the cleaning With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of to there or the the and them. Instructions
Instructions Cleaning the and the with the and the casing. and of gather these items and the Therefore the should cleaned least once Warning! Switch off the and the cleaning the First emptying section "Carrying the front of the cover of the Unscrew the cover clockwise and from the housing. the cover. the the cover laterally the and screw the cover securely clock- the emptying hose and the the
What to Trouble Shooting to rectify the with the of the instructions If to or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the The The child closed. The foaming the The the The house the The closed rectly. The correctly closed. Water closed. the screw of the hose too Instructions the The the child the section Child the The the Unscrew the hose from the the and clean It to reduce the amount of used. Follow the
Instructions The tion or Water from the The there the The The There the The because the hose or the The screw the hose the hose and The hose it necessary. The cover cover correctly. correctly closed. caught the The emptying hose correctly sealed or RINSE HOLD RINSE HOLD. selected. fin- ished. to the and instructions. the to the and tion instructions. This the function. the hose and necessary, or the and, required, from the hous- the hose screw the and the caught the the the empty- hose correctly tion Carrying Emergency AEG Service Force the emptying hose Release SOAKING
washed with heavily creased properly. Water the of building the The The correctly the or too the hose the head height from the base) exceeded. Water the The hose the coupling hose the The with high Instructions Clean the and the securely. to the the of easy-care the EASY IRON Service Force as accessory. Switch off the and the Clean the the Unscrew the hose from the and from the Clean the the necessary. or the of the
Instructions If the satisfactory If the greyish and the Incorrect used. pre-treated. or correctly. If using the the If there the with ointments, grease or washed with The selected the too that with the these of as as and the If the the the sufficiently rinsed. If there white the These of They the of the or off. Turn the choice of and
Carrying emptying If the the emptying If the located which below might emptying Furthermore: the hose from the and off the Empty the hose. Warning! Switch off the and the to Warning! The which flows of the emptying hose allow the to cool the to catch the the the right of the outwards and off. the emptying hose from its the the the of the tying hose turning anticlockwise and The the amount of to the collecting To this, the emptying hose temporarily with the the from the the emptying hose and the from the Instructions
Instructions the completely the securely the emptying hose and clockwise to the emptying hose its the and Child If the child the closed and started. the child to the the of the clock- as as Warning! The otherwise the child active. The as shown the the child Turn the anticlockwise as as
INSTALLATION AND CONNECTION INSTRUCTIONS the its front or its right from the front). This to the of the becoming inspect the the it and of to serious to the or property. the correctly earthed to this should or that the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating to this should or and instructions
and instructions of the Transporting the the its front or its right from the front). This to the of the becoming the without the and the the the location. Transporting the without the the the the with trolley: the the only. It to the the operation. of the both hose the and the hoses and both hose off the with
The (E) and the (D) each) and (G) each) with the screws (A) with the the screws (B). the (C). Screw the screws (B) back the with the (D). the they the securely. the screw F, including the and washer, with the E. the with the G. the they the securely. and instructions
and instructions Installation-Site The clean, and Minor of the should of or should the screw If the to heat cooking ance), heat the and the heat the locations where the below Please that when the easily the the of to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the
the Appliance and the height rected with the four screw The height of To the the supplied. the the head of the threaded foot as as the screw that the and that the or of or To the the and instructions
and instructions to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Cord
WARNING! off serious (shock) that the off of the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth This with the following EU EEC February include Notice EEC EMC EEC including Notice EEC. This with the the EEC Directive AC: rating rating further information. This VDE regulations of electricity authorities This conforms to EEC Directive 82/499/EWG interference. WARNING! Repairs to trained repairs to serious the and instructions
and instructions Water The with back- of the supply and with authority This to permanently plumbed supply. the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the Appliances connecting to connected to hose the Water The to within the following If than If than Unscrew the hose from the the and the flow (to this, the with and the washer the the
Hose hose of supplied. If inflow hose VDE-approved, of hoses with hose screw from AEG Service Force Hose of and without Hose of and with to the hoses! the of the hose screw or the other the hose with the to the the hose cally instead to the right or as shown the the hose screw hand. the hose with the straight to with screw thread (inches) the screw hand. the the operation, that the of and instructions
and instructions Water The hose should the the hose using the supplied. The should internal of there the hose and It to the hose without that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose covered with hoses of and from AEG Service Force
If the hose from the to that the and the hose the supplied. The of the hose the pumped-out the back the head of than Every includes the of and which through the outlet hose to height of measured from the which the heads of than please AEG Service Force and instructions
and instructions Technical Height the of rating plate Water
WARRANTY CONDITIONS Great Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light glassware or plastic, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the home, of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Warranty
INDEX C Child Circulation Customer Service Easy-cares Emergency emptying In-wash treatment OKO the Pre-wash plate of frost Service Warranty coloureds heavily lightly Water
SERVICE SPARE PARTS If carrying the there with please AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Please type of telephoning. to and telephone Clear and of the What the the The and of purchase. This information found the rating these to write them below. PNC S-No. Customer AEG or further infor- mation AEG products please or telephone the below or www.aeghome.co.uk Customer AEG Appliances High Slough, SL1 1DZ to this recorded Service
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG