LAVAMAT ELECTRONIC The that to the instructions
Customer, Please this Instructions with If or to to include the It inform the about to and about instructions of operations and Information about protection of the This that protects the It enough to think about the action necessary.
CONTENTS instructions.............................................................. Protection of the and Products.............................................................................................................. International of to Cleaning and Troubleshooting............................................................................................... and instructions instructions the
and the Water Technical characteristics and service..........................................
USER'S INSTRUCTIONS These written and the of others. the first the and instructions below. This that touch or with Unpack immediately when or to its appearance. If write them the and of or or other than the which or to the characteristics of this This the and off the supply when finished the that Follow the instructions the attached to each to with whalebones, without or torn to broaches, screws, clothes the This type of item serious the the cleaned them containing If this type of the the
instructions items such as together cloth or that they the and the the cover and the when to the and the formation of and the cleaning and servicing the Follow the the of these products. If the location to frost, completely the and the supply and the of the of these of reach of that the of the the supply the the or the that the of the with the cover from closing when the It to the closed. from the cover while the and about the of the protects the of mechanical or or heating the the This effective when the supply off or to the supply
The to the with intermediate the and three white and The the of the the finished. If necessary, the The weight protection this the or the and therefore of or It then this The positionning this that the the when the finishes. This allows and of the If the functionning, the hand. instructions
instructions Protection of the with the them this services) that they recovered and Plastics as follows: >PE< the surrounding cover and containing the >PS< practically free of HCFC. from and therefore should that the following instructions should to and and therefore to protecting the rather than (however the with prewash the amount of to the to the amount of and If that everything that of service; the supply with the and the from closing. of This the as function of the and of the If operating to the TROUBLESHOOTING section. If these verifications, should normally the Service of the which the If this or the which bought closed, please the Consumer Service which then inform of the of Service.
with or the additives crease overflow. the instructions the
instructions HOLD Additional It to the to the type and of It to the right or to the OFF This of the off the thanks to this option, which already selected. Another then selected. COTTONS/LINEN coloured or white from C to C. SYNTHETICS lightly from C to C.
EASY IRONING C clothes. Thanks to this clothes only light or DELICATES C or C. WOOL HANDWASH or C) and other carrying the RINSE DELICATE which instance, to and The and DRAIN of the (without The of the function that the to the without SPINNING of the and or ENERGY SAVING "E" normally white clothes around 60C, this and Furthermore, increases the and with the QUICK instructions
instructions Additional Additional to the to the It to these options as to normally The of the options the chosen these buttons pressed, the lights the lights extinguish. function with the selected the lights PREWASH Prewash C the which automatically. The prewash as as the white/coloureds, synthetics and of the the It to the prewash option with the and QUICK Shortened lightly This function the and This option of the Select the of hours which the to the repeatly.
and iT C TI IV C TI CIT RI CIL testing with EN the as and the supply and and electricity o o instructions
instructions the first the first to with the empty, as to the and the of the Select the WHITE COLOUREDS 95C Press the START/PAUSE Sorting and Sort to the and type and Empty to bunching of and to covers and and such as from Turn with layered Coloured, as as and with should turned and items tights and or with or burred, or or coloured and white together. This white or New, coloured often these the first and items of This efficiency and the distributed the the the such as separately and
of and to choose the should type, and to their The indicated the the that and with this They high and mechanical forces. The WHITE this type. Coloured and with this They high mechanical forces. The COLOUREDS this type of to such as finished based and synthetic with this mechanical treatment. The TEXTILE BLENDS this type of such as layered, micro-fiber, synthetic and with this treatment. The DELICATE this type of Wool and such as or with this to mechanical forces. The WOOLENS this type of clothes with the only the non-fluffing or and with the or washed the Follow the separately or instructions. instructions
instructions Products Choice of to their the amount of Comply with and instructions specified Proportioning The of to the amount of to washed, the of the and slightly the Increase slightly the or the or stained. You the of of the or other authority. the specially products If the proportioning directly the and choose without pre-wash. If to the proportioning You the directly, that pre-wash and immediately. 30C and 40C). It recommended that should higher from 60C to 90C. With this to the shown the the of the or concentrated). the specified the the inform too It recommended that should while to and It to electricity. o o II III VI o
International of bleach Bleach BLEACHING 30C 40C 60C 95C cleaning DRY CLEANING 110C 150C 200C IRONING and cleaning R111 R113 cleaning instructions Tumble On clothes High On the DRYING
instructions instructions consists of the following the and the the the and the the the and using the selector. options as the or the RINSE HOLD function as necessary. the the START/PAUSE If the with the DRAIN or the SPIN the the and the the The the DOOR light off and the END light To switch off the the to the OFF
and closing the To the To the the switched the DOOR light and the START/PAUSE light whether the /T o C o o o The to high If the END light flashes and acoustic it there to without closing the properly. If this the and the acoustic appear. Loading the loads. inforamtion about the of the "Sorting and Sort and the to type. the the the release the the (the released) and then the instructions
instructions instructions and conditioners, the "Products" section. additives crease starch) Warning! the MAX Prewash/Soak (PREWASH/SOAK*) If and the the prewash/soaking the to the with the If or using the the Follow the instructions the the
the Selecting selecting the and options type of Select the and with the selector. If required, the option(s): the of the selected option To the selection, another button. To selection, the the to the DELAYED START the displayed. To the the or to Press the the light the (or If selected, the to the without If the the to the COTTONS/LINEN ENERGY SAVING SYNTHETICS/EASY IRONING DELICATES WOOL The of the selected and instructions
instructions Additional (RINSE+) The people who from to their with If the RINSE+ option selected, to the COTTONS/LINEN, SYNTHETICS, EASY IRON, and DELICATES the To the Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, SYNTHETICS, EASY IRON, or DELICATES Press and the PREWASH and the DELAYED START the least seconds. On the and RINSE+ lights The the RINSE It The and To the Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, SYNTHETICS, EASY IRON, or DELICATES Press and the PREWASH and the DELAYED START the least seconds. The RINSE+ light off the The
the that the To the the START/PAUSE The If the END light flashes and acoustic when the START/PAUSE pressed, the properly closed. this the firmly, and the START/ PAUSE the acoustic appear. to the the chosen displayed the the the displayed. the or the Press the START/PAUSE Turn the to the OFF The another required. the to the DRAIN or SPIN and the START/PAUSE The temporarily the START/PAUSE It then the only the turned to the OFF Selecting option The option QUICK selected the started. Press the START/PAUSE Press the QUICK Press the START/PAUSE The instructions
instructions the The or the RINSE HOLD while the Press the START/PAUSE the with the HOLD Press the START/PAUSE The the Once the END light the If RINSE HOLD selected, the lights the and END lights DOOR the first Either the to the OFF then to the DRAIN and the START/PAUSE (the without or turn the to the OFF then to the SPIN and the START/PAUSE (the and the The the this of the completed, the END light the The the DOOR light off and the END light the Turn the to the OFF the the and the to the If the to the and the from the electricity
This include the and C o IV C o o C IL/S C C o CIL o o C testing with EN iT IL/S C o CIT RI instructions o o o
instructions type to Coloureds Wool type to Coloureds Wool
Cleaning and cleaning. from It to from the the amounts of If to specially that the the and of shown the each that the cover and each to the and the formation of and Clean the and around the scouring The Clean the and and Warning: or products, or with scouring The Clean the with and The the Press the each of the and upwards and You with using or twisted cloth that the the back of the the the back the clicks instructions
instructions The Clean the the of the regularly. If the the the to and then: to the with straight the To the to allow to to clean the Turn the the anti-clockwise and Clean with the back and screw the clockwise the Precautions frost If exposed than C, the following Switch off the and the the of this and this of the the ground. Select the Switch off the the the OFF the the and the this the remained the frost the of that the of the where located the than C.
Troubleshooting The of to operating to the below the service. Whilst the operating, appear. the of the the START/ PAUSE to the If the reappears or the disappeared, the service of o o o C o o o o o o o o o o o o o o C o o o o o o o o o C o o o o o o o o o o C o o o o o o instructions
instructions o o o C o o o o orp o o o o o C o art o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o C o o o o o o o o o o the acoustic appear. C rof o o o C o o o o o o o C o o o o o o o o C o tc o o o o o o
INSTALLATION AND CONNECTION INSTRUCTIONS instructions the If the house to that the Please the instructions the chapter to the that the This when from the to the or to of the protection the repairs to the
and instructions and
Warning! to internal of the the the first these and their to the outer from the backwards, of turn of its back corners to off the base. It from the cover and the that the and the the cover to and the spacers the back of the the (B) the attached to the to the that and to back the the and instructions
and instructions that these from the and them them If to with the the back of This about to depth. the
to electricity supply with with height of and that the or other the Warning when with that the of the the of the they The and the outlet to the and the supply the to frost. and the the screwing the screws or and of the operation. the screws the manually or screwdriver. to its the the of the from the right the the back its once the where and instructions
and instructions Information about the supply, the of the and the to the plate the back of the If the directly connected to the switch with of than This only connected to phase supply. that the subscribers and of carrying the the allowing other connected the of each phase): phase. The with with the force. outlet with earthing which connected to the force. If the supply to replaced, the the Service to that that the earthing with the force. or caused or earth.
Water The with that from flowing backwards the supply with tions. Therefore there to other protection the installation. Warning! to connected to with Allowable The than and than reducer the If the below the supply the the and the (to this, to the using and then washer Then the back This Water supply supply with the If to supply of with screw-on Service. Warning! of as the or with the with the other and instructions
and instructions the hose to with threaded the washer the hose If the or which it to off amount of the You the other of the the Unscrew the slightly, the of the as and the firmly. Water It to the to directly or or bath. as the of than and height of than Water The the of the connected to type of to the the Water the or the with the to from This forced of the the of the should You this fixing the to the or to the using the provided.
Technical characteristics height with height without Heating rating Water from to from to from to This with CEE concerning the of and CEE with and service Please AEG of the country directly. and instructions
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG From the Group. The world's choice. From the Group. The world's choice. From the Group. The choice. From the Group. The From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than around the