LAVAMAT information
Please this Information and to to this Information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning: Notes that Attention: Notes that to to the and hints information
Instructions of the the first and the the Switching the appliance/selecting the speed/Selecting Selecting the options EXTRA RINSE QUICK WASH PREWASH. STAIN the Starting of the cycle/Removing the Child Cleaning and What to Remedying malfunctions If the satisfactory Carrying
and instructions information the the Transporting the Removing the Where to the Connecting to the supply Water inflow. Water Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions to the first Follow the Instructions and If the the winter months when there the hours the first Correct The only the of home. Additions or to the ted. and additives that tic The of the cleaning. the the of these products this. Child from There of suffocation. Children often the associated with Dont allow children to the pervised. that and the of the Could life!
Repairs to the service the the or the top or plinth such that the of the freely Switch off the cleaning, and servicing. the of the or the of switch off the the or the screw completely. If operation the from the and off the the the the and used. This fire through overheating. the with of with high the the emptying of the cleaning the or the the cool the and hoses. of shock and of from the
of the plate Screw (height SPIN/RINSE HOLD DOOR option buttons DELAY TIMER START/PAUSE Plinth
ECO (ENERGY SAVING) (COTTONS/LINEN) (EASY-CARES) (EASY IRON) (DELICATES) (WOOL/SILK) (HANDWASH) (COLD) (GENTLE RINSE) (DRAIN) (SPIN) (REFRESH) of with or of EN and IEC the section Recommended however with somewhat reduced cleaning (STAIN) only selected with of 40C and as treatment products effective higher options (EXTRA RINSE) (QUICK WASH) (PRE WASH) (STAIN) (RINSE HOLD)
C lightly to normally whites/ coloureds of normally to heavily whites/coloureds of easy-care and synthetics. this to only lightly or which washes C easy-care which such as synthetics, to With (RINSE HOLD) with clothing. Particularly and washed from and or hand- C, through items such as slightly clothing that once or clothes. The the the Application/features:
the first the of through the the This the when the and the function properly. to from the and which the first without the (COTTONS/LINEN) (QUICK WASH), of and Empty covers to to the from or cover them with or and items or tights, and other items containing wires should The wires and the ance. Sorting white and coloured type of and with the
the the To the the the the switched the lights (DOOR) and (START/PAUSE) whether the light (DOOR) light (START/PAUSE) Can the and the and items. caught the and the Press the catch latch. and additives that and additives to the instructions of the and Follow the instructions the the washings of the of the the of of the supply. If the instructions loads: third only of the that recommended From upwards, should used. then to informa- tion about the flashes or off the (START/PAUSE) or off flashes or too high or too high
the as as the the the In-wash treatment/ the products to the of starch the If and the right-hand the pre-wash the to the the products to the of starch the the MAX thick to the instructions them the starches. If the the Switching the appliance/selecting the and the selecting switch the the The the that the selected the the of the appears. the pre-wash or
the speed/Selecting The the that the selected You reduce this Press the SPIN/ (RINSE HOLD) repeatedly, the lights The the the To this: Press the (START/PAUSE). the Press the (START/PAUSE) (RINSE HOLD) With (RINSE HOLD) the to the There the intermediate spin(s). Intermediate and Selecting the options If the tion button(s). The lights If flashing the the option lected combined with the With the ECO (ENERGY SAVING), (COTTONS/LINEN), (DELICATES), (EASY-CARES) and (EASY IRON) tional of items. EXTRA RINSE QUICK WASH
pre-wash the that follows automatically; with intermediate (COTTONS/LINEN) and (EASY-CARES), without (DELICATES). heavily or In-wash treatments washed the as the Can of 40C as effective the the (DELAY TIMER) the of to of hours Select the Press the (DELAY TIMER) repeatedly the shows the the to hours. The (DELAY TIMER) light If the showing and the the appear the of the that To the the (START/PAUSE). The to the of the continuously displayed Starting that the turned Press the (START/PAUSE). The or the If the (START/PAUSE) E40 flashes the the (END) flashes and the acoustic sounds the correctly the closed and the (START/PAUSE) PREWASH STAIN
The shows the that currently (Prewash) The shows the hours and the of the The increase or the as the to while type of amount of out-of-balance when the (START/PAUSE) and then the (START/PAUSE) To the the (OFF). there the to the It to as as the (DOOR) light Press the (START/PAUSE). The the and the (START/PAUSE) The of the cycle/Removing the the finished, (END) the The as as the (DOOR) the and the Turn the to (OFF). the
finished the to to the slightly that the If (RINSE HOLD) selected: Following (END) the The first off: Either the to (OFF), then to (DRAIN) and the (START/PAUSE) (the without the to (OFF) and then to (SPIN). the necessary, and the (START/ PAUSE) (the and the Child the child the closed. the child to the the of the clockwise rection as as Warning! The otherwise the child active. The as shown the Releasing the Turn the anti-clockwise as as
Cleaning and products or cleaners to clean the and with cloth. The should cleaned regularly. the firmly. the from the Clean with the as as that Clean of the the the top of the chamber, with the the and the to the or containing the with containing or or the with cleaning without to off cleaning (COTTONS/LINEN) the (QUICK WASH), of and whether or the of the or the of the Clean the the and the regularly.
What to Remedying malfunctions If of the of the following shown the E10 with inflow), E20 with outflow), E40 please the following the the (START/PAUSE). the of other and or Switch the off and then the Press the (START/PAUSE). If the appears please the Customer the The Child Release the closed. pressed, appears the E40 appears. (END) flashes the acoustic sounds E10 appears. (END) flashes the acoustic sounds with inflow) or there should properly. click. The (START/ PAUSE) enough. The selected function with the The closed erly. turned off. Turn the The the threaded hose Water with or the to Press the (START/PAUSE). Select another function. the properly. the Turn off the Unscrew the the and Check the and paired, necessary.
The when operating or Water from the excessively. At the of the the E20 appears. (END) flashes the acoustic sounds with outflow) additives with The the The screw rectly There the bathrobe). Screw the hose hose cover the cover properly. closed properly. the Emergency hose Probably too used. the height of exceeded. Clean the The the additives correctly attached or the as the and nection instructions. affected this. Screw the hose tightly. the off hose properly. Follow the instructions exactly when Please the Customer Switch off the Disconnect the Clean the from the housing. Clean the the firmly.
The when the switched heavily creased. If the satisfactory and the Too used. The right used. pre-treated. or correctly There the with grease or washed with too It washed too that the should as as and that when using the the The however sufficiently rinsed. There white the This to the They caused or the If the choice of with to locked. (DOOR) There off.) reasons, the to Possibly too loads. loaded. The when the To If the the first off the section Carrying
Carrying Warning! switch off the and the from the Warning! The that of the hose There of scalding. the cool the plinth and the shallow neath Then the turning anti-clockwise and The If to the than once, the hose with the while the the the hose and screw tight clockwise the hose back the the plinth and
The maintenance-free. It necessary to the cover there malfunction and the Please the that there the or caught the that the with the the housing that protects the wheel). Warning! the cover, switch off the and the from the First cloth the front of the cover. Unscrew the cover clockwise and and from the housing and from the whether the wheel right the back of the hous- turn. (It the wheel to If the wheel turned, please the Customer the cover. the the of the cover the and the turning clockwise off the hose and the plinth
The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning! finished with, the from the off the and and of them. the lock. This from themselves and their
Technical This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive Height when Height of Plate Water The They when operating ECO (ENERGY SAVING) The with the EN testing with or of EN and IEC from those the and of the and its the type and of washing, used, fluctuations and options selected. (COTTONS/LINEN) (COTTONS/LINEN) (EASY-CARES) (DELICATES) (WOOL/SILK/HANDWASH) Water
and instructions information the This built-in the first the while transported. that the of please the first of the when caused to the or to neighbouring or using the the first splash protection completed. the the correctly shockproof only trained to the the first that the rated and type of supply the rating plate match that of the where the to The rating to found the rating If the the of the to the supply, this plumber. If the electricity the of the to the electricity supply, this The only the Customer or
the the Warning! The heavy. of when the its front its right (as from the front). the without its the when the its of Transporting the without its to to the the the when the plinth. trolley: the trolley the of the the the ance the first of the the when the to house). At the back of the both hose and both hoses and both hose from the them
both and off) and C off) with the screw with its using A. Turn C as shown the Seal using C. Unscrew and screws A. Unscrew and four screws A. G. Screw the four screws the using B. Press off) and C off) firmly, that they (Splash tion). Where to The where there of frost. or impaired operation! covered the warranty. The which the to firm and the or
The which the to and and from coverings that that the If the location which the to with small-format the shops) the If the to plinth: the to the plinth, fixing mounted, which the If the to that of with boards: If the of the Screw board least thick) least of the Affix fixing plates the board, which the The fixing obtained from the Customer the The four of the pre-adjusted. of individually the height screw the to this. of or such to the the height screw instead.
about the type of supply and the to found the rating The rating to the Connecting to the supply This connected to the connecting only hose the to the supply. or only the of DIN1986 and DIN1988. or crush the hose or The least and of If than reduction If than the of the hose from the and the flow the pointed and the the
Water inflow hose with the If hose required, hoses to used. The Customer hose of the of the threaded hose or included as other threaded hose hand. the hose with the right-an- to the the hose vertically to the right or the as shown the the hose with the straight to with (inch) screw thread. the and tightness.
Water The the height of the which the and the outlet hoses to hoses. (A of the and then vertically). The Customer outlet hoses of the with hose from overflow. The of the hose the that back the pliance. or bath, the hose with the to the force the hose of the the that the enough. heights The to to height of from the which the Warning! If height malfunctions and to the obtained. Please the Customer
Guarantee/Customer Service Ausland Further service overseas these countries own Please further service as U.A.E. Universal P.O. Service East Household P.O. EURO-LINE Appliances Winston PARK L6H 5V1 ITC International White House Building Mountbatte Street World P.O. Street
The VIC www.andico.com.au A.A. Sons P.O. E.O.O.D. Sofia Sons P.O. Service Telephones: Paphos EE0006 Service Street New (South) Core Incorp. 3/F D.O.O. P.O. Assaferi P.O. LV-1012 49A/B, AEG NAMIBIA (PTY) Street Northern New Corporation New WATTAR CO. P.O. Direct Phone: ARIAN International AEG as Service: Phone: Co
Appliances Warehouse Building Thailand Olympia Tower, Thailand KFT Unit S.R.O. D.O.O. South Africa AEG P.O.
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating tions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC:
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without