LAVAMAT 64850LE
To and performance of please this instruction It to perfectly and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the instructions information Child Product lights Acoustic Child the the and the Select the of Select the TEMPERATURE the SPIN or the RINSE HOLD option option buttons Select the STAIN option SENSITIVE option Select the TIME SAVING option Select the START/PAUSE the DELAY START Select (EXTRA RINSE) option or Thank choosing of high-quality products. with the the At the of the hints and Sorting the the Removing and additives of to of and cleaning each cleaning Cleaning the Emergency emptying What to Technical instructions Unpacking Positioning and Water Water-stop Water
hints instructions information reference. The of with the industry and with the of as to the following It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to the functioning of the and the You MUST them or the first the incurred If If the the winter months when there hours the first It to the or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or pillow as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply cleaning and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced people or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when information to without
information the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the the supply the If the please the feet to allow to freely the that there from hoses and their the installation. If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should plumber or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach. of reach.
that or the To or becoming trapped the the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anticlockwise the Product effective treatment of with and The ECO VALVE allows of and reduces plate Product
Compartment The prewash the of the Compartment or Compartment additives starch). Compartment with STAIN-option of the It shows the as as the buttons and the lights. These the following TEMPERATURE SPIN STAIN SENSITIVE TIME SAVING
DISPLAY START/PAUSE DELAY START lights Cold Duration of selected Duration of selected selecting the hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the the of operating displayed, chapter What to of the finished displayed, the DOOR light the FUNCTIONING light and the light of and the Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the displayed about seconds and the light of light The selected hours of the appears the about seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The appear the The every hour. only hour the every Child
If the finished, the backlight of the switches off and the the button light to that the to switched off. the from the and another or switch off the lights the the FUNC- TIONING light the light this that the The DOOR light the light the light the light off: the the the EXTRA RINSE light To please chapter Acoustic The with acoustic which sounds the following the of the the of operating the and buttons about seconds, the acoustic deactivated the of operating these buttons the acoustic reactivated. Child This to the and to that might or to the This function when the There to this option: to the to other or option. To or this option about seconds buttons and the appears or or from the
the the the outwards. the the item them as as the You hear closing. WARNING! the the and the the and the to reduce and the Measure the amount of required, the and, to the prewash phase, the the If to the function, the the with arrow
If the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the of You choose the right type of following the the Turn the to the The the type of of and the to the type of The light of The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the to to switch the off. If the to another when the the yellow light of and the the to selection. The the selected the TEMPERATURE selecting the the that Press this repeatedly to increase or the to from the the selecting (Cold) the with To items, such as the and the
Select the SPIN or the RINSE HOLD option the selected, the that Press this repeatedly to the to from the the The light light RINSE HOLD selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the shows the light the light of off and the to that the To the please chapter At the of the option the combined. These selected choosing the and the these pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the light of the and the appears the seconds. the the and the options chapter Select the STAIN option Select this option to heavily or with with action phase). The light light This option with than 40C. If to with the option, with arrow. SENSITIVE option selecting this option the reduced. The the COTTONS, MIX, SYNTHETICS and ECONOMY. The appear the This option selected together with EXTRA RINSE option. This option recommended coloured items and washed items. Select the TIME SAVING option This option allows to the the ance. DAILY: once, the light and the reduced to SUPER QUICK: the light the reduced to lightly or items that or On the the
Select the START/PAUSE To the selected the the light The light to that the operating. The light to the locked. To which the the light To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen with the the count- If incorrect option selected, the light of the the about seconds. Select the DELAY START the to the the peatedly, to the The selected to hours) appear the about seconds, then the of the appear You this option the and the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this If to the the to the the the and Selecting the Select the and the options. Select the Press the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. the the to PAUSE the Press once the displayed; Press the to the The selected selecting the The locked throughout the If to the first the to PAUSE the closed the the The selected with DRAIN Select (EXTRA RINSE) This people with to to the of Press buttons and seconds: the light This function permanently To the the light off.
option or It to option the the pressing the Turn the to and then to the the the The the Press the to which the light Press the to the Turn the to to which the the First the to the If the light off, the If the the light this that the already heating, that the the of the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to the to the and closing the to the and options and to At the of the The automatically, the light of the lights and off and appear the If or option that with the selected, the light appear the the light of off and the to that the the Follow the below instructions to the Turn the to Select the DRAIN or SPIN the of the button Press the finished the shows The light off and the Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
hints and hints and Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with Treat with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of
The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If using without prewash selected. incorporates which allows of the Follow the to and the MAX the of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. If the or high to following the instructions. the of the of the and of COTTONS/LINEN Cold Reduced white and coloured (normally items). SPIN, RINSE HOLD, STAIN SENSITIVE, TIME SAVING EX- TRA RINSE Compartment
and of COTTONS WITH PREWASH Cold Prewash Reduced white or coloured with prewash phase (heavily items). MIX White and coloured This which should 40C or 60C separately. The the to and The obtained as 60C. JEANS Cold items. The option activated automatically. SYNTHETICS Cold Short Reduced Synthetic or coloured shirts, SYNTHETICS WITH PREWASH Cold Prewash Short Red. Synthetic or with prewash phase: heavily items. coloured shirts, EASY IRON Cold Short Synthetic to washed and Selecting this the and to creasing. this Furthermore the SPIN, RINSE HOLD, STAIN SENSITIVE, TIME SAVING EX- TRA RINSE SPIN, RINSE HOLD, STAIN, SENSITIVE, EX- TRA RINSE SPIN, RINSE HOLD SPIN, RINSE HOLD, STAIN SENSITIVE, TIME SAVING EX- TRA RINSE SPIN, RINSE HOLD, STAIN SENSITIVE, TIME SAVING EX- TRA RINSE SPIN, RINSE HOLD, EXTRA RINSE Compartment
and of DELICATES Cold Short Reduced acrylics, WOOL PLUS/HANDWASH /SILK 40-Cold Short Wool/Handwash: as as and or item ance. If the the phase, items, redistribute the manually and then the DELICATE RINSES Short With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced the DRAIN of emptying the of the with the RINSE HOLD option selected. SPIN and and with the RINSE HOLD option lected. selecting this the turned to You choose the the to to the to FRESH UP Short This items, or and synthetic items lightly or once. SPIN, RINSE HOLD, STAIN TIME SAV- ING EXTRA RINSE SPIN, RINSE HOLD SPIN, RINSE HOLD, EXTRA RINSE Compartment SPIN SPIN
and cleaning and of SUPER ECO Cold Short and synthetic). Cold and This with that becomes effective The with the or the amount of the The heating phase the than 6C only. ECONOMY White and coloured This selected slightly or items. The crease and the This allows to efficiency /OFF the which or to switch the off STAIN option selected only the of 40C or higher. If the SUPER QUICK option that reduce the as indicated. however with somewhat reduced cleaning If without PREWASH selected. and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of SPIN, RINSE HOLD, EXTRA RINSE SPIN, RINSE HOLD, STAIN, SENSITIVE, EX- TRA RINSE Compartment
each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thor- oughly. or products to the The should cleaned regularly. the firmly. the from the Clean with the as as that Clean of the the the top of the washing-in chamber, with the the and the to the or containing clean the with scouring containing or or and cleaning
and cleaning the with cleaning without to off cleaning Short and of from to the and that the The should inspected and the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to Release the emptying the and its cover.
screw the and to of when the from the rotating the back the tying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the WARNING! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to and cleaning
and cleaning Cleaning the If the to the yellow or the shows the "What to the To the Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the the hose with Screw the hose back the the tight. Unscrew the hose from the flow. Clean the the with or with the of cloth. Screw the hose back to the and the tight. Turn the
Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing clean the necessary as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the and the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the and to the the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO that of the washing. What to to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. that the yellow light of of the following appears the and the acoustic sound seconds to that the with the supply with the activated Once the the to the If the Service What to
What to The The The then immediately: The and/or The closed. the The properly the the the There the Please The the The correctly and the depressed. Please turn the and the The selected. If the to washed immediately, the The CHILD SAFETY LOCK activated. Deactivated this The closed. the The hose or the hose The the hose blocked. Clean the hose The properly closed. the The of the hose too to Water section. The hose or the hose The clogged. Clean the option or that with the the or that the phases selected. the option. Select the or the The the Redistribute the
There the Unsatisfactory The The or Too or too used. the or anoth- whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to the hose The hose with The the or the properly screwed cleaning action. the back the or screw the Too or used. Increase the or other Stubborn treated to products to the born The selected. selected the the The the of The released. the light DOOR off. There the Select or to the The and the of the ance. The the of the The the Redistribute the there the What to
or the The the The shows the If to or the service telephoning, of the and chase of the Service this information. Technical Height Water supply The the the The redistributed of the This the pears and If, the distributed the the Redistribute the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based using with- affecting performance. activated. the and the Service Force Information the the rating the of the
White ECO Synthetics Wool/ 60C with of the reference the the with EEC The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the instructions Unpacking and the You to that they the to Water the of the please to the the
the back to the from the the and the hose from the hose the of the Unscrew the three the with the
the spacers. the porthole, the hose from the and the the the and the with the the containing the instruction the hose as the Water
Positioning and the that around the impeded apply coating. to the of or the If to positioning the to or coalburning covered with the facing the or the The where the below 0C. The hose and the hose Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. screwing the or or the to the Water hose and found the This connected to supply. the hose from previous to to the supply. the porthole and the the hose with the nection to the the hose the hose to the or right the of
the hose correctly the the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of should comply with authority and building regulations the operation of the the chapter "Technical Water-stop The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the A Should this the off and to Service to the Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the
This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose ventilated, the of the than the of the The hose The hose to of hose and from Service Information the the rating plate the of the that the required, account other WARNING! the to earthed WARNING! The responsibility or through to comply with the WARNING! The supply easily the
WARNING! Should the supply to replaced, this Service The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the The with the This that they of them properly hints To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.com