LAVAMAT information
Dear Customer, Please this information and to to Please the information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions of the the first and the Switching the appliance/selecting the speed/selecting Option PRE WASH. TIME SAVER. Activating/deactivating RINSE+. the complete/Removing the Child Cleaning and What to Remedying If the satisfactory Carrying Technical
and instructions information concerning the Transporting the Removing the Where to the Connecting the to the supply Water Water Drainage Warranty Service and
Instructions to the the first Follow the and instructions If the the winter months when there the hours the first Correct The the of Additions or to the ted. that The The of the cleaning. the the of these products this. Child from There of suffocation. Children often the associated with Dont allow children to the pervised. that children and the of the The of death Repairs to the authorised service the when the or the or plinth to such that the of the openly
Switch off the to cleaning and carrying the from the or the hard-wired switch off the the or completely the If the from the and off the the from the the the and used. overheating fire the with of shock. with high the the become emptying of the cleaning the or the emergency, the cool and hoses. This of and from the The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the Please of with the Warning: finished its life, the from the off the and and of them. the lock. This children from themselves and their
of the plate Screw (height Additional buttons HOLD DELAY TIMER DOOR START/PAUSE Plinth
ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES EASY IRON DELICATES WOOL/SILK (Hand-washing) COLD RINSE DRAIN SPIN of with or of EN and IEC scribed the section Additional TIME SAVER PRE WASH RINSE HOLD
60C lightly to normally whites/col- oureds of normally to heavily coloureds/whites of easy-care and synthetics. 40C easy-care which washed using this to lightly or such as bonded synthetics, to With RINSE HOLD that clothing. Specially and washed from the Not easy-care or items, reduce the following and following or of hand-washed the or items. The the the Application/Features
the first the of through the the This the when the and the function properly. To production-related from the and the first without COT- TONS/LINEN the TIME SAVER and Empty the covers to to the from or cover them with or and items tights, and other items containing should only The wires and the ance. Sorting white and coloured type of and with the the
the the the the the switched the DOOR and START/PAUSE tors whether the DOOR START/PAUSE Can the of high or high and loosely. and items. caught the and the the catch that with the instructions. instructions the The amount of the of the the of the If the with to of half-load third and the amount of that recommended Water should from The amount of then that as with information about flashing flashing off flashing
the as as the the the Conditioner/ products to the of garments/Starch the If and the right-hand the cycle/in-wash treatment, the top of the the the products to the of starch the to than the MAX to thick with the structions them. If using the the Switching the appliance/selecting the and the selector. The switched lecting The shows the that the selected the or in-wash
the speed/selecting The the the selected You reduce this To this, the HOLD repeatedly the indicated. The the the To this: Press the START/PAUSE the Press the START/PAUSE RINSE HOLD With RINSE HOLD the to the There the spin(s). The intermediate the and Option If required, the button(s). The PRE WASH pre-wash the that follows automatically; with intermediate COTTONS/LINEN and EASY-CARES, without DELICATES. TIME SAVER Shortened lightly
Activating/deactivating RINSE+ If RINSE+ activated, with the COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES/EASY IRON and DELICATES. RINSE+ permanently the switched off. Activating RINSE+: Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES or DELI- CATES (with the of choice). and the PRE WASH and DELAY TIMER tons RINSE and RINSE+ the RINSE+ permanently activated. to the of RINSE+ the and while the Deactivating RINSE+ Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES/EASY IRON or DELICATES (with the of choice). and the PRE WASH and DELAY TIMER tons RINSE+ the RINSE+ permanently deactivated. the The DELAY TIMER allows to the of Select the Press the DELAY TIMER once the to hours. The Press the DELAY TIMER the to hours. The If the DELAY TIMER the The To the the START/PAUSE If of hours selected, the hours the switch and of hours the then
Starting that the turned Select Press the START/PAUSE The or the counted the the of the shown the If the START/PAUSE the END flashes and the acoustic sounds the correctly the closed and the START/ PAUSE the START/PAUSE and then pressing the START/ PAUSE To the to OFF. of the as as the DOOR Press the START/PAUSE The the and the START/PAUSE The complete/Removing the the finished, END the as the DOOR and the END the the and the Turn the to OFF. Turn off the the to allow to the slightly that the
If RINSE HOLD selected: Following DOOR and END the First the the to OFF, then to PUMP and the START/PAUSE (the without or the to OFF and then to SPIN. the type of reduce the and the START/PAUSE (the and the Child If the child activated, the Activating the to the the of the clockwise rection as as Warning! The otherwise the child The as shown the Deactivating the child Turn the anti-clockwise as as
Cleaning and cleaning products or clean- to clean the the and housing with cloth. The should cleaned regularly. the firmly. the from the Clean with the as as that tion. Clean the of the the the of the washing-in chamber, with the its and the to the or containing clean the with containing or or which the cleaning without to off cleaning COTTONS/LINEN the TIME SAVER of and whether or the of the or the the and the
What to Remedying If the of the following operation: END flashes with END flashes with outflow), END flashes please the following the the START/PAUSE the of other or flashing the switch the off and the Press the START/PAUSE If the appears please AEG Service Force The closed. The END flashing and tic sounding The END flashing and acoustic sounding with the inflow.) or with the The The START/PAUSE enough. The child tivated. The closed The turned off. Turn the The the hose screw The or faulty. the to the the there should click. Press the START/PAUSE ton Deactivate the child the properly. the Turn off the Unscrew the the and clean the and paired, necessary.
The when operating or Water from the Too There of used. The END flashing and tic sounding with the outflow.) with The The screw correctly There the bathrobe). The hose screw Tighten the nection The outlet hose outlet The the cover properly. closed properly. caught the The hose There the the The height of exceeded. The Clean the the The the additives correctly or the the as the and nection instructions. affected this. the Screw the hose firmly. Follow the instructions exactly when Please service Switch off the the Clean the from the housing. Clean the the firmly.
The when the switched The creased. If the satisfactory The and there the Too used. incorrect used. pre-treated. The or properly. There the Items that with ointments, or washed too The too that the type centrated with the such as as and when the following the to created the of this, the sufficiently There white the What insoluble which They the of or the If the selection of and instead. The locked. There the The too items loaded. the DOOR tor and the END The when the To the If the first the the section Carrying the
Carrying Warning! to carrying switch off the and the from the Warning! The that of the hose There of scalding. the cool the plinth and the shallow neath Then the turning anti-clockwise and The If to the than once, the hose with the while the the the hose and turn clockwise the hose the the plinth and
The maintenance-free. It necessary to the cover there malfunction and the wheel the please that there the or the items to washed. which their the with the the housing that protects the Warning! the cover of the switch off the and the from the cloth the front of the of the Unscrew the clockwise and and from the housing and from the wheel. whether the wheel right the back of the hous- turn. (If the rotates with motion, this If the turned, please Service Force the cover. the the of the cover the and tighten the turning clockwise tion. off the hose and the the plinth
Technical This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive when of Household rating Water The obtained They household COTTONS/LINEN ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/LINEN EASY CARES DELICATES WOOL/SILK (Hand-washing) The with the EN with or of EN and IEC from the indicated type and of used, and selected. Water
and instructions information concerning tion This built-in using the first the while that to the the of to the to the of the the the first when age caused to the or to neighbouring or using the the first splash protection completed. Removing the correctly shockproof If hard-wired: hard-wiring to the only to the the first that the rated and the rating match the and where the to The tection to found the rating If the the of the to the supply, this plumber. If the electricity supply the of the to the electricity supply, this The Service Force
the Transporting the Warning: The There of when the the its front its right (as from the front). the without the the when the its of installation. Transporting the without the of the to the the the when the plinth. trolley to the the trolley the of the the to the of the to the the first the when the to house). the hose located the rear of the and the hoses and the hose from the with
and and C with the to screw and the C to the to the screws E. to the four screws F. G. Screw the four screws to the Press items) and C that they the
Where to The operated where there of frost. There of frost or the of the covered the warranty. The which the to firm and the or coverings. The which the to and and from grease, that the If the location which the to with small-format the shops) the If the to which the as as to of the Screw least thick) least of the the The four of the of the four of the the to this. of or such to of the the instead.
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow: Earth Brown: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. WARNING! off serious (shock) that the off of
the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth This with the the EEC rective AC: rating rating plate further information. This VDE of electricity authorities This conforms to EEC Directive 82/499/EWG terference. WARNING! Repairs to trained repairs to serious the Connecting the to the supply This connected to the supply. the hose the to the supply. or the of DIN1986 and DIN1988. or crush the hose or Permitted The least and of If than reduction If than Disconnect the of the hose from the and the flow the and the the
Water hose with the If hose required, hoses from the to used. Service Force hose of the of the threaded hose or included as other threaded hose hand. the hose with the right-an- to the the hose vertically it to the right or the as shown the the hose with the straight to with (inch) screw thread. the and that
Water Drainage The hose should the the hose the supplied. The should internal of there the hose and It to the hose without that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose with hoses of and from Service Force If the outlet that the hose the and with required. the hose upwards to from the the The of the hose the pumped-out the back the
of The to to height of from the which the If height malfunctions and age to the obtained. Please Service Force
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only cally, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without