KO-LAVAMAT The information
Customer, Please this instruction using the Please the instructions the first of this instruction the instruction reference, and to owners. The and or Warning! information that or the tion of the highlighted. It that this information This through the operation of the This information and using the and information about the and of the with the the of malfunction, these operating instructions formation to these yourself. the section "What to Printed Thinking acting
Instructions of the Appliance option and What UPDATE the first Sorting and and and Conditioners Which and and Water instructions the the speed/Selecting the and closing the Loading the the the complete/Removing the
conditioning/starching and Cleaning Cleaning the What to Trouble Shooting If the satisfactory Carrying emptying Additional (RINSE+) Child and instructions Precautions of the Transporting the Installation-Site the
Water Hose Water Drainage head of greater than Technical Warranty Service
Instructions Instructions The features of AEG comply with technical and the Appliance However, as to inform about the following information. to the and this struction If the the winter months and below the hours operation. The only If the other or incorrectly operated, the which It to the or to this which and follow the of the which with should washed. bear this when cleaned the dry-cleaning. and bleaching only specifically the of these products. This connected to the supply only. to frost covered the If the located which below freezing emptying "carrying
Child styrofoam) There of suffocation! from This to operated allow to with the or with the and children known to Please the of the off the and the the to Repairs to Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force the the or the top or allowing to Switch off the and isolate from the supply carrying cleaning or the to the from the the and used. There of overheating! the with There of shock! high the of the become Allow the to cool cleaning the carry- emptying or the emergency. and hoses. This to the of shock and to the ance and property. from the Instructions
Instructions of the correctly. and of without to the and as follows: the covering and the >PE< the >PS< CFC-free) >POM< from and should the recycling. of the off the and the the catch to becoming trapped authorised To and and to the that follow these pre-wash normally It to loads. loads, reduce the to thirds. and then the when light to normally areas, the of reduce the amount of necessary.
of the Appliance Screw (height-adjustable); foot. and required. Instructions plate front of Pre-wash or used. starch)
Instructions The the of the of to the type of as as the tion. OFF Switches the off, the switched other COTTONS/LINEN C to C ENERGY SAVING C lightly to normally combined with QUICK WASH). RINSE HOLD tion DELAY TIMER DOOR OVER DOSING START/ PAUSE
EASY-CARES easy-care C to C. EASY IRON C easy-care which, with the of this only DELICATES C or C. WOOL to C) and and with the GENTLE RINSE hand-washed from STARCHING starching, conditioning of washed from the and PUMP OUT the the of (without the the and SPIN the and or of hand-washed SHORT SPIN the the of and or (easy-cares, Instructions
Instructions option buttons The options buttons to the to the of of the options normally The functions combined together the PRE WASH pre-wash the which follows automatically. There the pre-wash and the COTTONS/ LINEN The EASY-CARES and DELICATES follow the pre-wash without SOAKING 30C. Can to of hours and with the DELAY TIMER The then follows automatically. QUICK WASH Shortened lightly STAIN treating heavily or In-wash treatment washed from the the the from 40C as become effective higher the WOOL/ chosen, the tions selected buttons
and The the following selected They the COTTONS/LINEN COTTONS/LINEN COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES DELICATES WOOL/ The selected tested with EN The however, the following: type and the used, fluctuations the and the selected options. What UPDATE The of The software which this If ther to introduced AEG then updated. The of the the of the further information this please the AEG Customer selector/ Water Instructions
Instructions the first without (COTTONS with the amount of This from the which Sorting and Sort to the and type and Empty to bunching of and to covers and and such as from Turn with layered Coloured, as as and with should turned and items tights and or with or burred, or or coloured and white together. This white or New, coloured often these the first and items of This and the distributed the the the such as and
and The chose the should to type and The indicated the the from and with this with- actions and high The COTTONS LINEN this type of of and which this withstand The COTTONS LINEN this type of Easy-cares such as treated and thetics which this action. The EASY CARES EASY IRON this type of such as those with synthetics, as as with this The DELICATES this type of Wool and such as and with this The WOOL (hand this type of with this washed Instructions
Instructions and Conditioners Which and and which tomatic follow the tions. and The the of of the the of the the amount of Should the specify the than loads, reduce the accordingly: reduce the or EASY IRON reduce the the instructions and the and Water to high II upwards) used. to the instructions. Then the amount of Water Authority the of the Water to II III IV than than Water Water
instructions consists of the following the Select the and with the selector. Select options required. If necessary, the speed/select RINSE HOLD. the DELAY TIMER required. the and the the the the with the START/PAUSE the If the with PUMP OUT, SPIN, or SHORT SPIN the the and the Switch off the the to OFF. Instructions
Instructions the and options to the type of the to the with the The expected of the selected displayed the If required, tion(s): The of the selected lights To the selection another To selection, the the speed/Selecting If necessary, the the spin/select RINSE HOLD: Press the speed/RINSE HOLD repeatedly the of the or of RINSE HOLD If RINSE HOLD selected, the the It If the the to the COTTONS/LINEN EASY CARES EASY IRON DELICATES WOOL The of the intermediate the selected and
the The DELAY TIMER allows the of to hour to of hours. To this, the DELAY TIMER repeatedly the shown the hour If displayed and pears, the of the (displayed this the the SOAKING pressed, the with the DELAY TIMER hours and Without DELAY TIMER, the approximately pre-wash of To the DELAY TIMER as often as the shown the seconds, the the This as follows: Selected pre-wash Duration of the selected Displayed While SOAKING PRE-WASH lights the Instructions
Instructions and closing the the the Press the closed. The displays DOOR and START/PAUSE when the switched whether the DOOR START/PAUSE The of high or high If the DOOR flashes red, then the E40 flashes the and the MAIN WASH flashes, to without the correctly closed. this the closed and the Loading the loads. information about the of the "Sort and Sort and the to type. the the the the when closing the The and the the firmly. lights flashes the START/PAUSE lights lights flashes off or lights
instructions concerning and conditioners, and the the the as to to the and the Compartment in-wash treatment Compartment (If and the right the pre-wash/soaking the to the the Compartment finisher, starch) the MAX thick and the with to trouble-free If starch to the instructions. It amount of to the this the Compartment pre-wash/soaking options PRE-WASH/SOAKING) or the If the recommended the with the Instructions
Instructions Starting the that the the Press the START/PAUSE The or the of the If the DOOR flashes when the START/PAUSE pressed, the properly closed. The DOOR flashes The E40 then flashes the the MAIN WASH flashes. this the closed and the START PAUSE If the The the counts the the the hours this and or the the Press the START/PAUSE The Then the and the START/PAUSE or Press the DELAY TIMER peatedly the displayed. the the without to the the chosen the the the displayed. The expected to the of the the
The counting of the or corrected the as of to the (amount of type, tection, the or the Press the START/PAUSE Turn the to OFF. The If required, the to PUMP OUT and the START/PAUSE The with the START/PAUSE and the the only the turned to OFF. Selecting the options. The options QUICK WASH or STAIN selected the Press the START/PAUSE Press the QUICK WASH or STAIN Press the START/PAUSE The the the the or RINSE HOLD Press the START/PAUSE the with the RINSE HOLD Press the START/PAUSE The Instructions
Instructions complete/Removing the Once the to END the If RINSE HOLD selected, the the START/ PAUSE flashes. the first the START/PAUSE (the and the to the completed the START/PAUSE the or Turn the to PUMP OUT and the START/ PAUSE (the without or Turn the to SPIN or SHORT SPIN and the START/PAUSE (the and the or At the of this the END the as the DOOR lights the the Turn the to OFF. the the slightly that the that the If the OVERDOSING then too the completed. the of the as as the the If the to the and the from the electricity
Not below, those which and meaningful COTTONS/LINEN COTTONS/LINEN to Easy-cares of the of the STAINS, of 40C the to become effective. Creases the the of to easy-care shirts to approximately of of selector; COTTONS/LINEN ENERGY SAVING EASY-CARES PRE WASH to SOAKING QUICK WASH EASY IRON STAIN (or DELICATES WOOL COLD to Instructions tions PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH STAIN PRE WASH SOAKING STAIN PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH STAIN PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH STAIN
Instructions This of however, to recommended that the this instruction to. conditioning/starching STARCHING Easy-cares SPIN Easy-cares SHORT SPIN of of of GENTLE RINSE
and Cleaning household or cleaners to and operating the operating with cloth. The should cleaned from to the as as the sharply. the of the Clean the Clean the with It to the as as that securely Instructions
Instructions to clean the of the the the top of the the the and The from the which to the the with containing scouring containing or or AEG Service Force the cleaning With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of to there or the the and them.
Cleaning the and the with the and the casing. and of gather these items and the Therefore the should cleaned least once Warning! Switch off the and the cleaning the First emptying section "Carrying the front of the cover of the Unscrew the cover clockwise and from the housing. the cover. the the cover laterally the and screw the cover securely clock- the emptying hose and the the Instructions
Instructions What to Trouble Shooting If the correctly, please the following contacting AEG Service Force If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the If the E10 E20 or E40 shown the to the the below). clearing the the START/ PAUSE If the AEG Service Force other the please AEG Service Force the The closed. The The E40 appears. The MAIN WASH flashes. The the The house the The correctly closed. START/PAUSE enough. The correctly closed. the The the START/PAUSE ton the the child Section "Child the correctly. the
flows. E10 pears. The RINSE flashes The tion or foaming the Water closed. the screw of the hose Water with or faulty. The The There the The because the age hose or the too used. Instructions the Unscrew the hose from the the and the and repaired necessary. to the and instructions. the to the and tion instructions. This the of the the the hose and necessary, or the and, required, from the hous- It to the amount of used. Follow the
Instructions Water from the washed with heavily creased The suf- ficiently Water the The E20 appears The RINSE flashes. The screw the hose the hose and The hose necessary. The cover correctly. cover correctly closed. caught the The emptying hose correctly closed or The the the correctly tached or Probably too the hose the head height from the base) exceeded. the hose screw Stop the and the caught the the the empty- hose correctly the section "Carrying Service Force the emptying hose Clean the and the securely. to the the of easy-care the EASY IRON Service Force heights as accessory. Switch off the and the Clean the
The when the switched of building the The option the light The to high or high (the DOOR off). off.) reasons the to Water the The hose the coupling hose the The with high The selected tion combined with the Instructions the DOOR lights If to the turn the to OFF turn the to PUMP OUT. Press the START/PAUSE the the If through the the first empty- section Carrying Emergency Emptying tion"). to the the the Unscrew the hose from the and from the Clean the the necessary. another selection.
Instructions If the satisfactory If the greyish and the Incorrect used. pre-treated. or correctly. If the the If there the with ointments, grease or washed with The selected the too that with the these of as as and the If the the the sufficiently rinsed. If there white the These insoluble of They the of the or off. Turn the choice of and
Carrying emptying If the the emptying If the located which below might emptying Furthermore: the hose from the and off the Empty the Warning! Switch off the and the to Warning! The which flows of the emptying hose First allow the to cool the to catch the the the right of the outwards and off. the emptying hose from its the the the of the tying hose turning anticlockwise and The the amount of necessary to the collecting To this, the emptying hose temporarily with the the from the the emptying hose and the from the Instructions
Instructions the completely the securely the emptying hose and clockwise to the emptying hose its the and Additional (RINSE+) The who from to helpful to with If RINSE+ with the COTTONS/ LINEN, EASY CARES/EASY IRON and DELICATES the from the factory, the function the function: Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY CARES/EASY IRONS or DELICATES (with the PRE WASH and QUICK WASH least seconds. RINSE+ lights the The It manually The increases and the the function: the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY CARES/ EASY IRON or DELICATES. the PRE WASH and QUICK WASH buttons least seconds. RINSE+ the The
Child If the the closed and started. the child to the the of the clock- as as Warning! The otherwise the child active. The as shown the the child Turn the anticlockwise as as Instructions
and instructions and instructions Precautions the its front or its right hand from the front). This to the of the becoming inspect the the and of to serious to the or property. the correctly earthed to this should or that the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating to this should or
of the Transporting the the its front or its right from the front). This to the of the becoming the without the and the the the location. the without the the the the with trolley: the the only. It to the the operation. of the both hose the and the hoses and both hose off the with and instructions
and instructions The (E) and the (D) each) and (G) each) with the screws (A) with the the screws (B). the (C). Screw the screws (B) back the with the (D). the they the securely. the screw F, including the with the E. the with the G. the they the securely.
Installation-Site The clean, and Minor of the should of or should the screw If the to heat cooking ance), heat the and the heat the locations where the below Please that when the it easily the the of breakdown. to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the and instructions
and instructions the foot: The foot of This the high If the as follows: the three to the of the If the foot reach the Manually the foot to the length. the or of or to the the
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow: Earth Brown: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. and instructions Cord
and instructions WARNING! off serious (shock) that the off of the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth This with the following EU EEC February include Notice EEC EMC EEC including Notice EEC. This with the the EEC rective AC: rating rating further information. This VDE of electricity authorities This conforms to EEC Directive 82/499/EWG terference. WARNING! Repairs to only trained repairs to serious the
Water The with back- of the supply and with thority This to permanently plumbed supply. the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the Appliances connecting to connected to hose the Water The to within the following If than If than Unscrew the hose from the the and the flow (to this, the with and the washer the the and instructions
and instructions Hose hose of supplied. If inflow hose required, of hoses with hose screw from AEG Service Force Hose of and without Hose of and with to the hoses! the of the hose screw or the other the hose with the to the the hose cally instead to the right or as shown the Tighten to force. the hose with the straight to with screw thread (inches) the screw hand. the the operation, that the free of
Water Drainage The hose should the the hose the supplied. The should internal of approximately there the hose and It to the hose without that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose covered with hoses of and from AEG Service Force and instructions
and instructions If the hose from the to that the and the hose the supplied. The of the hose the pumped-out the back the pliance. head of than Every includes the of and which through the hose to height of measured from the which the heads of than please AEG Service Force
the of rating plate Water and instructions
Warranty Warranty Great Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation, or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Ausland Further service overseas these countries AEG Please further service as U.A.E. Universal P.O. East P.O. ANDI-Co Town VIC Household P.O. EURO-LINE Appliances Winston PARK L6H 5V1 (South) Core Incorp. 3/F Warranty ITC International White House Building Mountbatte Street World P.O. Street AEG NAMIBIA (PTY) LIM- Street Northern
Warranty A.A. P.O. E.O.O.D. Sofia P.O. Service Telephones: Paphos EE0006 Services Castle N.T. Croatia D.O.O. P.O. Assaferi P.O. Street New New Street N.C. B.P. P.O.
Electricity Services-Evis LTD. Warehouse 4F Thailand OLYMPIA KFT (AEG 49A/B, S.R.O. USA ANDI Appl. Inc. East Edison, New Warranty Corporation P.O. Street P.O. D.O.O. South Africa AEG P.O. P.O.
foot C the Child Circulation Customer Service Duration Easy-cares Emergency emptying the Pre Pre-washing plate of frost Service the Warranty coloureds lightly Water off Hand-washable
Service If carrying the there with please AEG Service Force customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Please type of telephoning. to know: and telephone Clear and of the What the the the The and of purchase. This information found the rating these to write them below. PNC S-No. Customer AEG or further infor- mation AEG products please or telephone the below or www.aeghome.co.uk Customer AEG Appliances High Slough, SL1 1DZ to this recorded Service
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without