KO-LAVAMAT The information
Customer, Please this instruction using the Please the instructions the first of this instruction the instruction reference, and to owners. The and or Warning! information that or the tion of the highlighted. It that this information This through the of the This information and using the and information about the and of the with the clover the of malfunction, these operating instructions formation to these yourself. the section "What to Printed Thinking acting
Instructions of the Appliance option buttons What UPDATE the first Sorting and and and Conditioners Which and of and Water instructions the the speed/Selecting the function the and closing the Loading the the the the
conditioning/starching and Cleaning Cleaning the What to Trouble Shooting If the satisfactory Carrying emptying Additional (RINSE+) Child and instructions Technical Precautions of the Transporting the Installation-Site the
Water Water Hose Water Drainage head of than Warranty Index Service
Instructions Instructions The of AEG comply with technical and the Appliance as to inform about the following information. to the and Instructions" this struction If the the winter months and below the hours operation. The If the other or incorrectly operated, the which It to the specifications or to this which and follow the of the which with should washed. bear this when cleaned the dry-cleaning. and bleaching specifically the of these products. This connected to the supply only. to frost covered the If the located which below emptying "carrying
Child There of suffocation! from This to operated allow to with the or with the and known to Please the of the off the and the the to trapped Repairs to Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force the the or the top or allowing to Switch off the and isolate from the supply carrying cleaning or If the from the and off the the to the from the the and used. There of overheating! the with There of shock! high the of the become Allow the to cool cleaning the carry- emptying or the and hoses. This to the of shock and to the ance and property. from the Instructions
Instructions of the correctly. and of without to the and as follows: the outer covering and the >PE< the interior. >PS< CFC-free) >POM< Cardboard from and should the recycling. of the off the and the the catch to children becoming authorised To and and to the that follow these pre-wash normally It to loads. loads, reduce the to thirds. and then the when light to normally areas, the of reduce the amount of necessary.
of the Appliance Screw (height-adjustable); foot. and Instructions front of Pre-wash or
Instructions The the of the of to the type of as as the tion. OFF Switches the off, the switched other COTTONS/LINEN C to C ENERGY SAVING C lightly to normally combined with QUICK WASH). RINSE HOLD tion buttons DELAY TIMER DOOR OVER DOSING START/ PAUSE
EASY-CARES easy-care C to C. EASY IRON C easy-care which, with the of this only DELICATES C or C. WOOL to C) and and with the GENTLE RINSE hand-washed from STARCHING starching, of washed from the and PUMP OUT the the of (without the the and SPIN the and or of hand-washed SHORT SPIN the the of and or (easy-cares, Instructions
Instructions option buttons The options to the to the of of the options normally The combined together the PRE WASH the which follows automatically; with intermediate COTTONS/LINEN and EASY-CARES, without intermediate DELICATES. If RINSE HOLD selected, SOAKING 30C. Can to of hours and with the DELAY TIMER button. The then follows automatically. QUICK WASH Shortened lightly STAIN treating heavily or In-wash treatment from the the the from 40C as become effective higher the WOOL/ chosen, the tions selected
The the following selected They operation the COTTONS/LINEN COTTONS/LINEN COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES DELICATES WOOL/ The selected tested with EN The however, the following: type and the used, fluctuations the and the selected What UPDATE The of The software which this If ther to introduced AEG then updated. The of the the of the further information this please the AEG Customer selector/ Instructions Water
Instructions the first without (COTTONS with the amount of This from the which Sorting and Sort to the and type and Empty to bunching of and to covers and pillow and such as from Turn with layered Coloured, as as and with should turned and items tights and or pillow with or burred, or or coloured and white together. This white or New, coloured these the first and items of This and the distributed the the the such as separately and
and The chose the should to type and The indicated the the from and with this with- actions and high The COTTONS LINEN this type of of and which this withstand The COTTONS LINEN this type of Easy-cares such as treated and thetics which this action. The EASY CARES EASY IRON this type of such as those with layered synthetics, as as with this The DELICATES this type of Wool and such as and with this The WOOL this type of with this Instructions
Instructions and Conditioners Which and conditioners? and that follow the instructions. of and The to of of the of of the supply If the the amounts to loads, half-loads third than the amount recommended and and EASY IRON the amount Please follow the and tions and Water to high II upwards) used. to the instructions. Then the amount of Water Authority the of the Water to II III IV greater than than Water Water
instructions consists of the following the Select the and with the selector. Select options required. If necessary, the speed/select RINSE HOLD. the DELAY TIMER required. the and the the the the with the START/PAUSE the If the with PUMP OUT, SPIN, or SHORT SPIN the the and the Switch off the the to OFF. Instructions
Instructions the and options to the type of the to the with the The expected of the selected the If required, tion(s): The of the selected lights To the selection another To selection, the
the speed/Selecting the function If required, the the spin/select the the HOLD ton the the If the the the type of COTTONS/LINEN EASY CARES EASY IRON DELICATES WOOL The the the selected and Selecting the function the HOLD the RINSE HOLD If RINSE HOLD selected, the the and The throughout the the RINSE HOLD therefore The the or section hours however, matically and pumped. Instructions
Instructions the The DELAY TIMER allows the of to hour to of hours. To this, the DELAY TIMER repeatedly the shown the hour If displayed and pears, the of the this the Once the activated the START/PAUSE the SOAKING pressed, the with the DELAY TIMER hours and Without DELAY TIMER, the pre-wash of To the DELAY TIMER as often as the shown the hour). seconds, the shows the This as follows: Selected pre-wash Duration of the selected Displayed Approx. While SOAKING PRE WASH lights the
and closing the the the Press the closed. The displays DOOR and START/PAUSE when the switched whether the DOOR START/PAUSE The of high or high If the DOOR flashes red, then the E40 flashes the and the MAIN WASH flashes, to without the correctly closed. this the closed and the Loading the loads. information about the of the "Sort and Sort and the to type. the the the the washing. when closing the The and the the firmly. lights flashes the START/PAUSE lights lights flashes off or lights Instructions
Instructions instructions concerning and conditioners, and the as as Compartment treatment Compartment (If and the right the pre-wash/soaking the to the the Compartment finisher, the the MAX If to the MAX and starch It amount of to the this the Compartment pre-wash/soaking options PRE WASH/SOAKING) or the If the to or Follow the instructions the
Starting the that the the Press the START/PAUSE The or the of the If the DOOR flashes when the START/PAUSE pressed, the properly closed. The DOOR flashes The E40 then flashes the the MAIN WASH flashes. this the closed and the START/PAUSE button. If the The the counts the the displayed the hours this and or the the Press the START/PAUSE button. The Then the and the START/PAUSE or Press the DELAY TIMER peatedly the displayed. the displayed the without Instructions
Instructions to the the chosen displayed the the the displayed. The expected to the of the the The counting of the or corrected the as of to the (amount of type, tection, the or the Press the START/PAUSE Turn the to OFF. The If required, the to PUMP OUT and the START /PAUSE button. The with the START /PAUSE and the the only the turned to OFF. Selecting the The options QUICK WASH or STAIN selected the Press the START/PAUSE Press the QUICK WASH or STAIN Press the START/PAUSE The
the the the or RINSE HOLD Press the START/PAUSE the with the speed/RINSE HOLD Press the START/PAUSE The Instructions
Instructions complete/Removing the Once the to END the If RINSE HOLD selected, the the START/ PAUSE flashes. the first Either the START/PAUSE (the and the to the completed the START/PAUSE the or Turn the to OFF and then to PUMP OUT and the START/PAUSE (the without or Turn the to OFF and then to SPIN or SHORT SPIN and the START/PAUSE (the and the or At the of this the END the as the DOOR lights the the Turn the to OFF. the the slightly that the that the If the OVERDOSING then too the completed. the of the as as the the If the to the and the from the electricity
below, those which useful and meaningful COTTONS/LINEN COTTONS/LINEN to Easy-cares The amount operates with the EN of QUICK WASH selected 50C. the of the STAINS, of 40C the to become effective. Creases the the of to easy-care shirts to approximately of of selector; COTTONS/LINEN ENERGY SAVING EASY-CARES PRE WASH to SOAKING QUICK WASH EASY IRON STAIN (or DELICATES WOOL COLD to Instructions tions PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH STAIN PRE WASH SOAKING STAIN PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH STAIN PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH STAIN
Instructions conditioning/starching STARCHING Easy-cares SPIN Easy-cares SHORT SPIN of of of GENTLE RINSE
and Cleaning household or cleaners to clean and operating the operating with cloth. The should cleaned from to the as as the sharply. the of the Clean the Clean the with It to the as as that securely Instructions
Instructions to the of the the the top of the the the and it The from the which to the the with containing scouring containing or or AEG Service Force the cleaning With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of to there or the the and them.
Cleaning the and the with the and the and of gather these items and the Therefore the should cleaned least once Warning! Switch off the and the cleaning the First emptying section "Carrying the front of the of the flow Unscrew the cover clockwise and from the housing. the cover. the the laterally the and screw the securely clock- the emptying hose and the the Instructions
Instructions What to Trouble Shooting If the correctly, please the following AEG Service Force If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the If the E10 E20 or E40 shown the to the the below). clearing the the START/ PAUSE button. If the AEG Service Force other the please AEG Service Force the The closed. The The E40 appears. The MAIN WASH flashes. The the The house the The correctly closed. START/PAUSE enough. The correctly closed. the The the START/PAUSE ton the the child Section "Child the correctly. the
flows. E10 pears. The RINSE flashes The tion or foaming the Water closed. the screw of the hose Water with or The The There the The the hose or the too used. Instructions the Unscrew the hose from the the and clean the and repaired necessary. to the and instructions. the to the and tion instructions. This the of the the the hose and necessary, or the and, required, from the hous- It to the amount of used. Follow the
Instructions Water from the washed with heavily creased The as as The suf- ficiently Water the The E20 appears The RINSE flashes. The screw the hose the hose and The hose necessary. The cover correctly. cover correctly closed. caught the The emptying hose correctly closed or The the the correctly tached or Probably too the The to distributed the to hose the head charge height from the base) exceeded. the hose screw Stop the and the caught the the the empty- hose correctly the section "Carrying Service Force the emptying hose Clean the and the securely. to the the of easy-care the EASY IRON the as as with tion of and items. Service Force as accessory. Switch off the and the Clean the
The when the switched of building the The option the light The to high or high (the DOOR off). displays off.) reasons the to Water the The hose the coupling hose the The with high The selected tion combined with the Instructions the DOOR lights If to the the to OFF turn the to PUMP OUT. Press the START/PAUSE the the If through the the first empty- section Carrying Emergency Emptying tion"). to the the the Unscrew the hose from the and from the Clean the the necessary. another selection.
Instructions If the satisfactory If the greyish and the Incorrect used. pre-treated. or correctly. If the the If there the with ointments, grease or with The selected the too that with the these of as as and the If the the How- the sufficiently rinsed. If there white the These of They the of the or off. Turn the choice of and
Carrying emptying If the the emptying If the located which below might emptying Furthermore: the hose from the and off the Empty the Warning! Switch off the and the to Warning! The which flows of the emptying hose allow the to cool the emptying. to catch the the the right of the outwards and off. the emptying hose from its the the the of the tying hose turning anticlockwise and The the amount of to the collecting To this, the emptying hose temporarily with the the from the the emptying hose and the from the Instructions
Instructions the completely the securely the emptying hose and turn clockwise to the emptying hose its the and Additional (RINSE+) The who from to helpful to with If RINSE+ with the COTTONS/ LINEN, EASY CARES/EASY IRON and DELICATES the from the factory, the function the function: Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY CARES/EASY IRONS or DELICATES (with the PRE WASH and QUICK WASH buttons least seconds. RINSE+ lights the The It manually The increases and the the function: the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY CARES/ EASY IRON or DELICATES. the PRE WASH and QUICK WASH buttons least seconds. RINSE+ the The
Child If the child the and started. the to the the of the clock- as as Warning! The otherwise the child active. The as shown the the child Turn the anticlockwise as as Instructions
and instructions and instructions Technical Height the of rating Water
the its front or its right from the front). This to the of the becoming inspect the the and to serious to the or property. the correctly earthed to this should or that the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating to this should or and instructions
and instructions of the Transporting the the its front or its right from the front). This to the of the becoming the without the and the the the location. Transporting the without the the the the with trolley: the the only. It to the the operation. of the both hose the and the hoses and both hose off the with
The and the each) and C each) with the screw D, including the with the A. the with the C. the they the securely. the screws with the A. the screws F. the G. Screw the screws back the with the B. the they the securely. and instructions
and instructions Installation-Site The clean, and Minor of the should of or should the screw If the to heat cooking ance), heat the and the heat the locations where the below Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the
the foot: The foot of This the high If the as follows: the three to the of the If the foot reach the Manually the foot to the length. the using or of or to the the and instructions
and instructions to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, as below. The the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. WARNING! off serious (shock) that the off of Cord
the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth This with the following EU EEC February include Notice EEC EMC EEC including Notice EEC. This with the the EEC rective AC: rating rating plate further information. This VDE of electricity authorities This conforms to EEC Directive 82/499/EWG terference. WARNING! Repairs to only trained repairs to serious the and instructions
and instructions Water The with back- of the supply and with thority This to permanently plumbed homes supply. connecting the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the Appliances connecting to connected to hose the Water The to within the following If than If than Unscrew the hose from the the and the flow (to this, the with and the washer the the
Hose hose of supplied. If inflow hose required, of hoses with hose screw from AEG Service Force Hose of and without Hose of and with to the hoses! the of the hose screw or the other the hose with the to the the hose cally instead to the right or as shown the Tighten to force. the hose with the straight to with screw thread (inches) the screw hand. the the operation, that the free of and instructions
and instructions Water The hose should the the hose the supplied. The should internal of there the hose and It to the hose without that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose covered with hoses of and from AEG Service Force
If the hose from the to that the and the hose the supplied. The of the hose the pumped-out the back the head of than Every includes the of and which through the hose to height of measured from the which the heads of greater than please AEG Service Force and instructions
and instructions The supply and the the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the yellow and earth This operation should Recess
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Warranty
Index Index foot C the Child Circulation Customer Service Duration Easy-cares Emergency emptying the Pre Pre-wash plate of frost the Warranty lightly Water off
Service If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that the purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded Service
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without