The KO-LAVAMAT information
Customer, Please this instruction using the Please the instructions the first of this instruction the instruction reference, and to owners. The and or Warning! information that or the tion of the highlighted. It that this information This through the of the This information and the and information about the and of the with the clover the of malfunction, these operating instructions formation to these yourself. the section "What to Printed acting
Instructions of the Appliance Additional buttons What UPDATE the first Sorting and of and and Conditioners Which and conditioners? of and Water instructions the the speed/Selecting the function the and closing the Loading the Starting of the cycle/removing the
conditioning/starching and Cleaning What to Trouble Shooting If the satisfactory Carrying emptying Additional (RINSE+) Water Cooling Additional and Water Cooling Child and instructions Precautions of the the Installation-Site the Appliance
Water Water Hose Water Drainage head of than Technical Warranty Index Service
Instructions Instructions The of AEG comply with technical and the Appliance as to inform about the following information. to the and this struction If the the winter months and below the hours operation. The If the other or incorrectly operated, the which It to the specifications or to this which and follow the of the which with should washed. bear this when cleaned the dry-cleaning. and bleaching specifically the of these products. This connected to the supply only. to frost covered the If the located which below emptying "carrying
Child There of suffocation! from This to operated allow to with the or with the and known to Please the of the off the and the the to Repairs to Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force the the or the top or allowing to Switch off the and isolate from the supply carrying cleaning or If stopped, the from the and off the the to the from the the and used. There of overheating! the with There of shock! high the of the become Allow the to cool cleaning the carry- emptying or the and hoses. This to the of shock and to the ance and property. from the Instructions
Instructions of the correctly. and of without to the and as follows: the outer covering and the >PE< the >PS< CFC-free) >POM< from and should the recycling. of the off the and the the catch to becoming trapped authorised To and and to the that follow these pre-wash normally It to loads. loads, reduce the to thirds. and then the when light to normally areas, the of reduce the amount of necessary.
of the Appliance Screw (height-adjustable) and Instructions front of Pre-wash or starch)
Instructions The to the type of of of to the type of OFF Switches the off; switched other To which selected the to the OFF This the RINSE HOLD tion buttons DELAY TIMER DOOR OVER DOSING START/ PAUSE
COTTONS/LINEN whites/coloureds C to C. ENERGY SAVING C lightly to normally increased to together with TIME SAVING or STAIN). MIX which cated items of which to their usually washed C or C, together the MIX this of the pacity, to the increased as 60C achieved. EASY-CARES weave) C to C. EASY IRON C easy-care which thanks to this then only lightly or DELICATES C or C. WOOL/SILK (Hand-wash) to C) and and with the (hand- GENTLE RINSE hand-washed from the STARCHING starching, conditioning, of from the DRAIN the following (without The the and SPIN the following and or of hand-washed Instructions
Instructions SHORT SPIN the following and or of (easy-care Additional buttons The buttons to the to the of of the Additional that to the PRE WASH Cold the which follows automatically; with intermediate COTTONS/LINEN and EASY-CARE, without DELICATES. SOAKING hour C or C, to the Can increased to of hours using the DELAY TIMER The follows automatically. QUICK WASH lightly STAIN treating heavily or the If the WOOL/SILK the selected (buttons that
The the following selected They the COTTONS/LINEN COTTONS/LINEN COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES DELICATES WOOL/SILK/ The selected tested with EN The however, the following: type and the used, the and the selected options. The the of the These and the countdown the to of the following: incoming type and of of and selector/ Instructions Water
Instructions What UPDATE The of The software which this If ther to introduced AEG then updated. The of the the of the further information this please the AEG Customer the first without (COTTONS with the amount of This from the which
Sorting and Sort to the and type and Empty to bunching of and to covers and and such as from Turn with layered Coloured, as as and with should turned and items tights and or pillow with or burred, or or coloured and white together. This white or New, coloured often these the first and items of This and the distributed the the the such as and Instructions
Instructions of and to choose the should type, and to their The indicated the the and items with this to or high The COTTONS/LINEN this type of and items with this to The COTTONS/LINEN this type of Easy-Cares such as and with these treatment. The EASY-CARES/ EASY IRON this type of such as layered synthetics, and with this treatment. The DELICATES this type of and and with these to The WOOL/SILK (Handwash) this type of with the (Not should washed the
and Conditioners Which and and that follow the instructions. of and The to of of the of of the supply If the the amounts to loads, half-loads third than the amount recommended and and EASY IRON the amount recommended Please follow the and tions and Water to high II upwards) used. to the instructions. Then the amount of Water Authority the of the Water to II III IV than than Water Instructions Water
Instructions instructions consists of the following the Select the and with the selector. Select options required. If necessary, the speed/select RINSE HOLD. the DELAY TIMER required. the and the the the the with the START/PAUSE the If the with DRAIN, SPIN, or SHORT SPIN the the and the Switch off the the to OFF.
the and options to the type of the to the with the The expected of the selected the If required, tion(s): The of the selected lights To the selection another To selection, the Instructions
Instructions the speed/Selecting the function If required, the the spin/select the the HOLD ton the the If the the the type of COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES/EASY IRON DELICATES WOOL/SILK/ The the intermediate the selected and Selecting the function the speed/RINSE HOLD the RINSE HOLD If RINSE HOLD selected, the the and the The DELAY TIMER allows to the of to of hours. To this, the DELAY TIMER the displayed the of the of the hours. If shown and the once the of the shown this
If the SOAKING the DELAY TIMER to increase the to of hours. Without the the hour. and closing the the the Press the closed. The displays DOOR and START/PAUSE when the switched whether the DOOR START/PAUSE The of high or high If the the appears the and the PRE WASH, RINSE and RINSE+ to without the correctly closed. this the and the Loading the loads. information about the of the "Sort and Sort and the to type. the the the the when closing the The and the the firmly. lights flashes lights lights Instructions
Instructions instructions concerning and and conditioners". the the the as to to the and the Compartment in-wash treatment Compartment (If and the right the pre-wash/soaking the to the the Compartment finisher, the MAX using thick and the with to trouble-free If starch to the instructions. It amount of to the this the Compartment pre-wash/soaking options PRE WASH/SOAKING) or the If using the recommended the with the
Starting that the turned Starting Press the START/PAUSE The or the countdown of the The properly when the START/PAUSE pressed, the appears the and the PRE WASH, RINSE and RINSE+ flashing, Should this the closed and the START/ PAUSE once The counts the to the of the whole hours, shown the this or or the Press the START/PAUSE the Then the and the START/PAUSE or the pressing the DELAY TIMER the displayed; when the the straight Instructions
Instructions to the the chosen the the the displayed. The expected to the of the shown the The the of the These and and incoming type and of of and the countdown the to of the factors. the the the or the RINSE HOLD Other the Turn the to OFF to the prematurely. The interrupted with the START/PAUSE and this ton
of the cycle/removing the the END the the as the DOOR shows the the Turn the to OFF. the to to the that the If RINSE HOLD selected: If with RINSE HOLD, the to the START/PAUSE flash. the first Either the START/PAUSE and the with the that the the the speed/RINSE HOLD or Turn the to OFF, then to DRAIN, and the START/PAUSE (the without or Turn the to OFF, then to SPIN or SHORT SPIN, and the START/PAUSE (the and the or the of this the END The the and the Turn the to OFF. Turn off the Instructions
Instructions If the EASY IRON selected: EASY IRON, following the of the anti-crease phase of this the shows the and the END You the the phase. To this, the START/PAUSE The and the Then the to OFF. The If the OVERDOSING then too the completed. the of the as as the the If the to the and the from the electricity
The following the those normally of Easy-cares WOOL/SILK COLD, The with the EN with or to EN and IEC the chapter STAIN of least 40C that the effective. Creases the only of exceeded. to7 easy-care shirts to approximately of EASY-CARES PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH EASY IRON STAIN (or [C] COTTONS/ LINEN COTTONS/ LINEN ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/ LINEN COTTONS/ LINEN MIX DELICATES Instructions PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH STAIN PRE WASH SOAKING PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH STAIN PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH STAIN
Instructions conditioning/starching STARCHING Easy-cares SPIN Easy-cares SHORT SPIN of of of GENTLE RINSE
and Cleaning household or cleaners to and operating the operating with cloth. The should cleaned from to the as as the sharply. the of the Clean the Clean the with It to the as as that securely Instructions
Instructions to the of the the the top of the the the and The from the which to the the with containing scouring containing or or AEG Service Force the using cleaning With the of washes to of the that To The should of the of to there or the the and them.
What to Trouble Shooting If the correctly, please the following AEG Service Force If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, the If the C1, C2 or shown the to the the below). the the START/PAUSE With other displayed C or switch ance off and the and the START/PAUSE If the displayed please the Customer Service the The closed. The child The pears. The displays PRE WASH, RINSE and RINSE+ flashing. The the The house the The correctly closed. START/PAUSE enough. The correctly closed. Instructions the The the START/PAUSE ton the the child Section "Child the correctly. the
Instructions flows. appears. The tion or foaming the Water closed. the screw of the hose Water with or The The There the The the hose or the Probably too used. the Unscrew the hose from the the and clean the and repaired necessary. to the and instructions. the to the and tion instructions. This the of the the the hose and necessary, or the and, required, from the hous- It to the amount of used. Follow the
Water from the washed with heavily creased The as as The suf- ficiently Water the The pears. The screw the hose the hose and The hose necessary. The cover correctly. cover correctly closed. caught the The emptying hose correctly closed or The the the correctly tached or Probably too the The to distributed the to hose the head charge height from the base) exceeded. Instructions Tighten the hose screw the and the caught the the the empty- hose correctly the section "Carrying Service Force the emptying hose Clean the and the securely. to the the of easy-care the EASY IRON the as as with tion of and items. Service Force as accessory. Switch off the and the Clean the
Instructions The when the switched of building the The option the light The to high or high (the DOOR lights red). displays off.) reasons the to Water the The hose the coupling hose the The with high The selected tion combined with the the DOOR lights If to the the to OFF; the to DRAIN. Press the START/PAUSE the the If through the the first empty- section Carrying Emergency Emptying tion"). to the the the Unscrew the hose from the and from the Clean the the necessary. another selection.
If the satisfactory If the greyish and the used. pre-treated. or correctly. If the the If there the with ointments, grease or washed with The selected the too that with the these of as as and the If the the the sufficiently rinsed. If there white the These insoluble of They the of the or off. Turn the choice of and Instructions
Instructions Carrying emptying If the the emptying If the located which below might emptying Furthermore: the hose from the and off the Empty the Warning! Switch off the and the to Warning! The which flows of the emptying hose First allow the to cool the to catch the the the right of the outwards and off. the emptying hose from its the the the of the tying hose turning anticlockwise and The the amount of to the collecting To this, the emptying hose temporarily with the the from the the emptying hose and the from the
the completely the securely the emptying hose and clockwise to the emptying hose its the and The free. The cover of the the of malfunction when the blocked. the please that there the or the items to washed. which their the with the the housing. To the when please as follows: Warning! Switch off the and the cleaning the emptying section Carrying cloth the front of the cover of the Unscrew the cover anti-clockwise and and from the housing. Instructions
Instructions the cover. Laterally the the cover the and screw the cover clock- the emptying hose and the the
Additional (RINSE+) The who from to helpful to with If RINSE with the COT- TONS/LINEN, EASY CARES/EASY IRON and DELICATES the from the factory, the function the function: Turn the to SHORT SPIN. Press the SOAKING least seconds. the seconds, RINSE flashes the seconds. Release the SOAKING while RINSE flashes. flashing, the It manually the the RINSE lights the the and the If to whether the function Turn the to SHORT SPIN. Press the SOAKING If RINSE flashes the the the function: Turn the to SHORT SPIN. Press the SOAKING least seconds. RINSE flashes the as as the ton pressed. seconds, RINSE flashing and lights constantly further seconds. Release the SOAKING while RINSE lights constantly. RINSE lighting the increases and the Instructions
Instructions Water Cooling It to the to thermal to the The cooled the of the (This active COTTONS/LINEN with of C.). the from the factory, the cooling function the cooling function: Turn the to SHORT SPIN. Press the PRE WASH least seconds. the seconds, MAIN WASH flashes the seconds. Release the PRE WASH while MAIN WASH flashing. flashing, the cooling function It manually If to whether the cooling function Turn the to SHORT SPIN. Press the PRE WASH If the MAIN WASH the flashes, the cooling function the cooling function: Turn the to SHORT SPIN. Press the PRE WASH least seconds. MAIN WASH flashes the as as the pressed. seconds, MAIN WASH flashing and seconds. Release the PRE WASH while MAIN WASH continuously minated. Once MAIN WASH ceased to the cooling function Water cooling increases and the tion. Additional and Water Cooling You the and cooling. The as "Additional and "Water cooling.
Child If the the closed and started. the child to the the of the clock- as as Warning! The otherwise the active. The as shown the the Turn the anticlockwise as as Instructions
and instructions and instructions Precautions the its front or its right from the front). This to the of the becoming inspect the the and of to serious to the or property. the correctly earthed to this should or that the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating to this should or
of the Transporting the the its front or its right from the front). This to the of the becoming the without the and the the the location. Transporting the without the the the the with trolley: the the only. It to the the operation. of the both hose the and the hoses and both hose off the with and instructions
and instructions The and the each) and C each) with the screw D, including the with the A. the with the C. the they the securely. the screws with the A. the screws F. the G. Screw the screws back the with the B. the they the rear securely. Installation-Site The clean, and Minor of the should of or should the screw If the to heat cooking ance), heat the and the heat the locations where the below Please that when the easily the the of breakdown.
to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the the Appliance and the height rected with the four screw The height of To the the supplied. the the head of the threaded foot as as the screw that the and that the or of or To the the and instructions
and instructions to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. WARNING! off serious (shock) that the off of Cord
the of necessary that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth This with the following EU EEC February include Notice EEC EMC EEC including Notice EEC. This with the the EEC rective AC: rating rating further information. This VDE of electricity authorities This conforms to EEC Directive 82/499/EWG terference. WARNING! Repairs to trained repairs to serious the Water The with back- of the supply and with thority This to permanently plumbed supply. the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the Appliances to connected to hose the and instructions
and instructions Water The to within the following If than If than Unscrew the hose from the the and the flow (to this, the with and the washer the the
Hose hose of supplied. If inflow hose of hoses with hose screw from AEG Service Force Hose of and without Hose of and with to the hoses! the of the hose screw or the other the hose with the to the the hose cally instead to the right or as shown the to force. the hose with the straight to with screw thread (inches) the screw hand. the the operation, that the free of and instructions
and instructions Water The hose should the the hose using the supplied. The should internal of approximately there the hose and It to the hose without that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose covered with hoses of and from AEG Service Force
If the hose from the to that the and the hose the supplied. The of the hose the pumped-out the back the pliance. head of than Every includes the of and which through the outlet hose to height of measured from the which the heads of than please AEG Service Force and instructions
and instructions Technical of about to of Plate Water
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only cally, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Warranty
C Child Conditioning Customer Service Easy-cares Emergency emptying Hand-washables the Pre Pre-wash of frost the Warranty lightly Water Water Cooling Wool
Service If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that the purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ recorded Service
From the The The the of cleaning and than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without