KO-LAVAMAT The information
Dear Customer, Please this instruction the Please the instructions the first of this instruction the instruction reference, and to owners. The warning and or Warning! information that or the tion of the highlighted. It that this information This through the operation of the This information and using the and information about the and of the with the clover the of malfunction, these operating instructions information to these yourself. the section "What to Printed Thinking acting
CONTENTS Instructions of the Appliance option buttons and What UPDATE the First Sorting and and and Conditioners and and Water instructions the the speed/Selecting and closing the Loading the the the complete/Removing the
conditioning/starching and Cleaning Cleaning the What to Trouble Shooting If the satisfactory Carrying emptying Additional (RINSE+) Child and instructions of the Transporting the Installation-Site Installation the
Water Water Hose Water Drainage head of than Technical Warranty Service
Instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The features of AEG with technical and the Appliance as to inform about the following information. to the and this instruction If the the winter months and below the hours operation. The If the other or incorrectly operated, the which It to the specifications or to this which and follow the of the which with should washed. bear this when cleaned the dry-cleaning. and bleaching only specifically the of these products. This connected to the supply only. to frost covered the If the located which below emptying "carrying
Child There of suffocation! from This to operated allow children to with the or with the and children known to Please the of the off the and the the to Repairs to only inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force the the or the top or allowing to Switch off the and isolate from the supply carrying cleaning or the to the from the the and used. There of overheating! clean the with There of shock! high the of the become Allow the to cool cleaning the carry- emptying or the emergency. and hoses. This to the of shock and to the ance and property. from the Instructions
Instructions of the correctly. and of without to the and as follows: the outer covering and the >PE< the >PS< CFC-free) >POM< from and should the recycling. of the off the and the the catch to becoming authorised To and and to the that follow these pre-wash normally It to loads. loads, reduce the to thirds. and then the when light to normally areas, the of reduce the amount of necessary.
of the Appliance Screw (height-adjustable); foot. and required. Instructions plate front of Pre-wash or used.
Instructions The the of the of to the type of as as the OFF Switches the off, the switched other COTTONS/LINEN C to C ENERGY SAVING C lightly to normally combined with QUICK WASH). RINSE HOLD option OVER DOSING buttons DOOR START/ PAUSE
EASY-CARES easy-care C to C. EASY IRON C easy-care which, with the of this only DELICATES C or C. WOOL to C) and and with the GENTLE RINSE hand-washed from STARCHING starching, conditioning of washed from the and PUMP OUT the the of (without the the and SPIN the and or of hand-washed SHORT SPIN the the of and or (easy-cares, Instructions
Instructions option The options buttons to the to the of of the washing. options normally The together the PRE WASH the which follows automatically. There the pre-wash and the COTTONS LINEN The EASY-CARES and DELICATES follow the pre-wash without SOAKING 30C. The then follows automatically. QUICK WASH Shortened lightly STAIN treating heavily or (In-wash treatment from the the the the WOOL/ chosen, the options selected buttons
and The the following selected They useful the COTTONS/LINEN COTTONS/LINEN COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES DELICATES WOOL/ The selected tested with EN The however, the following: type and the used, the and the selected options. What UPDATE The of The software which this If ther to introduced updated. The of the the of the further information this please the AEG Customer Water Instructions
Instructions the First the slightly. about of through the the The the tion closed and the OKO function correctly. Carry without (COTTONS the of This from the and which Sorting and Sort to the and type and Empty to bunching of and to covers and and such as from Turn with layered Coloured, as as and with should and items tights and or with or burred, or or coloured and white together. This white or New, coloured often these the first and items of This and the distributed the
the the such as and and The chose the should to type and The indicated the the from and with this with- actions and high The COTTONS LINEN this type of of and which this withstand The COTTONS LINEN this type of Easy-cares such as treated and thetics which this action. The EASY CARES EASY IRON this type of such as those with layered synthetics, as as with this The DELICATES this type of Wool and such as and with this The WOOL this type of with this washed Instructions
Instructions and Conditioners Which and only and which follow the instructions. and The the of of the the of the the amount of Should the specify the than loads, reduce the accordingly: reduce the or EASY IRON reduce the the instructions and the and Water to high II upwards) used. to the instructions. Then the amount of Water Authority the of the Water to II III IV greater than than Water Water (Parts
instructions consists of the following the Select the and with the selector. Select options required. If necessary, the speed/select RINSE HOLD. the and the the the the with the START/PAUSE the If the with PUMP OUT, SPIN, or SHORT SPIN the the and the Switch off the the to OFF. Instructions
Instructions the and options to the type of the to the with the If option(s): The of the selected lights To the selection another To selection, the the speed/Selecting If necessary, the the spin/select RINSE HOLD: Press the HOLD repeatedly the of the or of RINSE HOLD If RINSE HOLD selected, the the It If the the to the COTTONS/LINEN EASY CARES EASY IRON DELICATES WOOL The of the intermediate the selected and
and closing the the the Press the closed. The displays DOOR and START/PAUSE when the switched whether the DOOR START/PAUSE The of high or high If the DOOR flashes red, and the MAIN WASH flashes, to without the correctly closed. this the closed and the Loading the loads. information about the of the "Sort and washing". Sort and the to type. the the the the when closing the The and the the firmly. lights flashes the START/PAUSE lights lights flashes off or lights Instructions
Instructions instructions concerning and conditioners, and conditioners". the the the as to to the and the Compartment in-wash treatment Compartment (If and the right the pre-wash/soaking the to the the Compartment finisher, starch) the MAX thick and starches the with to trouble-free If starch to the instructions Compartment pre-wash/soaking options PRE-WASH/SOAKING) or the If the recommended the with the
Starting the that the the Press START/PAUSE The If the DOOR and MAIN WASH displays the START/PAUSE then the closed properly. If this the and the START/ PAUSE to the the chosen displayed the the the displayed. Instructions
Instructions the or the Press the START/PAUSE Turn the to OFF. The If required, the to PUMP OUT and the START /PAUSE button. The with the START PAUSE and the the the turned to OFF. Selecting the The options QUICK WASH or STAIN selected the Press the START/PAUSE Press the QUICK WASH or STAIN button. Press the START/PAUSE The the the the or RINSE HOLD Press the START/PAUSE the with the speed/RINSE HOLD Press the START/PAUSE The
complete/Removing the Once the to END the If RINSE HOLD selected, the the START/ PAUSE flashes. the first Either the START/PAUSE (the and the to the completed the START/PAUSE the or Turn the to PUMP OUT and the START/PAUSE (the without or Turn the to SPIN or SHORT SPIN and the START/PAUSE (the and the or At the of this the END the as the DOOR lights the the Turn the to OFF. the the slightly that the that the If the OVERDOSING then too the completed. the of the as as the the Instructions
Instructions Not below, only those which and meaningful COTTONS/LINEN COTTONS/LINEN ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/LINEN to Easy-cares of Creases the the of to easy-care to of This of however, to recommended that the this instruction to. of selector; EASY-CARES PRE WASH to SOAKING QUICK WASH EASY IRON STAIN (or DELICATES WOOL COLD to options PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH STAIN PRE WASH SOAKING STAIN PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH STAIN PRE WASH SOAKING QUICK WASH STAIN
conditioning/starching STARCHING Easy-cares SPIN Easy-cares SHORT SPIN of of of Instructions GENTLE RINSE
Instructions and Cleaning household or cleaners to and operating the operating with cloth. The should cleaned from to the as as the sharply. the of the Clean the Clean the with It to the as as that securely
to the of the the the top of the the the and The from the which to the clean the with containing scouring containing or or AEG Service Force the cleaning With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of to there or the the and them. Instructions
Instructions Cleaning the and the with the and the casing. and of gather these items and the Therefore the should cleaned least once Warning! Switch off the and the cleaning the First emptying section "Carrying the front of the cover of the flow Unscrew the clockwise and from the housing. the cover. the the cover laterally the and screw the cover securely clock- the emptying hose and the the
What to Trouble Shooting to rectify the with the of the instructions If to or to caused incorrect or charge the The The child closed. The DOOR and MAIN WASH flashing. the The RINSE The The the household tion tripped or the household The correctly closed. START/PAUSE enough. The correctly closed. closed. screw of the hose Instructions the or the the The Press and the START/PAUSE the the child the section Child the correctly. the Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the the and
Instructions The tion or foaming the Water from the with The height-adjustable screw positioned. There the The the hose or the Probably too used. The screw the hose the hose and The hose necessary. The cover correctly. correctly closed. caught the The hose correctly sealed or The correctly the or the to and instructions. This the function. the hose and or the and, required, from the housing. It to reduce the amount of used. Follow the the hose screw Stop the from the the hose correctly section Carrying AEG Service Force the hose Clean the and the securely.
heavily creased. properly. Water the RINSE flash- The when the switched too the hose the head (outlet head from exceeded. If connected: Clean the The to high or high (The DOOR off). displays off.) reasons the to Instructions Follow instructions the easy- the EASY IRON Service Force as accessory heads Switch off the and the Clean the the DOOR lights Should to the the to OFF the tor to PUMP OUT. Press START/PAUSE the the If through the the first empty- section Carrying Emergency Emptying tion"). to the the
Instructions of building the The option the light Water the the screw tion of the hose the or the ance The with high The selected option combined with the Turn off the the Unscrew the hose from the and from the Clean the the necessary. another selection.
If the satisfactory If the greyish and the Incorrect used. pre-treated. or correctly. If the the If there the with ointments, grease or washed with The selected the too that with the these of as as and the If the the the sufficiently rinsed. If there white the These insoluble of They the of the or off. Turn the choice of and Instructions
Instructions Carrying emptying If the the emptying If the located which below might emptying Furthermore: the hose from the and off the Empty the Warning! Switch off the and the to Warning! The which flows of the emptying hose First allow the to the to catch the the the right of the outwards and off. the emptying hose from its the the the of the tying hose turning anticlockwise and The the amount of to the collecting To this, the emptying hose temporarily with the the from the the emptying hose and the from the
the completely the securely the emptying hose and clockwise to the emptying hose its the and Additional (RINSE+) The who from to helpful to with If RINSE+ with the COTTONS/ LINEN, EASY CARES/EASY IRON and DELICATES the from the factory, the function the function: Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY CARES/EASY IRONS or DELICATES (with the PRE WASH and QUICK WASH buttons least seconds. RINSE+ lights the The It manually celled. The increases and the the function: the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY CARES/EASY IRON or DELICATES. the PRE WASH and QUICK WASH least seconds. RINSE+ the The Instructions
Instructions Child If the the closed and started. the to the the of the clock- as as Warning! The otherwise the child active. The as shown the the Turn the anticlockwise as as
INSTALLATION AND CONNECTION INSTRUCTIONS Precautions the its front or its right from the This to the of the becoming inspect the the and of to serious to the or property. the correctly earthed to this should or that the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating to this should or and instructions
and instructions of the Transporting the the its front or its right from the front). This to the of the becoming the without the and the the the location. Transporting the without the the the the with trolley: the the only. It to the the operation. of the both hose the and the hoses and both hose off the with
The (E) and the (D) each) and (G) each) with the screws (A) with the the screws (B). the (C). Screw the screws (B) back the with the (D). the they the securely. the screw F, including the and washer, with the E. Cover the with the G. the they the securely. and instructions
and instructions Installation-Site The clean, and Minor of the should of or should the screw If the to heat cooking ance), heat the and the heat the locations where the below Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the
the foot: The foot of This the high If the as follows: the three to the of the If the foot reach the Manually the foot to the length. the using or of or to the the and instructions
and instructions to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Cord
WARNING! off serious (shock) that the off of the of necessary that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth This with the following EU EEC February include Notice EEC EMC EEC including Notice EEC. This with the the EEC Directive AC: rating rating further information. This VDE of electricity authorities This conforms to EEC Directive 82/499/EWG interference. WARNING! Repairs to trained repairs to serious the and instructions
and instructions Water The with back- of the supply and with authority This to plumbed supply. the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the Appliances connecting to connected to hose the Water The to within the following If than If than Unscrew the hose from the the and the flow (to this, the with and the washer the the
Hose hose of supplied. If inflow hose required, of hoses with hose screw from AEG Service Force Hose of and without Hose of and with to the hoses! the of the hose screw or the other the hose with the to the the hose instead to the right or as shown the the hose screw hand. the hose with the straight to with screw thread (inches) the screw hand. the the operation, that the free of and instructions
and instructions Water Drainage The hose should the the hose the supplied. The should internal of there the hose and It to the hose without that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose covered with hoses of and from AEG Service Force
If the hose from the to that the and the hose the supplied. The of the hose the pumped-out the back the head of than Every includes the of and which through the outlet hose to height of measured from the which the heads of than please AEG Service Force and instructions
and instructions Technical Height the of rating plate Water
WARRANTY CONDITIONS Great Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The where or formance to unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Warranty
Index INDEX foot C the Child Circulation Customer Service Easy-cares Emergency emptying OKO the Pre Pre-washing of frost Service the Warranty coloureds lightly Water off Hand-washable
SERVICE SPARE PARTS If carrying the there with please AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Please type of telephoning. to know. and Clear and of the What the the The and of purchase. This information found the rating these to write them below. PNC S-No. Customer AEG or further infor- mation AEG products please or telephone the below or www.aeghome.co.uk Customer AEG Appliances High Slough, SL1 1DZ to this recorded Service
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG