AW AW
Thank selecting of with and hope that when purchasing household Please this and throughout the as reference The user should to of the The following this information concerning and information to the information and information information of the and information the first and cleaning Something Technical instruction
information the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the it or that everyone using through its properly and It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply clean and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the the supply If the please the to allow to freely the that there from hoses and their the If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should plumber or to this should or
This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the their This children or infirm without Young should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that children or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If necessary coin. To this and the of closing the the clockwise the
of the Prewash
and Synthetics, Wool, Handwash, and On/Off switch The allows to the to washed. reduction and option The allows to and/or to switch the on/off. Press this repeatedly to the to from the the or to option. The light light
Option Functions RINSE HOLD selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished, the light of off and the to that the EASY IRON Selecting this option the gently and to creasing. this Furthermore the selecting the reduced automatically. SUPER QUICK Short lightly items or which freshening to reduce the of this only of following options: Iron or The light light of this the The light light This allows to the selected the light flashing. This which the light to flash. The lights the phase. EXTRA RINSE The the This option recommended people who to and where the The light (A) The light (B) when the or The light (C) the of the
of of COTTONS (Normal) (normally items) to Cold COTTONS PREWASH (heavily items) to Cold COTTONS White coloured (normally items) ECONOMY to COTTONS PREWASH to White coloured (heavily items) SYNTHETICS (Normal) to Cold Synthetic or SYNTHETICS PREWASH to Cold Synthetic or DELICATES items to Cold WOOL to Cold red./ Iron, Quick, red./Rinse Iron, Quick, red./Rinse Iron, red./Rinse Iron, red./Rinse Iron, Quick, red./Rinse Iron, Quick, Quick, red./Rinse Prewash, Prewash, Short Prewash, Short Short Short
of of with the HANDWASH to Cold or items JEANS heavily sportwear items SPORT INTENSIVE to Cold with washed items RINSES emptying the of DRAIN the hand items SPIN Switching off the To to incorrect option selection or to switch the off. Synthetics and Delicates....2,5 Wool/Handwash Sport red./Rinse red./ red./ red./ reduction Synthetics/ Short Prewash Short and
information Sport and coloured With the phase of this to of that reduce the amount to performance. This heavily items. The prewash phase the to that NOT the the of the to the the with only With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced emptying the the of with option. Turn first the to then and the items washed hand. According to the type of to choose of the from the This selected emptying the and the of with option.
hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) or normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the non-shrink. the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and
based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with methylated from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the
of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply Follow the instructions to of Follow the manufacturers instructions to the first WARNING! that the and comply with the instructions. IMPORTANT! the and from the IMPORTANT! of the of the to the ECO Then 90C, without the to from the and of the and the the lightly amounts of Characteristic T.H.
the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Measure the and the the the amount of required, the and, to with the prewash, the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. the of the Turn the to the The light of to flash. It turned clockwise or anticlockwise. On the and the switched OFF. At the of the the turned to to switch the off. ATTENTION! If the to another when the the light of to selection. The the selected Select the of the Turn the to the It to from 90C to Cold. the allowed each to the section Select the or option The light light selecting the light to the allowed that to the section Select the option of buttons and the combined. These selected choosing the and the the of the options with the to the section
the To the selected this the light flashing. On the light to that the operating and the locked. IMPORTANT! If option which with the selected, the light of this flashes option or It to option the change, the the Turn the to and then to the the the The the Press the to which the light to flash. Press the to the Turn the to to which You the the First the to the the If the already heating, that the the of the the If the to it to switch the off turning the to the to the and this to the and the options and then the At the of the The automatically. The light of and the phase lights and off, while the phase light C The If the of there the to the follow the following instructions the to the or reduce the of the At the of the the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
and cleaning IMPORTANT! You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. To cleaning, the top of the should the the catch and to of Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the emptying the and its the cover and to of when the cover. the to the to
from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. IMPORTANT! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, it securely as to and children to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to clean from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the using Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the to the that the 0C. Screw the cover the IMPORTANT! Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE that of the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as the emptying hose its seat the and the
Something IMPORTANT! to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. that the light of flashes to that the Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The The The then immediately: The closed. light of flashes) the firmly. The properly the the the There the Please installation. The blown. the The correctly and the pressed. Please the and the The closed. light of flashes) the The hose or light of flashes) the hose The the hose light of flashes) Clean the hose The properly closed. light of flashes) the firmly. The of the hose too to section.
Malfunction The and/or There the Unsatisfactory The hose or light of flashes) the hose The clogged. light of flashes) Clean the The the Redistribute the The option selected. the or Too or too used. the or another whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to the hose The hose with The the emptying hose cleaning the the the emptying hose and the back its seat. Too or used. Increase the or another Stubborn treated to products to the The selected. selected the the amount of
Malfunction The The or or the The the The the of The released. the released. There the Select or to the The and the of the The the of the The distributed the Redistribute the there too the The the distributed the The redistributed rotation of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the Redistribute the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based using without affecting performance.
If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. Technical Information the the rating plate the of the Water supply (AW W) (AW W) Height (including the porthole)
Synthetics Wool Information The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each The 60C with of the reference the the with EEC Water
Instructions Unpacking and using the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With and the Unscrew and the and the C the the C and the the porthole, the hose from the and the with the the the and the with the the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation.Never or the to the C C
Water hose and found the the hose from previous to to the supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of The connected to supply. of of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the Water This to permanently plumbed of the following Firstly the of the hose the U supplied. the hose which should internal of there the hose and that the top of the than and than NOTE should with authority and building regulations
The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of Onto outlet If the outlet that the hose the and with required, the hose to from the the connecting the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and with and of the operation. mounted to If the If hose this below) the U the hose the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the WARNING! The should NOT carpeting. NOTE Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the and dishwashers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and
If further please authority. to this should or WARNING! This earthed. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating IMPORTANT! Information the the rating plate the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown..................................................- The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. off serious (shock) that the off of Should the to replaced, this Service Force The easily the the of necessary that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth WARNING!
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.com www.tricity-bendix.co.uk to without