INSTRUCTION BOOKLET RUKOVODSTVO PO KSPLUATACII BRUKSANVISNING KYTTOHJE WASHING MACHINE STIRALWNA TVTTMASKIN PYYKINPESUKONE EW EW EW EW GB RUS FIN
Please these operating instructions and to the indicated the first that this instruction reference and to owners. the that If and the Service The of this the following The and/or the (Warning!, information that or functioning of the The information with this instructions and the of the and information about and of the with this to the protection of the
protection Technical specifications Positioning Water Water of the light Functions information hints Sorting the the and additives International Water Emergency emptying Something ENGLISH
The following the interests of You them or using the internal the Serious caused to the or the protective or completely to the the instruction to this to this plumber. the that its supply If the that freely the and the This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the Follow the instructions the instruction that empty. such as and screws with trichlorethylene, If such to to they completely from the the items such as cloth or pillowcase to them the and the only the recommended of amount the the porthole slightly when the This the and the formation of that the If the following the instructions the instruction the and the Repairs to the only Repairs inexperienced serious Service the supply to the from the of the high the
Child Children often of the should and allowed to with the The to children of suffocation! them of reach. The with the >PE< >PS< >PP< This that they of them properly protection To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. of reach. that or the the to scrapped, off the supply and the with the the catch to from becoming while authorised to country With and the then washed Measure to the the of and the of washed. ENGLISH
Technical DIMENSIONS Height MAXIMUM LOAD Synthetics SPIN SPEED (EW 1077F) (EW 1277F) (EW 1477F) (EW 1677F) POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE/FREQUENCY V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED MINIMUM FUSE PROTECTION WATER PRESSURE This with the following EEC Directives: 73/23/EEC of relating to 89/336/EEC of relating to compatibility.
Unpacking and the You to that they the to and the right-hand and the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the P0255 the from the of the and release the the right-hand then the them the of the P1066 P1068 the upright and the from the back. the three spacers from the which the fitted. the with the which the containing the P0020 P0256 Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other screwing the or or the to the P1051 Water the hose to with thread. already hoses to the to the The other of the hose which to the the the hose and the there P1088 P0021 The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of ENGLISH
Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This to the with of or attaching to the P0022 branch This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose the the the P0023 This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other the to earthed Please that when the the supply easily The responsibility or through to comply with the Should the supply to replaced, this should Service
This which with the Direct effective treatment of with and Further of and electricity to the and type of washed. The the function of and selection, to the The shows the selected and the phase which cooling of the to 60C with the 95C This reduces thermal shock to to creasing. The with its treats with The the the of the chart light light It the whole indicating that the locked. the light the Prewash starch P0874 EW ENGLISH
chart Mains-on light This light when the ON/OFF pressed, and when it ON/OFF Press this to switch the Press to switch the off. The (light section) Synthetics (yellow section) section) (hand section) C The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to the ENERGY SAVING and to At the of the the to Option buttons the combined. These selected choosing the and the START/PAUSE these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the lights about seconds and the displayed. Prewash The prewash 30C The prewash with and Synthetics, and with emptying of the Delicates. This option with the when heavily Press this to reduce the of the the the selected or to The light to the selected option The following the EW
(EW F) (EW F) (EW F) (EW F) Synthetics, Delicates: selecting this option the phases This function and To selected items. this pressed, the to the from creasing. the finished, the light of the START/PAUSE flashes and the phase light alight to that the To there Select The without Attention! selecting the to START/PAUSE the the to the type of selected. Select the of the and then the START/PAUSE this the reduced as follows: 95C 60C synthetics This option with the and the To lightly Can with the The instead of This option recommended people who to and where the This function selected and synthetics with of or The of about to the the to the To with stubborn DELAY START The from hour to of hours of this Switch the the ON/OFF Select the and the Select the START/PAUSE the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. START/PAUSE DELAY START the displayed. If to the the only once the displayed. START/PAUSE Selecting the the ENGLISH
DISPLAY The shows the following information: Duration of the Incorrect option selection of If three flashing appear the Duration of the selected selecting the hours and The the of the each type of the started, the The selected hours of the appears the seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The countdown updated hour. If option which with the selected, the displayed seconds. the of operating displayed, E20 Something the finished flashing displayed. Incorrect option selection E20 of
If selected the option the flash. START/PAUSE This three of selected the this to the the light flashing. If selected the the its countdown. The of the or the appears the To which the the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the START/PAUSE of the The of The of the with option and the selecting the the lights to the phases the the started, the phase light the finished, the light The END light flashes the of operating At the of the following lights to and appears the E10 the E20 the E40 the closed To the Something If the of the the light flashes this that the cleaned. Functions of the locked light the The light (END) the flashing appears the Switch the off and the Turn the to You the the started, turning the to and then the the START/PAUSE the START/PAUSE to which the light ENGLISH
to flash. the to the Turn the to to which three flashing appear the the the the to PAUSE the START/PAUSE The when the light If the this that the heating, that the the of the or that the If the to to switch the off the ON/OFF about the to the and To the ON/OFF closing the information Wool as as and with the Select this heavily the the This The 30C and with the the The only the START/PAUSE and the to reduce eventually the of and START/PAUSE If the within hours, the automatically. At the of the the the Turn first the to then the and the START/PAUSE With this to and which washed hand. The the The reduced washed with this The followed the which reduced emptying the of the with the option. Turn first the to then and the START/PAUSE the You reduce the of to to the to This that with the following options: reduction, and To which lightly or which freshening 30C To turn the to selected. C Short
hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white (cold) items including synthetic and the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. ENGLISH
the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic French T.H. than than
International These appear to choose the to C Bleaching Bleach bleach C C C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble C C C cleaning and high ENGLISH
first of that 60C, with the empty, to from the and of the and the the the the the the item them as as the P0004 Measure the the the amount of recommended the and the If to the prewash, the the additives If required, the without exceeding the MAX P0876 Switch the To switch the the ON/OFF the light If the the RESET three flashing displayed. If the flashing displayed. Select the Turn the to the the lights to the phases the selected light The of the appears the Select the or option the to choose the or option the light P0877 C
Select the options The light to the the DELAY START option To of the DELAY START The to the selected about seconds, which the of the selected appear the this to other START/PAUSE the the and START/PAUSE the To the selected the START/PAUSE the light flashing. The light to the phase which The light to that the locked. The If selected the the its countdown. The shows the or the of the At the of the The automatically. If the anti-crease option selected, the light of the START/PAUSE flashes and the light of the to that the the The shows At the of the flashing appears the The the light Release of the indicated the of the light Turn the to Switch the off the ON/OFF the from the and that the as to items or their of whites. If to another the the to the formation of and ENGLISH
chart of Additional Section light White light coloureds light Non-fast coloureds Synthetics yellow Wool The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each with EC the indicated the to the 60C ECONOMY PROGRAMMES slightly/normally or synthetics the 95C Normal BIO 60C Normal BIO 40C or Normal BIO 60C or BIO 40C 40C or Water
chart Selector Additional Section C Short The shown this chart to purely as it the and type of and the 30C with To START/PAUSE The hours. with additives with 30C the which Water ENGLISH
Clean the of the with and household with and with cloth. or products to the while, and the Clean the from to To the from the the the corner. To cleaning, the top of the P0878 P0879 the recess: clean with toothbrush. the cleaning. P0038 The collects threads and the that the clean. the the and P0861 the Clean the then screwing P0040 P0859 Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the and the Clean the with Screw the hose back the P1090 P0860
Emergency emptying If the (outlet or hose clogged), as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the hose the and the Should to to the outlet hose because, the built the slightly the the to the slowly. At the screw the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the hose and that of the hose the Select and the Turn the to Switch the OFF button Screw the hose back and the hose back its this, the the formation of and, of the affected the that the 0C. ENGLISH
Something which yourself. operation that of the following appears the and the the light the light of the START/PAUSE and of the following lights to flash: E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the the START/PAUSE to the If the Service The The closed. (E40) The or there the The The correctly. The START/PAUSE depressed. The DELAY START option selected. The The closed. (E10) The hose or (E10) The the hose (E10) The properly closed. (E40) The then immediately: The and/or There the Too or too used. whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose Unsatisfactory Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The or The The The released. The the of the The heating the The of the hose too to section. The hose or (E20) The option or selected. The clogged. (E20) The and The feet The distributed the there the
or the enough: Water the The which the of technology, with Performance nevertheless P1035UK If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the If the of the the enough, redistribute the manually and the The The with which performance. P0042 BD P1034UK ENGLISH