Washer Instruction EW 80F
Black protection Technical specifications Positioning Water Water hints Sorting the the Removing and additives The of this the following The warning and/or the (Warning!, information that or functioning of the The information with this instructions and the of the and information about and of the with this International each Water Emergency emptying The of Trouble-Shooting Warranty New Warranty to the protection of the
Black Dear customer, Please these operating instructions and to the indicated below. that this instruction reference and to owners. The following the interests of You them or the the that If and the Service internal using the Serious caused to the or the protective or completely to the the instruction to this to this plumber. the that its If the that freely the and the The incorporates backflow protection complying with AS/NZS further backflow protection to the supply. This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the Follow the instructions the instruction that empty. such as and screws with trichlorethylene, If such to to they completely from the the items such as cloth or pillowcase to them the and the the of amount the the porthole slightly when the This the and the formation of that the the If the following the instructions the instruction the and the off Repairs to the Repairs inexperienced serious Service the supply to the from the of the high the Child This or infirm without children should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. the to scrapped, off the supply and the with the the catch to from becoming while
Black that or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the protection To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing or to and (the protected The it loaded. Technical specifications DIMENSIONS Height MAXIMUM LOAD Synthetics and MAX. SPIN SPEED POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED MINIMUM FUSE PROTECTION WATER PRESSURE The with the >PE< >PS< >PP< This that they of them properly authorised to country With and the then washed Measure to the the of and the of washed.
Black and using the You to that they the to and the screws. the the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the the from the of the and release the the polythene the right and then the right polythene the and then upwards. the upright and the rear screw. the the with the which the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or screwing the or or the to the Water the hose to with BSP thread. the hose with the DO NOT USE OLD HOSES. The other of the hose which to the turned the the hose and the there
Black The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of Water The of the hose four the of using the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the the should where or located to which from the to hose or malfunction. The hose the the the The hose to of hose and from Service the properly earthed DO NOT USE AN EXTENSION CORD. CAUTION If the from or outlet the or outlet that to splashing or of IMPORTANT! If the of this the Authorised Service or to The responsibility or through to with the
Black This which with the New effective treatment of with and The of selecting the and the options offered this customised The DELAY START option allows to of the to of the allowing instance to of overnight electricity The with its treats with The the the The three The of shows which to Compartment this when Prewash or Compartment this Compartment this and starching switching the and the and that the efficiently from the
Black ON/OFF Press this to switch the The three or You DISPLAY). Press the ON/OFF to switch the off. MAINS-ON light This light connected to the ON/OFF It lights when the and when FABRICS Press this repeatedly to the the of the type of to washed. The light to the selected light The and the the chose. You these operating buttons and On the the of the appear, the each type of and the START/PAUSE light to flash. this of clothing whose that they hand-washed TEMPERATURE Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed from the the The light light 95C 60C synthetic 40C and to hand-washed (HAND WASH selecting COLD the with To items, such as TEMPERATURE and SPIN SPEED the acoustic the of the the and of selection SPIN SPEED Press this repeatedly to the to from the the The light light synthetic and to handwashed: NIGHT CYCLE when choose this option, the the of the as to the phases this and On and synthetic the with At the of the the light to the option NIGHT CYCLE the START/PAUSE light and the to that the appear the
Black To the choose of the following options: and Press the START/PAUSE The the then the the the selected Select of and the START/PAUSE Press the SKIP/RESET once as to the DRAIN light to light then the START/PAUSE If the the hours. If the SKIP/RESET than once, the three To the to the of the FABRICS then SKIP/RESET three to the DRAIN (only the DRAIN light OPTIONS buttons Press this to the following options: PREWASH this option to prewashed the WOOL and HAND WASH The prewash with and synthetic whereas the the The Prewash the and the selected together. SOAK this option to of about 30C to the DELAY START the prolonged to hours this the This function and hand- The with and synthetic whereas the the QUICK WASH this function that only slightly WOOL and HAND WASH The reduced to the type of and the selected SUPER RINSE with the WOOL and HAND WASH The instead of This option recommended people who to and where the ECO this option with C and synthetics C. If this option the and, the increases. This function with normally to The and the options selected together of the The following information shown the Three when of the SKIP RESET The three appear when the ON/OFF to switch the the selected Duration of hours and selected While the the START/PAUSE the displayed
Black The with the of with NIGHT CYCLE option: this indicated The completed the this indicated The reappear when switch the the previous of the SKIP RESET button. The first the when switch This to the fact that the the inspection tests, and this its indicated hours and selected of the The displayed seconds, then the of the selected reappears. the START/PAUSE the countdown and the hour. You the of every to hours hour selecting the DELAY START incorrect option selection this indicated the when function incompatible with the selected. the operation the chapter START/PAUSE This three selected the and this to the The light the flashing and If selected of the the countdown and shown the when this the interrupted. The light the To the the You the to PAUSE the of and the of with the NIGHT CYCLE option.
Black SKIP RESET This Clears the memory Selects At the of every the RESET once or repeatedly to clear the memory. This confirmed three flashing the If the cleared, the flashing and sound, when switch the Selecting selected the (START pressed) The SKIP then to or the to the phase. The SKIP when the The light consists of the following phases, and confirmed the of the To the (START/PAUSE depressed), the SKIP once, the LED To only, the SKIP The To the SKIP three the and the LED
Black DELAY START This to the of the to hours. The selected shown the about seconds; the of the reappears. If the SOAK the selected to the If selected the about You this option the and the START/PAUSE The shown the You the the START/PAUSE then the DELAY START the appears the At the the START/PAUSE If already the START/PAUSE and to the as follows: the to PAUSE the START/PAUSE the DELAY START once to the The the START/PAUSE The throughout the If to the first the to PAUSE the START/PAUSE closed the the START/PAUSE phase lights the lights to the phases that the light the the light to the phase that currently
Black hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white Cold items including synthetic and The of this the of products that the washed to the instructions the and those issued the of this M9604. the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling towel cloth blouse Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth.
Black or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with with trichlorethylene, If such to to they completely from the the and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and The and additives the of the the If without prewash selected. If with the the which should then top of the and the back of the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the of to The of the of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply Follow the instructions to enough the to greasy clothes. Too reduced and the lightly amounts of
Black the first that 60C, with the empty, to from the and of the and the the the the the the item them as as the the the Measure the amount of recommended the and the If to with prewash or phase, the Please with this the the back of the the If required, the without exceeding the MAX Switch the To switch the the ON/OFF the light The three or Select the Press the FABRICS repeatedly, to the The light light The lights to the phases that the light The the of the selected the of the each type of The light of the START/PAUSE If the of to washed the of the the the to the The the of the
Black Select the Press the TEMPERATURE to from the the The light light Select the SPIN SPEED or the NIGHT CYCLE option Press the SPIN SPEED repeatedly, to the or the NIGHT CYCLE option. The light light If the NIGHT CYCLE option, the the of the with the the Select the options If or to the PREWASH, SUPER RINSE and/or SOAK option. Press the OPTIONS as to the light of the option If only slightly ECO or QUICK WASH The light Select the DELAY START the the to the DELAY START repeatedly, or pressed, to the The selected to hours) appear the seconds, then the of the appear the Press the START/PAUSE The light flashing and the light to the phase that If chosen the the countdown. The the of the or the selected
Black to its the the START/PAUSE It to phase the the type of or the phase. If to the to the as follows: PAUSE the the START/PAUSE the SKIP RESET repeatedly, only the DRAIN light the START/PAUSE the the shows You and the START/PAUSE to to its To that first the the START/PAUSE then the SKIP RESET repeatedly, the shows three How to the the of You the the to PAUSE, the following the the heating phase 55C; the of the high; the If these when the the Should to the and should absolutely to switch the off the ON/OFF the to the and of the the the and the ON/OFF the the from the of where interrupted. of At the of the the automatically, and displays If selected the NIGHT CYCLE option the light the START/PAUSE light and the to that the appear the To and (NIGHT CYCLE the completed, appears the Press the SKIP RESET repeatedly to the that If to this, the switch the the appear the and acoustic when switch the the to the FABRICS and Press the ON/OFF to switch the off. The light the from the whether the completely empty, rotating with hand. The of this to items of from the where they might or another of to the supply and the from the the to the
Black of and of COTTONS Whites and coloureds COTTONS Coloureds SYNTHETICS/MIXED FABRICS Whites and coloureds DELICATES Wool Specially tested the Handwash With PREWASH or SOAK option 60-40C. C or 95C C C C Co C or C C C C C or Short Synthetics C C C C C or Short Delicates C C C C or Short Wool C C C 30-C or Short Handwash C C C options SPIN SPEED NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH SOAK SUPER RINSE QUICK WASH ECO SPIN SPEED NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH SOAK SUPER RINSE QUICK WASH ECO SPIN SPEED NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH SOAK SUPER RINSE QUICK WASH ECO SPIN SPEED NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH SOAK SUPER RINSE QUICK WASH SPIN SPEED NIGHT CYCLE SPIN SPEED NIGHT CYCLE
Black International These appear to choose the to 95C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 60C 40C 30C cleaning and high
Black or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of from to the and that the Clean the of the with and to dishes. with and with cloth. or products to the while, and the Inspect the regularly. To the from the the the corner. To cleaning, the top of the Clean the the recess: with toothbrush. the cleaning.
Black The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If necessary the cooled the to the to Release the emptying the and its the and to of when the guard. from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the and the
Black The of If the where the below 0C, as follows: the from the the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the the formation of and, of the affected the that the 0C.
Black Trouble-Shooting to of or oversights, which easily without service technician. Service please the below. operation it that of the following appear the then warning heard. E10 there E20 the E40 Once the the START PAUSE to the If the Service The The closed. (E40) The or there the The The START PAUSE depressed. The DELAY START option selected. The The closed. (E10) The hose or (E10) The the hose (E10) The properly closed. (E40) The then immediately: The and/or Too or There the too used. whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The screwed Unsatisfactory Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The or The and The The distributed the there the The of the hose too to section. The hose or (E20) The NIGHT CYCLE option selected. The clogged. (E20) The the emptying hose cleaning the
Black The the The The released. The the of the The heating the or the enough: based the using without affecting performance. The The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the or If the of the the enough, redistribute the manually and the
Black ELECTROLUX APPLIANCE WARRANTY NEW ZEALAND This warranted Products (NZ) (the Company) from the of purchase. The following and apply: The or its Authorised Service the of or of the which the or its Authorised Service of months following the of purchase (the Warranty the Warranty the or its Authorised Service the of or which they Light and and covered this warranty. The and operated with the Companys instructions. This Warranty apply to wear and tear, or service, which or This Warranty apply to caused dismantled, repaired or serviced other than authorised the Company. If the service of the or its Authorised Service this warranty cover the of of the service the Authorised Service to and from home. If to the to the or its Authorised Service securely and insured. The responsibility or to the or its Authorised Service This warranty the warranty the Company. This Warranty cover or to this caused directly or indirectly or incorrect supply. The (and related to the Company) or or or directly or indirectly from the or to this or or or of other property. Nothing this warranty to the rights the Consumer to the that Act, and of this warranty as to the to to that The Consumer apply the of business (as that Act). This warranty to from of purchase the IMPORTANT NOTICE service please the warranty and the operating instructions and service If the of the responsibility reasons service Please of purchase to Authorised Service should warranty service required. SERVICE CENTRES PLEASE PHONE Authorised Service please The Appliance Servicing OR
Black Nothing this warranty, rights the or other Commonwealth or State legislation. rights the this warranty. to the below, this warranted Products A.B.N. (the Company), to free from and workmanship of months following the of purchase (the Warranty Conditions of the warranty: the Warranty the Company, or its service only the of or which the to The there and/or workmanship. Light and and covered this warranty. This warranty and The and operated with the Companys instructions. This warranty apply to wear and tear, or service, which fire or This warranty apply to caused dismantled, repaired or serviced other than authorised the Company. If the service of the or of its service this warranty cover the of of the service the service to and from If to the to the or its service securely and insured. The responsibility or of the to the or its service This warranty cover or to this caused directly or indirectly or incorrect supply. The (and related to the Company) or or or or or or of property directly or indirectly from the or to this or of its This warranty to the This warranty the warranty the Company. If the please of purchase, which service this warranty. The Warranty when and family. of this covered this warranty of months from the of purchase. FOR SERVICE IN AUSTRALIA FOR SPARE PARTS IN AUSTRALIA PLEASE CALL PLEASE CALL The Group. The Choice The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and mowers) each year to of USD than countries around the world. ELECTROLUX WARRANTY AUSTRALIA