Black
Black Information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the These the of You MUST them or using the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this and Serious to the and to property this to. section instructions. to this should or to this should or to that the the supply If the please the to allow to freely. that there from hoses and their the installation. Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and known to Please The becomes the from the of the whilst operation. from of reach. the and turn off the supply the section the instruction which to washed. If the the clothes. washing, that and buttons and or torn and such as and wired NOT washed. such as screws, or other and the which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the items such as or as such items to the and the the of to the to the of and should washed of their please with the of the item the porthole slightly washes to the should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
Black the Information New of the Appliance Child The information the the and the Switch the Select the Select the or the option Select the options Select the DELAY START the At the of the Which which The following found the text to throughout the instructions: and Cleaning each cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the The of Emergency emptying Something Not Service and the Instructions Technical Specifications Unpacking Positioning Water Water the of the Building-in to the Instruction instructions and information
Black New with the JET SYSTEM, effective treatment of with and the amount of to the and type of cooling of the to 60C with the 95C This reduces thermal shock to to creasing. The with its treats with The that the when hints To and and the that follow these hints: the of to the of supply, the amount of and the of Select lightly without prewash normally The loaded. With and the then washed with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the distributed the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the manually and information the section headed "Something Not the of the with the with Council or Health Office to there this the to scrapped, off the and the to from to country authorised The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the to the
Black of the Appliance Prewash The chart the of the Child This incorporates child to children from the To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
Black The The chart the of the Mains-on light This light when the ON/OFF pressed, and when ON/OFF Press this to switch the Press to switch the off. Option buttons the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the START PAUSE these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the light flashes about seconds and the displayed. Prewash The prewash 30C The prewash with and Synthetics, and with emptying of the Delicates. This option with the and when heavily Press this to reduce the of the the the selected or to The light to the selected option The following the Synthetics, Wool and option selected, the to the from creasing. the finished, the locked, the light of the START PAUSE the and lights the alight and flashing appears the to that the To there Select The without or Select or reduce eventually the of the and then the The and the the selected Attention! selecting or the to This option lightly synthetic or items that or This option with the Wool and
Black Handwash the E60 and E40, and and with INTENSIVE option. this the intensity reduced. The the and Synthetics This option with and Iron Wool and This option recommended coloureds items. Night choose this option, the the of the as to crease the phases this and selected or with On and synthetic the with To the choose of the following To the of the then the To the choose or of the of and then the choosing the or the to This option selected heavily If this the intensity increased and the prolonged the selected type of This option selected with and synthetic selected with the E60 and E40, and and and with QUICK WASH option. The from hours and then hour to of hours of this Selecting the Select the and the options. the START PAUSE the its countdown. The the selected expired. The DELAY START with RAIN SPIN or ELICATE PIN the already the START PAUSE DELAY START displayed. START PAUSE to the immediately. START/PAUSE This selected the this to the the light flashing. If selected the the its countdown. The of the or the appears the To which the START PAUSE the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the START PAUSE The shows the following information: Duration of the Incorrect option selection of
Black of the If the turned to three displayed. (If the turned to the of the when the ON/OFF to switch the the Duration of the selected selecting the displayed hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the updated The selected hours of the appears the seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The countdown every hour and, when the hours, each Incorrect option selection option which with the selected, the seconds. the of operating displayed, E20 Something of the finished flashing displayed. The when the light and the or Night option selected. selecting the the lights to the phases the
Black the started, only the phase light and the finished, the light The light flashes the of operating and the appears the E10 the E20 the E40 the closed To the Something If the light flashes the of the this that the cleaned. The the following Synthetics Wool Handwash The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. E60 E40 and to the ENERGY SAVING and to At the of the the turned to Functions of the light the the the or Night option selected). Turn the to Switch the off the ON/OFF the option or It to option the change, the the START PAUSE Turn the to and then to the the the START PAUSE The the the START PAUSE to which the light to flash. the to the the the You the the to PAUSE, the following the heated 55C; the of the high; the If these when the the
Black Should to the and should absolutely to switch the off the ON/OFF approximately the to the and of the the the and the ON/OFF the the from the where interrupted. information With this to coloureds items or To slightly 40C This which lightly or which freshening To items. 60C 40C Wool Handwash as as and with the hand With this to and which hand. The followed The reduced button. emptying the of the with the or Night option. Turn first the to then and the the washed You reduce the of to to the to washed synthetics and With this the gently washed and to creasing. this To synthetic items. 40C To the to selected.
Black the first that 95C, without the to from the and of the of the and the the the the outwards. the the item them as as the the and the the the amount of and the If selected the Prewash option, the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Switch the To switch the the /O FF button: the light The three flashing or If the the three flashing displayed. If the the of the previous flashing appears the Select the Turn the to the the the of the selected The lights to the phases the selected light The shows the of the
Black Select the SPIN or RINSE HOLD option the to choose the or option the light Select the options The light to the Select the DELAY START To of the the The to the selected displayed about seconds, which the of the selected appear the this to other START PAUSE the the and START PAUSE the To the selected the button; the light flashing and the light to the phase which The operating. If selected, the countdown At the of the The automatically. The shows If the or Night option selected, the locked, the light of the the and lights the to that the the The shows flashing To the turning the to the without or Select the of the and then the button. The and the the selected At the of the the light of the and the light The Turn the to Switch the off the ON/OFF the from the and that the as to items or their of whites. If to another the the to the formation of and
Black NOT the the the first the The of the items below as Tablecloth Tea towel hand towel Towelling Towelling bath Bath Apron the items with ones. Sort the to the type of and or torn items as they of which screws as these the the and and buttons. It to coloured items when the first together, the lowest White items should washed with coloured items. items ribbons, should washed or the of Bleach should with and of reach of such as to and should treated with products, which found household shops. to the with or New Wool washed the the other of should or cleaned. The of this the of products that the to the instructions the and those issued the of this M9605. If the to or there the To with the and and without to that from the Once finished the to and off the JETSYSTEM the and to to as to the amount of that should Therefore that approximately than the the or bottle, the allowances or light or heavy clothes. If the amount correctly should to the It to head of lather the
Black Which To the from to the right and recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to cleaning and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which Fairy. cleaning and COLOUREDS coloured items should which to clean while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and other LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and coloureds. which Not there of they Whether chose or or own choice. TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce synthetics and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce the to of and the
Black to clothes with the The with the of The easy to the WASHING SYMBOL BLEACHING IRONING DRY CLEANING TUMBLE DRYING Notes the and additives. Once the gently. This using WASH ACTION FABRIC Normal Normal Reduced Normal Reduced Reduced Chlorine bleach Cool cleaned. Other and/or beneath the the to the cleaner. with high heat with heat through DO NOT to the the prematurely. using and prewash the the the the prewash finished. White or without or without Colourfast 60C. Polyester/Cotton, with Finishes, Acrylic or Colourfast 40C 60C. Acrylics, Wool Wool, Wool Acrylic,
Black of Additional functions Section C OTTON Whites C OTTON Whites and coloureds C OTTON E60 Whites Coloureds C OTTON E40 Whites and Coloureds C OTTON C OTTON Whites, Coloureds (Cold) C OTTON Non-fast coloureds YNTHETICS Synthetics YNTHETICS Synthetics (Cold) YNTHETICS Synthetics ELICATES The Whites E60 C the reference the the with EC This purely as indication: the relation to the and type of the of the supply and the The to the highest each R. Prewash, Night 95C Normal 60C Normal R. Prewash, Sensitive, Night 60C Normal R. Prewash, Night 40C Normal R. Prewash, Sensitive, Night Normal R. Prewash, Night Normal R. Prewash, Night or Normal R. Prewash, Sensitive, Night R. Prewash, Night 60C R. Prewash, Night 40C or R. Prewash, Sensitive, Night 30-40C Prewash, Night Water
Black of Additional Section OOL (Cold) Wool Handwashed items HANDWASH Additional Selector functions with emptying the with the or Night option synthetics, and the which This purely as indication: the relation to the and type of the of the supply and the R. Night 30-40C or R. Night R. Night Water Water
Black and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of (such as cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The the functioning of the and should therefore cleaned every the to catch If the and the to to the manually from the this To this, the hose from the or and the of the hose the The should the the the hose back and the the flowing
Black Unscrew and the Clean fast Warning the and the selected there the the the finished the and empty. the securely as to and to The If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the using Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the hose from the rear and the of this hose and that of the hose the the Screw the hose and the to the that the 0C. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled Unscrew and the the The should the the the the flowing the as previously screw the
Black Something Not Working to of or oversights, which easily without Service Force please the below. IMPORTANT: to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the that the light to flash and appears the E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the the START PAUSE to the If the Service Force Symptom The the E10 The The then immediately The and/or Too or too There the Too or used. Unsatisfactory amount of the and to The closed. E40 The properly the There the The or the the The correctly positioned. The START PAUSE depressed. The selected The the hose E10 The hose or E10 The closed. E40 The of the hose too The of the hose There the of the The hose or E20 The or Night option selected. The E20 The hose correct. Follow the instructions connecting to the The The unbalanced: redistribute the clothes the to allow the to whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose or securely positioned. The or clogged. The Stubborn treated to The selected. Too the
Black Symptom The internal The when The or the The based the using without affecting performance. Service the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. To and please Customer Service Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland The with the or The The distributed the there the The the of the The heating the The The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the please the the heading Something Working. the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of The and of the (found the rating plate The purchase
Black Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Please that purchase or service Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with, authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded Appliances found to within those which to Products of which NOT If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Black Instructions It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply to this should or to this should or Technical Specifications DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED (10A) WATER PRESSURE MAXIMUM RECOMMENDED LOAD Synthetics SPIN SPEED CONSUMPTION DATA FOR WASHING KG of NORMALLY SOILED COTTON Water ITEMS WITH THE ECONOMY PROGRAMME E60 This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and modifications. Wool and Handwash
Black Unpacking and the You to the the to and the right the its back, that the hoses squashed. the and off the the screw. the right polythene the the and polythene the the screws with the the and the previously screw. the upright and the from the back. the three spacers from the which the fitted. the with the with the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other or the to the to permanently plumbed to supply and this to existing with the hose The with BSP thread If this with the of the existing of from and plumbers merchants to to existing or plumber. Water the hose to with thread. previously hoses. should comply with authority and building The to supply. of of the
Black If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the the hoses correctly the positioning the hoses, to tighten the to Water This to permanently plumbed of the following Firstly the of the hose the U supplied. the hose which should of approximately there the hose and that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If hose this below) the U the hose the If the outlet that
Black the hose the and with required, the hose to from the the The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of connecting the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and with and of the operation. mounted to If the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting. Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the and dishwashers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority.
Black to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the with the following and Earth The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. WARNING: off serious (shock) that the off of Should the supply to replaced, this Service Force the the supply the of that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth
Black Building-in This to built the The should the shown A. the the the hoses of the the back of the This to the hoses from becoming or trapped. AB. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the with the the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base. To mount the to the of the of the The the fixing The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B) with the Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thickness of the To the perfectly to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To of this it to screw the the of the Its to the the D).
Black If the to from to right, the of the plates the and the plate and E). Mount the and the as previously the and of when the integrated to Where the mounting the The to the should and If to to the height required, that of and screwed to the of the F). four fixing the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The reason the this to allow of to front of the the to the four countersunk screws H). With the four the and clearance of approximately the top of the and the of the should with the with this the further to the of approximately W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from
Black