INSTRUCTION BOOKLET WASHING MACHINE EW EW GB TH VIET ID
Black customer, Please these operating instructions and to the indicated the first that this instruction reference and to owners. The of this the following The warning and/or the (Warning!, information that or functioning of the The information with this instructions and the of the and information about and of the with this protection Technical specifications Positioning Water Water of the the that If and the Service to the protection of the hints Sorting the the Removing and additives International Water Emergency emptying Something
Black The following the interests of You them or the internal the Serious caused to the or the protective or completely to the the instruction to this to this plumber. the that its supply If the that freely the and the This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the Follow the instructions the instruction that empty. such as and screws with trichlorethylene, If such to to they completely from the the items such as cloth or pillowcase to them the and the the recommended of amount the the porthole slightly when the This the and the formation of that the If the following the instructions the instruction the and the Repairs to the Repairs inexperienced serious Service the supply to the from the of the high the Child Children often of the children should and allowed to with the The to children of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that children or the the to scrapped, off the supply and the with the the catch to from becoming trapped while ENGLISH
Black The with the >PE< >PS< >PP< This that they of them properly protection To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. Technical specifications DIMENSIONS Height MAXIMUM LOAD Synthetics Delicates SPIN SPEED (EW F) (EW F) POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE/FREQUENCY V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED MINIMUM FUSE PROTECTION WATER PRESSURE This with the following EEC Directives: 73/23/EEC of relating to 89/336/EEC of relating to compatibility. authorised to country With and the then to the the of and the of washed.
Black and the You to that they the to and the right-hand and the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the the from the of the and release the the right-hand then the them towards the of the Unscrew and the the (A) the of the using the four screws (B) the containing the instruction the the upright and the from the back. the three spacers from the which the fitted. the with the which the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other screwing the or or the to the Water the hose with the to with thread. already hoses. The other of the hose which to the turned the the hose and the there ENGLISH
Black The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of connecting the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching it to the branch This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose functioning of the the hose the the top of the back of the This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other the to earthed The supply easily the The responsibility or through to comply with the Should the supply to replaced, this should Service
Black This effective treatment of with and The allow to choose the The cooling of the from to 60C from and reduce thermal shock to helping to creasing. The with its with The the the The ECO allows of and reduces of the chart Prewash starch ENGLISH
Black and chart Mains-on light This light when the On-Off pressed, and when On-Off Press this to the The to switch the off. selecting or the switched off the On-Off Suppress. Select this when to or items to the phases. Select this to reduce the when of Press this to the with the the synthetic or This creasing which the clothes the to the this that the to the or the If this activated, the with Turn this to the To the this clockwise the exactly the selecting or the switched off ON-OFF
Black hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white (cold) items including and the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to Mould with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat ENGLISH
Black with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of
Black the first that of the of the to the ECO Then 60C, with the empty, to from the and of the and the the the the the the item them as as the the the the amount of recommended the and the If to the prewash, the the If required, the without the MAX Select the option(s) or buttons the selected Select the Turn the to the Select the and the Turn the clockwise to the and the On-Off the light and the to ENGLISH
Black At the of the The automatically. If selected the or the Suppress. the with the the to the from creasing. To the release the button. To and the On-Off to switch the off. The light or the to the locking to release the Turn the to completely empty, as to items or their of whites. Release buttons which pressed. Turn the off and the the to the
Black International These appear to choose the to 95C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 60C 40C 30C cleaning and clean high ENGLISH
Black and Additional functions C COLD The indicated the each and the type of and of with then the to the to switch the off and its operation. This would the with WHITES WITH PREWASH, sheets, household WHITES WITHOUT PREWASH, household shirts, COLOUREDS WITHOUT PREWASH, shirts, terry cloths, and with This lightly items. This washed and Prewash 40C 60-95C Suppress. 60-95C Suppress. 30-60C Suppress. 30-40C Suppress. 30-40C Suppress. with Suppress. and
Black synthetics, and Additional Wool COLD Short COLD The indicated the each and the type of and of synthetics and with then the to the to switch the off and its operation. This would the with SYNTHETICS WITH PREWASH, coloured items, shirts, SYNTHETICS WITHOUT PRE- WASH, shirts, DELICATES, WOOL the This washed synthetics, and emptying the of the of the with option. Prewash 40C 30-60C Short 30-60C Short -40C Short -40C Short with Short and Water ENGLISH
Black from to the and that the Clean the of the with and to dishes. with and with cloth. or products to the while, and the Clean the from to To the from the the the corner. To cleaning, the top of the the recess: with toothbrush. the cleaning. The should inspected and the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If necessary the cooled the to the to Release the emptying it the and its the and to of when the
Black from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the Whe the the back the Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the and the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the from the the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the the formation of and, of the affected the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO that of the ENGLISH
Black Something which yourself. The The closed. The or there the The The correctly. The On-Off depressed. The The closed. The hose or The the hose The properly closed. The then immediately: The and/or Too or There the too used. whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The the emptying hose cleaning the Unsatisfactory Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The or The The The released. There the The of the hose too to section. The hose or The option selected. The Suppress. option selected. The clogged. The and The The distributed the there the
Black or the enough: If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the the the If the of the the enough, redistribute the manually and the ENGLISH
Black The Group. The choice The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the world.