EWF EWF
information............................40 Product hints..................................51 International information and cleaning Something Techical Customer service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
information Information the of and to the and first using the this including its hints and To and to that people using the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This should when moving the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the the supply If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the installation.
If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should plumber or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the that and and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the information the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This or infirm without children should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and The ECO allows of and reduces Prewash
reduction
First that the and with the instructions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO Then 90C, without the to from the and of the and the the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Measure the and the the it the amount of required, the and, to the prewash phase, the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently.
Select the Turn the to the The light to and the shows the of the selected The following Synthetics Delicates The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. Attention! If turn the to another when the the light to selection. The the selected Option buttons the combined. These selected choosing the and the these pressed, the lights they the lights Select the or or option Press the repeatedly to the to from the the The light light synthetics, and synthetics, and
selecting this option, the phases. On and synthetic the with selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the lights and the light off and the to that the To the the to the reduce the of the only the lights Select the or options Press the repeatedly, to the option. The light light You DIARIO to synthetic or items of to performance RPIDO (Quick): items lightly SUPER items that or NORMAL: It allows the option to of without selecting the options with the and If option which with the selected, the displayed about seconds and the light of the
The reduced to the type of and the selected as shown the chart. Synthe- tics Select the option This selected with the and The This option recommended people who to and where the The shows the following information: Duration of the selected selecting the displayed hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the updated every The selected hours of the appears the about seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The hour and then, when hours the every Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the displayed about seconds and the integrated light flashing.
the of operating displayed, E20 Something of the finished flashing displayed. Heating phase the the shows to that the the heating phase of the the the To the selected the the light flashing. The and lights to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, integrated light of the flashes Select the the to the the repeatedly, to the The selected to hours) appear the about seconds, then the of the appear You this option the and the You the the
The from hours and then hour to of of this Selecting the Select the and the Select the the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. the the displayed. The selected with and selecting the the lights the light this that the the If selected the prewash function, this light the prewash phase The light the light the The light off: the The finished. flashing light: the the finished, the light option or It to option the the the only Turn the to O and then to the The the the the the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to O to which
the the First the to the If the light flashes and off, the If the light switch off, this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to O about the to the and At the of the The automatically. If the option selected, the phase lights and the light off and the to that the the To the please the the option Turn the to O to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and Child This incorporates which the buttons, to children from the or or option previously chosen. It protects children from by, or causing to, the To this function, the and the and the light-on the of the to that the as active, buttons and or the allowed. To this the and buttons
hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or hints with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth Stubborn and It therefore to them to washing. fresh with overnight with then the and
hints based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and fast coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. the the or starching additives the the
Follow the to and the MAX the of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic T.H. hints
International
of of Prewash Synthetics Handwash White and coloureds sheets, tablecloths, household White and coloured lightly items, shirts, White and coloureds (heavy items): sheets, tablecloths, household with Synthetic or coloured shirts, hand red. red. red. Quick, red. red. Quick, red. Quick, red. from to 90C from 60C to 40C from 90C to 40C Prewash 30C from 60C from 60C to (cold) Short from 40C to (cold) Short from 30C to (cold) Short
of of red. and items of emptying the with the option. the which and switching the off. red. Short of
information Cancelling/OFF with the The of this the of products that the to the instructions the and those issued the of this M9604. With this it to and which washed hand. The The reduced emptying the of the with the option. Turn first the to then and the washed and with option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to To and to switch off the the to selected. information
and cleaning and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the
Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to the emptying the and its the cover and to of when the cover. and cleaning from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the cover the Warning! the and the selected there the
and cleaning the the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the using the The of If the exposed to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the hose. the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the to the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE that of the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as the emptying hose its seat screw the cover and the
Something to of or oversights, which easily without contacting Service please the below. operation that the light flashes and of the following appears the to that the E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The The The closed. E10 The closed. E40 The properly the There the The The correctly and the depressed. The selected. The hose or E10 The the hose E10 The properly closed. E40 something the the the Please installation. the Please the and the If the to washed immediately, the the the hose Clean the hose the
something Malfunction The then immediately: The and/or There the Too or (creates too used. Unsatisfactory The of the hose too The hose or E20 The clogged. E20 The the option or selected. The distributed the whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The the emptying hose cleaning the Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. to section. the hose Clean the the option or Redistribute the the or another the hose with the back the emptying and the back its seat. Increase the or another products to the selected the the
Malfunction The The The or or the The released. There the The and The The the there the The because the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the something the of about or to the the of the the of the Redistribute the Redistribute the
something Malfunction The the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance.
Technical Information the the rating the of the Water supply EWF12260 EWF10260 Height Synthetics and technical
(EWF 12260W) (EWF 10260W) 40-30-Cold Synthetics Synthetics 40-30-Cold 30-Cold The and option selected the reference the the with EEC The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Water
Transit security the the security as follows: You to the security the to P0287 Unscrew and the three rear screws of P0018 the back the and of the the and the the hoses squashed. AL009 the the and the right, them to the of the P0001 the upright and the three P0002 the with the which the containing the instruction
There should COLD WATER the with screwing of the supply, or the Previously the clean. If off reasonable amount of to that collected the the the plumber. screw the to the to the screwdrive and the to the to P0021 If the hose the the rear of the the to the and that it and the hose or with the of the The to the mouth to the allows the hose to to the of the and that the hose and its
IMPORTANT: The from the to the highest of the hose should to (It to and The hose twisted to Should of the hose this and of the as the the hoses too the or the Once the right the the the of the and of the operation. to If the
This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other The security earthing. The of the with such The responsibility or through to with the Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Please that when the the supply easily
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
This each of the countries the following the the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of these countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Customer Service Should further please Customer Service service