WASHING MACHINE MESIN BASUH USER MANUAL MANUAL PENGGUNA GB CN MS
Technical specifications protection of the hints Sorting the the The of this the following The and/or the (Warning!, information that or functioning of the The information with this instructions and the of the and information about and of the with this Technical specifications DIMENSIONS MAXIMUM LOAD Synthetics SPIN SPEED POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE/FREQUENCY V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED MINIMUM FUSE PROTECTION WATER PRESSURE to the protection of the Removing and additives of to International Cleaning of the Water Emergency emptying Something Unpacking
The following the interests of You them or using the internal the Serious caused to the or the protective or completely to the the instruction to this to this plumber. the that it its supply If the that freely the and the This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the Follow the instructions the instruction that empty. such as and screws with trichlorethylene, If such to to they completely from the the items such as cloth or pillowcase to them the and the only the recommended of amount the The with the >PE< >PS< >PP< This that they of them properly the porthole slightly when the This the and the formation of that the If the following the instructions the instruction the and the Repairs to the Repairs inexperienced serious Service the supply to the from the of the high the Child Children often of the should and allowed to with the The to children of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that or the the to scrapped, off the supply and the with the the catch to from becoming trapped while authorised to country ENGLISH
protection To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. of the chart Drainage Prewash starch With and the then washed Measure to the the of and the of washed. R0001 3D
chart It to choose the RINSE HOLD If this to the Pressing this together with the the the the of the Press to the and the clothes. NO SPIN Pressing this the excluded. The other of the unchanged. HALF LOAD Pressing this the there which leads to and On/off It lights when the This allows to the of the with the of clothes to washed. Turn the the with the On the the each of Selecting through with This electricity To the the clockwise the the top with the of the (reference the If chance the NEVER TURN THE CONTROL ANTICLOCKWISE clockwise the reached ENGLISH
first of that 60C, with the empty, to from the and of the and the the the the the the item them as as the Measure the the Measure the amount of recommended the and the If to the prewash, the the additives If the without exceeding the MAX R0070 R0071 Select the Turn the to the Select the option Select the and the Turn the clockwise to the the On/off The properly closed. The The supply turned The correctly screwed The hose positioned. the to clicks. The light and the At the of the The automatically. The light If selected which with the of the the the the Select or or the to the locking to release the Turn the to completely empty, as to items or their of whites. Release buttons which pressed. Turn the off and the the to the
and Load: Additional DESCRIPTION C COLD Additive COLD WHITES WITH PREWASH, household WHITES WITHOUT PREWASH, household sheets, shirts, FAST COLOUREDS, shirts, terry cloths, NON FAST COLOUREDS slightly This hand washed items to and HALF LOAD NO SPIN HALF LOAD NO SPIN HALF LOAD NO SPIN HALF LOAD NO SPIN HALF LOAD NO SPIN NO SPIN Prewash 40C 40-60C 40-60C 30-60C 30-40C ENGLISH
synthetics, and Load: Additional DESCRIPTION functions COLD Additive COLD this pressed, the of these as to creasing the from the immediately To the or MIXED FABRICS WITH PREWASH, coloured items, shirts, FAST COLOUREDS, shirts, SYNTHETICS DELICATES slightly WOOL SILK This washed items to emptying the RINSE HOLD Prewash 30C 30-60C Water RINSE HOLD 30-60C Water RINSE HOLD 30-40C Water RINSE HOLD 40C Water RINSE HOLD Water RINSE HOLD Water
hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white (cold) items including and the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe tablecloth towelling tea cloth Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. ENGLISH
The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the Table of The the of the and treatment. STRONG WASH DELICATE WASH BLEACHING IRONING DRY CLEANING DRYING On the On clothes 95C 60C 40C 30C Bleach bleach 200C 150C 100C cleaning cleaning Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Follow the instructions to the lightly soiled, amounts of cleaning High Tumble cleaning
Clean the of the with and household with clean and with cloth. or products to the while, and the Clean the from to To the from the the the corner. To cleaning, the top of the C0073 R0072 the recess: with toothbrush. the cleaning. Cleaning of the The cleaned the with such as buttons, or built clothes that washed high the from the If necessary, the cooled the to the Release the emptying the and its when the the back the emptying Empty the the completely the P1114 P1115 To the of the turning counter clockwise and the such as buttons, and the that the of the rotating Screw the of the clockwise, completely the emptying hose its and the P1117 P1116 ENGLISH
The hose If that the to that the the hose blocked. Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the or hose clogged), as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the to the release the emptying the and its when the the back the emptying the the completely the the emptying hose its and the
Something Service Force the below. The The closed. The The closed. The then immediately: The and/or There the Too or too used. Unsatisfactory Too or used. The or The and The The If, there Service Please, the purchasing and the Product and of the (These found the the of clothes The or there the The The correctly or the pulled The hose or The the hose The properly closed. The of the hose too to section. The hose or The option NO SPIN selected. The distributed the The Clean The option RINSE HOLD selected.. whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose that the correctly screwed Stubborn treated to The selected. The The distributed the there the The released. There the ENGLISH
Transit security the the security as follows: You to the security the to P0287 P0018 AL009 Unscrew and the three screws of the back the rear and of the the and the the hoses squashed. the the right and the them to the of the P0001 P0002 Unscrew and the four the the of the and the four Tighten the the upright and the three the with the which the containing the instruction
the hose to with thread. already hoses. The other of the hose which to the turned the the hose and the there AL013 The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of P0021 the hose or with the of the The to the mouth to the allows the hose to to the of the and that the hose and its ENGLISH
IMPORTANT: The from the to the highest of the hose should to (It to and The hose twisted to Should of the hose this and of the as the the hoses too the or the Once the right the the the of the and of the operation. to If the P0254 the that: the of the as the rating of (the plate to the of the The the the and the outlet the stated the rating The and the without reducing interposition, or If the outlet The security earthing. The of the with such outlet with earthing The of or should these
The Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners,chain and mowers) each to of USD than countries around the EHPOESL/Z