Washer Instruction EW 880F
protection Technical Positioning Water Water hints Sorting the the Removing and additives The of this the following The warning and/or the (Warning!, information that or functioning of the The information with this instructions and the of the and information about and of the with this International each Water Emergency emptying The of Trouble-Shooting Warranty New Warranty to the protection of the
Please these operating instructions and to the indicated below. that this instruction reference and to owners. The following the interests of You them or the the that If and the Service internal using the Serious caused to the or the protective or completely to the the instruction to this to this plumber. the that its supply If the that freely the and the The incorporates backflow protection complying with AS/NZS further backflow protection to the supply. This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the Follow the instructions the instruction that empty. such as and screws with If such to to they completely from the the items such as cloth or pillowcase to them trapped the and the the recommended of amount the the porthole slightly when the This the and the formation of that the If the following the instructions the instruction the and the off Repairs to the Repairs inexperienced serious Service the supply to the from the of the high the Child This or infirm without children should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. the to scrapped, off the supply and the with the the catch to children from becoming while
that children or the To this the incorporates To this the button (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the protection To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing or to and (the protected The loaded. Technical specifications DIMENSIONS Height MAXIMUM LOAD Synthetics and MAX. SPIN SPEED POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED MINIMUM FUSE PROTECTION WATER PRESSURE The with the >PE< >PS< >PP< This that they of them properly authorised to country With and the then washed Measure to the the of and the of washed.
and the You to that they the to and the screws. the the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the the block(s) from the of the and release the the polythene the right and then the right polythene the and then upwards. the upright and the screw. the the with the which the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or screwing the feet or or the to the Water the hose to with BSP thread. the hose with the DO NOT USE OLD HOSES. The other of the hose which to the the the hose and the there
The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of connecting the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the Water The of the hose four the of using the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the the should where or located regulations). to which from the to hose or malfunction. The hose The hose to of hose and from Service functioning of the the hose the the top of the back of the the properly earthed DO NOT USE AN EXTENSION CORD. CAUTION If the from or outlet the or outlet that to splashing or of IMPORTANT! If the of this the Authorised Service or to The responsibility or through to comply with the
This effective treatment of with and The the function of and selection, to the The shows the selected and the phase which The with its with The cooling of the from to 60C from and reduce thermal shock to to creasing. The the the The ECO allows of and reduces The three The of shows which to Compartment this when Prewash or Compartment this Compartment this and starching switching the and the and that the efficiently from the
Option buttons the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the START/PAUSE these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the lights about seconds. Prewash Select Prewash option to prewashed the and The light The prewash with and synthetic whereas the the selecting option, the of the to the from creasing. The light and At the of the the light the and lights To as follows: turn the to to switch the off; or The light Function the or the At the of the the light and the light This allows to the function, that slightly and 60E The reduced to the type of and the selected Select this to to the of heavy phase: the of 40C the from the This function and synthetic with of or higher) The prolonged about The Prewash and the functions selected together. selected the and the options this to the The light flashing and To which the button: the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the
reduction this reduce the the The light The synthetics, and the the light to the or the phases the At the the light of the lights the and alight the of the Function: when this light this that the the when the finished, the light If the option selected, the and the lights The light flashes the of operating flashes: flashes: with flash: with supply information shooting the light the light the light off: the It the whole indicating that the locked. the light the The Synthetic Wool The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. 60E to the ENERGY SAVING and to At the of the the to O to switch the off. Attention! If the turned to another the lights of the to flash. The the selected
hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white Cold) items including synthetic and The of this the of products that the to the instructions the and those issued the of this M9604. the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth blouse Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth.
or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with with If such to to they completely from the the and additives the choice of and to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and The and additives the of the the If using without prewash selected. If with the the which should then top of the and the back of the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the of to The of the of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply Follow the instructions to Not enough the to greasy clothes. Too reduced and the lightly amounts of
the first that of the of the to the ECO Then 60C, with the empty, to from the and of the and the the the the the the item them as as the Measure the the the amount of recommended the and the If to with prewash or phase, the Please with this the the back of the the If required, the without exceeding the MAX Select the Turn the to the The light to the the selected and the light of the to flash. Select the option(s) The light to the selecting the option the of the to the from creasing. eventually the Press the Reduction repeatedly to reduce the The light
the To the selected the the light flashing. The Function and lights The operating. You the the started, turning the to and then the The the the the the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to to which the the the to PAUSE the The when the light If the light and the this that the 55C, that the the of the or that the If the to to switch the off turning the to about the to the and Select the and to At the of the The automatically, the light and the light of the If the option selected, the and phase lights to that the the To this first the to and then to or The the to creasing or synthetic, and items, the reduced of the The the light Release of the indicated the of the light. At the of the the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
of and of WHITE COTTONS household towels, tablecloths WHITE COTTONS ECONOMY towels, tablecloths COLOURED COTTON coloured towels, Non-fast coloured items, shirts, SYNTHETICS Shirts, easy to SYNTHETICS Shirts, HANDWASH DELICATES Acrylic, items, Wool Specially tested the With PREWASH or STAIN option 40C. (60E) slightly/normally the 90C COTTON 60E COTTON C or COLD COTTON C Short SYNTHETIC C or COLD SYNTHETIC Short C Short DELICATE Short (COLD) DELICATE C or (COLD) Short WOOL options PREWASH RINSE HOLD QUICK WASH STAIN SPIN REDUCTION PREWASH RINSE HOLD STAIN SPIN REDUCTION PREWASH RINSE HOLD QUICK WASH STAIN SPIN REDUCTION PREWASH RINSE HOLD QUICK WASH STAIN SPIN REDUCTION PREWASH RINSE HOLD QUICK WASH SPIN REDUCTION RINSE HOLD SPIN REDUCTION PREWASH RINSE HOLD QUICK WASH SPIN REDUCTION RINSE HOLD SPIN REDUCTION
Additional washed items emptying the of the of with RINSE HOLD option Short the which or to switch the off with Water RINSE HOLD SPIN REDUCTION SPIN REDUCTION
International These appear to choose the to 95C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 60C 40C 30C cleaning and high
or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of from to the and that the Clean the of the with and to dishes. with and with cloth. or products to the while, and the Inspect the regularly. To the from the the the corner. To cleaning, the top of the Clean the the recess: with toothbrush. the cleaning.
Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO that of the with The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to Release the emptying the and its the and to of when the from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the with Screw the hose back the
Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the and the The of If the where the below 0C, as follows: the from the the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the the formation of and, of the affected the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO that of the with washing.
Trouble-Shooting to of or oversights, which easily without service technician. Service please the below. that the light flashes: there flashes the flashes Once the the START PAUSE to the If the Service The The closed. The or there the The The START PAUSE depressed. The The closed. The hose or The the hose The properly closed. The then immediately: The and/or There the Too or too used. whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The screwed Unsatisfactory Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The or The and The The distributed the there the The of the hose too to section. The hose or The RINSE HOLD option selected. The clogged. The the emptying hose cleaning the
The the The The released. (DOOR light The the of the The heating the or the enough: based the using without affecting performance. The The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the or If the of the the enough, redistribute the manually and the
ELECTROLUX APPLIANCE WARRANTY NEW ZEALAND This warranted Products (NZ) (the Company) from the of purchase. The following terms and apply: The or its Authorised Service the of or of the which the or its Authorised Service of months following the of purchase (the Warranty the Warranty the or its Authorised Service the of or which they Light and and covered this warranty. The and operated with the Companys instructions. This Warranty apply to wear and tear, or service, which or This Warranty apply to caused dismantled, repaired or serviced other than authorised the Company. If the service of the or its Authorised Service this warranty cover the of of the service the Authorised Service to and from home. If to the to the or its Authorised Service securely and insured. The responsibility or to the or its Authorised Service This warranty the warranty the Company. This Warranty cover or to this caused directly or indirectly or incorrect supply. The (and related to the Company) or or or directly or indirectly from the or to this or or or of other property. Nothing this warranty to the rights the Consumer to the that Act, and of this warranty as to the to to that The Consumer apply the of business (as that Act). This warranty to from of purchase the IMPORTANT NOTICE service technician please the warranty and the operating instructions and service If the of the reasons service fee charged. Please of purchase to Authorised Service should warranty service required. SERVICE CENTRES PLEASE PHONE Authorised Service please The Appliance Servicing OR
Nothing this warranty, rights the or other Commonwealth or State legislation. rights the this warranty. to the below, this warranted Products A.B.N. (the Company), to from and workmanship of months following the of purchase (the Warranty Conditions of the warranty: the Warranty the Company, or its service only the of or which the to defective. The there and/or workmanship. Light and and covered this warranty. This warranty and The and operated with the Companys instructions. This warranty apply to wear and tear, or service, which fire or This warranty apply to caused dismantled, repaired or serviced other than authorised the Company. If the service of the or of its service this warranty cover the of of the service the service to and from If to the to the or its service securely and insured. The or of the to the or its service This warranty cover or to this caused directly or indirectly or incorrect supply. The (and related to the Company) or or or or or or of property directly or indirectly from the or to this or of its This warranty to the This warranty the warranty the Company. If the please of purchase, which required, service this warranty. The Warranty when and family. of this covered this warranty of months from the of purchase. FOR SERVICE IN AUSTRALIA FOR SPARE PARTS IN AUSTRALIA PLEASE CALL PLEASE CALL The Group. The Choice The the world's of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the ELECTROLUX WARRANTY AUSTRALIA