Steam EWF 127570W
information Product hints and information reference. The of with the industry and with the of as to the following It that this instruction should retained with the ance reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the or- that the to know the functioning of the and the You MUST them or using the first the ance incurred If If the the winter months when there hours using the first This heavy. should when the that If and the Service of of thinking www.electrolux.com and cleaning What to Technical and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the the supply the If the please the to to freely the ance. that there from hoses and their the installation. If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should fied or to this should fied or It to the or to this high and the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other hard, to without
and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the cleaning and should to the yourself. inexperienced people or serious malfunction- Service This and treatment of It other than those which which to washed. Follow the tions each the the that and buttons and fas- or torn and such as and wired NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or struction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that children or the To and becoming the the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the ton counterclockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and Its allows of and reduces The STEAM allows to reduce creases and from with the type. Compartment and phase or the action phase The prewash and the of the The the action phase. Compartment or If the Compartment additives starch). Follow the to and the MAX the or starching additives the the Plate
Chart charts guages with the One the front of the and the others attached the of the It shows the as as the buttons, lights and the These the following TEMPERATURE SPIN reduction PREWASH EXTRA RINSE DELAY START START/PAUSE TIME MANAGER buttons Selector It allows to switch the on/off and/or to This allows to increase or crease the Reduction this the of the selected Prewash selecting this option the prewash the user assy. The chart the easily: the chart from the the right and the chart with the phase. The prolonged. This option recommended heavily This to If to the using of this option. This option recommended people who to and where the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this This allows to or to the selected These buttons allows to the the
The shows the following information: Cold the the shows the animated to that the the heating phase of the the Night the phase the mated. option the phases and increases the of selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the shows flashing the the light of off and the to that the To the please the At the of the Night selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and lected or with On the with the finished, the shows flashing the the light of off and the locked to that the To the please the At the of the Option or Iron The selected the appears the seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The lighted The every hour and then, when hour the Child chapter). and the started, this lighted and only the phase the finished, three flashing and this Duration of the selected selecting the hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the every of the finished three flashing displayed, the and the Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the the of the seconds and the light of flashing.
the of operating displayed, What to Normal Light Refresh Refresh Select tion). Clock Table of Wool Handwash and lights Synthetics Iron Steam Prewash the started, the tion displayed and the clock ted. phase selecting the the phase to the phases the shown the of the the of the phase Prewash (this lights when the option selected as
First that the and comply with the tion instructions. the and from the the first the highest without Acoustic The with acoustic which sounds the following the of the there the and buttons ously about seconds the acoustic deactivated there these buttons the acoustic reactivated. Child This to the ance and to that might or to the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Child the to from the and of the and the the This function when the There to this tion: to the to other or option. To or this option about seconds buttons and the the appears or
the and the the the amount of the or the the selected If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the turning the Turn the to the The and the the chosen. You these operating the buttons. The light of the to flash. The turned clock- or counterclockwise. Turn to to programme/Switching the off. At the of the the tor turned to to switch the off. If turn the to another when the the light of and the displayed to selection. The the selected Select the selecting the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed the selecting the the that Press repeatedly to the to Select the options pressing and the combined. These selected choosing the and pressing these buttons pressed, the appear the they the If incorrect option selected, the ted light of the flashes and the appears the seconds.
the the and the options Select the the to the the to the The appear the the of the The selected to hours) appear the then the of the appear You this option the and You or the Selecting the Select the and the Select the the ton Press the its hourly count- The the lected expired. the the to PAUSE Press once the displayed Press to the The selected selecting the The selected with DRAIN the To the selected the the light of the The appears the to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light to To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, the light of the the displayed seconds. Select the option buttons these repeatedly, the of the creased or decreased. The appear the to the chosen of This option with Synthetic and of heavy items Normal items items Light slightly items slightly items items or Refresh refreshing items Refresh refreshing items to reduce the this option the appears while and then immediately. option or It to options the them PAUSE the the to the option, the and selection only Turn the to and then to the the the The the
Press the to which the light Press the to the Turn the to to which You the the (or the the locked, to first the to PAUSE the If the the If the off, this that the already heating or that the too high. to force the If the to to switch the off turning the to the to the and closing the to the and options and to once the finished the The of the hints and Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore the first At the of the The automatically. Three appear the and the light of off. acoustic sound If or option that with the selected, the displayed to that the the Follow the below instructions to the Turn the to the or the the Press At the of the the and the Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and reduced. the of the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Stubborn and It therefore to them to
fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with tone the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with Treat with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with thylated or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If using without prewash selected. incorporates which allows of the Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Follow the tions to the lightly amounts of of Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. If the or high to following the instructions. the of the tity of the
STEAM function Steam reduce creases and of the type of amount of of the of each Steam the to clothes and of Cold the Reduced White and coloured (normally items). Synthetics Cold Reduced Synthetic or coloured shirts, Cold Reduced acrylics, Wool Handwash Cold as as and with or item If the the phase, items, redistribute the manually and then the the With this to and cot- ton which washed hand. To the action, the option EXTRA RINSE. The to the about to the should from the as as clothes to with SPIN REDUCTION NIGHT CYCLE RINSE HOLD NO SPIN PREWASH EXTRA RINSE TIME MANAGER SPIN REDUCTION NIGHT CYCLE RINSE HOLD NO SPIN PREWASH EXTRA RINSE TIME MANAGER SPIN REDUCTION NIGHT CYCLE RINSE HOLD NO SPIN PREWASH EXTRA RINSE TIME MANAGER SPIN REDUCTION NIGHT CYCLE RINSE HOLD NO SPIN SPIN REDUCTION NIGHT CYCLE RINSE HOLD NO SPIN EXTRA RINSE
and of of emptying the of the with the option selected, which with the and the hand and with the option selected, which with the You choose the the to to the to the White and coloured This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to efficiency synthetic or shirts slightly shirts. Iron Cold Selecting this the washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the OFF the which or to switch the off If without PREWASH selected. If the option the buttons that reduce the as indicated this chart. however with somewhat reduced cleaning If the Refresh or Refresh option, that reduce the SPIN REDUCTION SPIN REDUCTION NIGHT CYCLE RINSE HOLD NO SPIN PREWASH EXTRA RINSE SPIN REDUCTION NO SPIN SPIN REDUCTION RINSE HOLD NO SPIN PREWASH EXTRA RINSE
STEAM PROGRAMMES Steam This reduces creases and shirts or of Steam Synthetics This reduces creases synthetic shirts or of and to of synthetic It to and Steam This from and synthetic clothes Steam If necessary, or Steam information only. Smoothing the selected and the and of the If necessary, the and It to Steam the following type of clothes: clothes which specified the as with inclusion of plastic's or and cleaning Warning! You the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from washing, and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thor- oughly. or products to the Cleaning the The should cleaned regularly. The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and Duration to to to
to of To cleaning, the top of the should Clean with Clean the chamber of with the to the or containing the with scouring containing or or the with cleaning without to clean off cleaning Short and of from to the and that the
The should inspected and the and/or the to such as the with chapter What to Warning! the switch the off and the from the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the the with (or with the that the the instruction the with to the to the emptying from the cover, screw the cover turning it clockwise, using and the to when the cover. Clean the to of
and from the seat and from the whether the rotates rotates If please Service the the correctly the Screw the cover turning clockwise. the emptying the cover and firmly. the
Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover securely as to and to Cleaning the If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the the hose Screw the hose back the Unscrew the hose from the flow. Clean the the with or with the of cloth. Screw the hose back to the and the tight. Turn the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the the emptying from the The should the the the the Empty the the flowing the as screw the and the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the from the Turn off the Unscrew the the of the hose the the emptying of the and the emptying the and screw the hose back.
to the that the 0C. What to to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. operation that the light of of the following appears the and acoustic sound seconds to that the The The The and/or The closed. E40 the firmly. The properly the the the There the Please installation. The the The correctly and the pressed. Please the and the The selected. If the to washed immediately, the The Child activated. Deactivate the Child The closed. E10 the The hose or E10 the hose The the hose E10 Clean the hose The properly closed. E40 the firmly. The hose or E20 the hose The clogged. E20 Clean the option or that with the the or that the phases selected. the or The distributed the Redistribute the with the supply. with the Once the the to the If the Service
There the Unsatisfactory The The or the The the partially Too or too used. the or another whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to the hose The or hose with The emptying the or the properly screwed cleaning action. the emptying or screw the Too or used. Increase the or another Stubborn treated to products to the The selected. selected the the The the of The released. the There the or to the The and the of the The the of the The the Redistribute the there the The the distributed the The redis- tributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the Redistribute the The too items, redistribute the manually and then the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. The the and or lowering the
smooth. If to or the service of the and purchase of the Service this informa- tion. Technical Height Water supply White Synthetics Delicates Wool/ 60C with of the reference the the with EEC STEAM selected Synthetic of the of the the Information the the rating the of the Water the of the please to the the
The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the Unpacking and the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the and hose from the hose the of the Unscrew the three the spacers.
the porthole and the the the and the with the the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the or lowering the The feet tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation. or the to the
Water Warning! This connected to supply. the hose with the to with thread. the hose with the the hose from previous to to the supply. The other of the hose which to the turned as showed the the hose the hose to the or right the of the hose correctly the positioning the to the to The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the Water The of the hose three the of using the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose ventilated, the of the than the of the The hose
The hose to of hose and from Service Information the the rating plate the of the that tion the required, account other the to earthed The responsibility or The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the The with the through to comply with the The supply easily the Should the supply to replaced, this Service This that they of them properly hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then
to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.com