EWF EWF EWF
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
information..............................5 Product hints..................................22 International information and cleaning Something Techical Customer service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Information the of and to the and first using the this user including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and It to the or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the pressing the supply If the please the feet to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the installation. information
information If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the user that and and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This children or infirm without should to that they with the The to children of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and The New allows of and reduces Prewash charts with the One the front of the and the others the assy. The chart the easily replaced: the chart from the the right and the chart with the required.
reduction Confirm buttons
First that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the the switching the the first turning the the which the the to appear. the switched the appear this If the showing the already switched once. such the the and buttons seconds to the the buttons the Press the to choice. the chosen the the to the first and when to and from The clock to the It to updated as the END With short/single of the buttons, the With of the buttons, the Press the to the This of that allows to the factory as switch the turning the the buttons to the the buttons through the options when the Press to the Up/Down buttons to the and to choice. the sound The sound to the of the sound the buttons, choose from to sound; Press to choice. the brightness The Brightness allows to the backlight intensity of the the buttons, increase or the brightness. You choose from to Press to the The allows to the characteristic of the
the buttons, increase or the You choose from to Press to choice. The function allows to the factory Press to this function. Press to choice. to This function allows to to the options the option the Press to choice. Acoustic The of acoustic which sounds the following when the switched the the of the the of operating If the acoustic the of operating please to the previous chapter the sound the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Measure the and the the it the amount of required, the and, to with the prewash or phase, the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently.
Select the Turn the to the the switched heard, the the appears the and, seconds, of the selected shown of the selected the the the the following information: selected option of The START/PAUSE light flashing. with Normal Synthetics and The following Synthetics Wool The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. Attention! If the to another when the the appear the following Please the the The the selected
The DISPLAY of and them with each other using and buttons). This easy thanks to the interactive Interactive that the to each This that only those that You to the the information and the option The shows the following information: Duration of the selected selecting the of the and the extimated of hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the every the the of the the shows which phase of the On the the of the selected type of the phase, the of the and the of the the phase the shows animated that the of the
The selected to hours appears the right of the to the that lighted-on. The every the of operating displayed, Please that the and then START (please Something of the finished the Unlocked and Finished appear alternatively. The lighted-on to inform that the finished and the If the finished, the backlight of the switches off and the the light flashing to that the to switched off. the from the and another or off the Option the combined. These selected choosing the and the Select the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed from the the 95C white 60C coloured and synthetics, 40C and to handwashed, 30C while to
Select the or or Night or option Press the repeatedly to the to from the the EWF W; EWF W; EWF W; Synthetics: Wool and Handwash: and option the phases and increases the of synthetics, and selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the shows the of the selected and the Finished, while the right of the the and the appear. The sounds the light off and the to that the To the the reduce the of the the of the the shown the and the Unlocked The Night selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and selectionned or with On synthetics, and the with the finished the shows the of the selected below the of the selected and the Finished, while the right of the the and the appear. The light off and the to that the To the please the option
Select the options the selected options and shown the selection phase. Not the options themselves. The option The options selected choosen the and the START/PAUSE the buttons, the options or through the options. The the the selected option highlighted The appear the right of the and below the of the option or On). Press the to and choice, to the selected option. Once completed the selection of the options, or buttons or seconds to the the The selected shown the Prewash this option to prewashed the Wool, Handwash, and The Prewash with and whereas the the Iron: selecting this option the washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the synthetics. This function and synthetic If this option selected the reduce to
this option selected with the Wool, Handwash, and The This option recommended people who to and where the this to to the of heavy phase: the of 40C the from the This function synthetic and with of or higher. The prolonged The Prewash and the options selected together. Load: this option to reduce the when ONLY of or The the with this option to the of the hours and then hour hours. The selected indicated the The increase to the selected You this option the and the If to the the to the the the and You the the Selecting the or through the options Press to this option (the to flash). pressing or increase or the Press to Press or to the to the Press the to the The the selected expired.
This function when selected the Child option: the buttons to the options the or the Child option the to the or through the options Press to this option (the to flash). the to the Press to choice. Press or to the to the to immediately the The selected with Child of CHILD SAFETY LOCK, which to the with the closed without the that might or to the this option the and selected the the to this option. The from to On and the following appears the Press and buttons seconds to pressing or the the If the with child lock the shows the locked, to At the of the to and buttons seconds the the to
that 60C, with Prewash and There memory this the of the The selected the as other of the the and options the buttons to the options the or the option and OK or the of which the to the selected On the appears the highlighted or the the To the the from the If the memory already previously selected, the ther already used. Press OK to overwrite Press and to then OK to the The overwrite them with another this of that allow to the and options to the that informations to the and the customer). Selecting the the to the options the or the option the to the
the or through the following Option and the to the selected and the or the of the selected to the informations of another to the selecting the and the from the or the to the Select the option This function allows to the the the repeatedly, the of the increased or decreased. The option selected with The the to which type of chosen. of heavy items Normal items items Light slightly items slightly items synthetic and Once the the option items or
The of these to the type of as shown the chart. 90C 60/50C 40C 30C (cold) Synthetics 60/50C 40C 30C (cold) 40C 30C (cold) Select the To the selected the the light flashing. On the appear the and alternatively the and the phase of the selected to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light to and the and the phase of the selected appears the to that the To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. option or It to the options the of and the them change, the pressing the only Turn the to O and then to the the to the previous The the the the the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to O and then the selected Press the to the which the to the
the the First the to pressing the The appear the If the and the appear the the If the and the appear the this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to O about the to the and At the of the The automatically. If the or Night options selected, the light off, the of the selected and the Finished appear the and the to that the the To the please the the Night option Turn the to O to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
and hints hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover pillow tablecloth towelling cloth blouse Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and
based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the hints
hints Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic T.H.
International These appear to choose the to 95C 60C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble International 40C 30C cleaning and high
of of White and coloured sheets, tablecloths, household shirts, Normal White and coloured lightly-normally items, shirts, Synthetic or coloured shirts, Synthetics Specially tested the Wool hand Handwash Cold option selected the of 40C or higher. Reduction Reduction Reduction Reduction Reduction Reduction from 95C to (cold) from 95C to 40C from 60C to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short
of of items to washed and To which lightly or which freshening washed items. emptying the with the or Night option. Reduction and the which and switching the off. Synthetics and Wool and Handwash Reduction Reduction Reduction 30C Short 30C Short of
information information as as and with the The of this the of products that the washed to the instructions the and those issued the of this Wool and Handwash and synthetics items. 30C. The reduced to This that combined with the following options: reduction, or To which lightly or which freshening 30C
information With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced the emptying the of the with the and Night option. Turn first the to then and the washed and with and Night option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to To and to switch off the the to selected. Cancelling/OFF information
and cleaning and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or Descaling The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the
Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: Disconnect the If the cooled the to the to the emptying the and its the and to of when the cover. from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the cover the Warning! the and the selected there the and cleaning
and cleaning the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and children to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the to the that the 0C. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the the the flowing clean the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the and the
Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. that that the light flashes, of the following appear the and the sounds to that the with the supply: Please that the and then START with the Please that the and then START Please that the closed properly and then START. Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The The then immediately: something The closed. (Please that the closed properly and then START) The properly the There the The The correctly and the depressed. The selected. The of the hose too the the the Please installation. the Please the and the If the to immediately, the to section.
something Malfunction The The closed. Please that the and then START) The and/or There the Too or too used. The hose or Please that the and then START) The the hose Please that the and then START) The properly closed. (Please that the closed properly and then START) The hose or the Please that the and then START) The clogged. the Please that the and then START) The the option or selected. The distributed the whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The the emptying hose cleaning the the the hose Clean the hose the the hose Clean the the option or Redistribute the the or another the hose with the back the emptying and the back its seat.
Malfunction Unsatisfactory The The The or The the something Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The released. There the The and The The distributed the there the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. Increase the or another products to the selected the the the of the and the Select or to the the of the the of the Redistribute the
something Malfunction or the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the Redistribute the
Technical Information the the rating plate the of the Water (EWF W) (EWF W) (EWF W) Height Synthetics technical
Normal Synthetics Wool The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Water The 60C the reference the the with EEC the of the please to the the
Unpacking and the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With and the the Unscrew and the and the C the and tighten the C
the porthole, the hose from the and the with the the the and the with the the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation.Never or the to the Water hose and found the the hose from previous to to the supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of
the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If it too and to the to purchase hose specially this of The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the A. Should this the off and to Service to the Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose The hose to of hose and from Service
This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other the to earthed The responsibility or through to comply with the Should the supply to replaced, this Service Please that when the the supply easily
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then Measure to the the of and the of washed.
This each of the countries the following the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of these countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Customer Service Should further please Customer Service www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  service
ANC