126.2931.37EWF W:- EWF
126.2931.37EWF W:-
126.2931.37EWF W:- information............................30 Product hints..................................39 and cleaning Something Technical Customer service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
126.2931.37EWF W:- information Information the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people using the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the the supply If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the installation.
126.2931.37EWF W:- If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This children or infirm without Young children should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that or the information
126.2931.37EWF W:- Product effective treatment of with and The ECO allows of and reduces Prewash The the front of the Other the user (Not than
126.2931.37EWF W:- reduction
126.2931.37EWF W:- First that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO Then 90C, without the to from the and of the and the the the the outwards. the the item them as as the the and the the the amount of required, the and, to the prewash phase, the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the Turn the to the The light to flash. The following Synthetics Wool and Handwash
126.2931.37EWF W:- The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. Attention! If the to another when the the light to selection. The the selected Select the or or option. Turn the to the to from the the synthetics, and Night selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and selectionned or with On synthetic, and the with the finished, the light the light off and the to that the selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the lights and the light off and the to that the To the the to the reduce the of the the lights Select the Press the to the 90C 60-50C synthetic 40C and to hand- washed. selecting (Cold) the with To items, such as
126.2931.37EWF W:- Select the Prewash or options This function allows to the the to performance The light light You to synthetic or items of to performance this option Prewash to prewashed 30C the Handwash). The prewash with and synthetic whereas the the items that or Select the option This option recommended people who to and where the This selected with the and The Select the To the selected the the light flashing. The and lights to that the operating and the locked. To which the button: the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, light of the flashes Select the the to the the repeatedly, to the The light This to the of the or hours. You this option the and the You the the
126.2931.37EWF W:- If already the and to the as follows: the to PAUSE the the once, the light to the selected off. the to the The selected only selecting the The throughout the If to the first the to PAUSE the and then about closed the the The selected with and selecting the the lights the light this that the the If selected the prewash function, this light the prewash phase The light the the The light off: the The finished. flashing light: the the finished, the light option or It to option the the the Turn the to O and then to the The the the the the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to O to which the the First the to the If the light flashes and off, the If the light switch off, this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the
126.2931.37EWF W:- this the If the to to switch the off turning the to O about the to the and At the of the The automatically. If the option selected, the phase lights and the light off and the to that the the To the please the the option Turn the to O to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
126.2931.37EWF W:- hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and bearing the with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cloth blouse cover towelling towel, cloth Stubborn and It therefore to them to the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). hints
126.2931.37EWF W:- hints fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If using or without prewash selected. the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority.
126.2931.37EWF W:- Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic hints T.H.
126.2931.37EWF W:- white or Cold Synthetics Cold acrylics, Cold Cold Cold Cold washed items of emptying the of the with the and Night option. Iron Cold Cold synthetic the which or to switch the off. Synthetic or coloured shirts, and synthetic items. hand and as as and Select this to prewashed 30C the washed and with the and Night You choose the of the to to the to This selected slightly or items. This allows to Selecting this the washed and to creasing. this the With this to with
126.2931.37EWF W:- and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled and cleaning
126.2931.37EWF W:- and cleaning the to the to the cover and to of when the cover. from the rotating Screw the cover the Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and children to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to clean from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the using Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the hose. the of the hose the and Screw the hose back to the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE that of the
126.2931.37EWF W:- Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the necessary as previously screw the cover and the and cleaning
126.2931.37EWF W:- something Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. that the light flashes to that the Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The The The closed. light flashes) The then immediately: The closed. light flashes) The properly the There the The The correctly and the depressed. The selected. The hose or light flashes) The the hose light flashes) The properly closed. light flashes) The of the hose too the the the Please installation. the Please the and the If the to washed immediately, the the the hose Clean the hose the to section.
126.2931.37EWF W:- Malfunction The and/or There the Too or too used. Unsatisfactory The The The hose or light flashes) The clogged. light flashes) The the option or selected. The distributed the whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The released. There the something the hose Clean the the option or Redistribute the the or another the hose with Increase the or another products to the selected the the the of about or to the
126.2931.37EWF W:- something Malfunction The or or the The the The and The The distributed the there the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. the installation of the the of the Redistribute the Redistribute the
126.2931.37EWF W:- If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. Technical Information the the rating the of the Water supply something Height Synthetics and
126.2931.37EWF W:- Synthetics Iron Wool the reference the the with EEC The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Water
126.2931.37EWF W:- Transit security the the security as follows: You to the security the to Unscrew and the three screws of the porthole and the the the upright and the three the with the which the containing the instruction There should COLD WATER the with screwing of the supply, or the Previously the clean. If off reasonable amount of to that collected the the the plumber. screw the to the to the screwdrive and the to the to P0021 If the hose the the of the the to the and that and the hose or with the of the The to the mouth to the allows the hose to to the of the and that the hose and its
126.2931.37EWF W:- the or the Once the right the the the of the and of the operation. to If the IMPORTANT: The from the to the highest of the hose should to (It to and The hose twisted to Should of the hose this and of the as the the hoses too This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other The security earthing. The of the with such The responsibility or through to comply with the Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Please that when the the supply easily
126.2931.37EWF W:- The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
126.2931.37EWF W:- This each of the countries the following the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of these countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
126.2931.37EWF W:- M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great LUTON LU4 9RJ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S6, CH-5506 SK, Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.com service
126.2931.37EWF W:-
126.2931.37EWF W:-
126.2931.37EWF W:-
126.2931.37EWF W:-
126.2931.37EWF W:-