EWF12680W EWF 14680W
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of- ofrecerle Usted
information..............................5 Product hints..................................15 International information and cleaning Something Techical Customer service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Information the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that or its supply hose and If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the
If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should plumber or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the user that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This children or infirm without should to that they with the The to children of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that children or the
Product Prewash
reduction Iron
First that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO Then 90C, without the to from the and of the and the the the the outwards. the the item them as as the the and the the Measure the amount of required, the and, to the prewash phase, the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the Turn the to the The light to flash. The following Synthetics The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to to switch the off. Attention! If the to another when the the light to selection. The the selected
Option the combined. These selected choosing the and the these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights Select the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed from the the 90C 60C synthetics, 40C to handwashed and 30C while to the or or Night or option Press the repeatedly to the to from the the The light light Cottons: the Wool, Handwash Synthetics: and selecting this option, the phases. On and synthetic the witll with Night selecting this option, the the of the as to crease the phases this and selectionned or with On and synthetic the with the finished the alight, the light off and the to that the To this: the to the or reduce the of the only the lights selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished alight, the light off and the to that the To the please the option
Select the Iron option Selecting this the and to creasing. this Furthermore the This function and synthetic. If this option selected the reduce to The selected with Night Select the option This selected with the and The This option recommended people who to and where the Select the To the selected the the light flashing. The appears to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, integrated light of the flashes Select the the to the the repeatedly, to the The The from hours and then hour to of hours of this You this option the and the You the the If already the and to the as follows: the to PAUSE the the once, the light to the selected off. the to the The selected selecting the The throughout the If to the first the to PAUSE the and then
about the the The selected with Select the buttons This function allows to the the the repeatedly, the of the increased or decreased. appear the to the choosen of of 90C 60C 50C 40C 30C Cold Synthetic 60C 50C 40C 30C Cold 40C 30C Cold Attention! The option selected with the The of these to the type of as shown the chart. of heavy clothes Normal clothes clothes Light lightly clothes clothes clothes selecting the the light the light this that the the The the the The off: the The finished. the finished, the light Child This incorporates which the buttons, to from the or or option previously chosen. It protects children frrom by, or causing the To or this the and the buttons and the light-on the
of the to that as active, buttons and or the allowed. This offers the to or easy his This the of washed when the to choose the or option) or when incompatible option. This or the and Iron plancha) buttons. This incorporates to the without off lights when or when washed option or It to option the the the Turn the to and then to the The the the pressing the the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to to which the the the to the If the flashes and off, the If the switch off, this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to about the to the and At the of the The automatically. The light off. The (the off). If the option selected, the to to that the the Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, Cold the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally fast shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cloth cover sheet towelling towell tablecloth Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth.
or removing cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the
of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic T.H.
of -Cold Prewash Cold Prewash Synthetics Synthetics Cold Synthetics Prewash Cold Synthetics Prewash Cold Cold White (heavy items): sheets, tablecloths, household towels. White and coloured (normally items): sheets, household coloured lightly shirts, towels, Non coloured lightly shirts, Synthetic or shirts, Synthetic or ,lightly coulored Synthetic or coloured shirts, Synthetic or shirts, red. Iron, red., Iron, red., Iron, red., red., Iron, red., Iron, red., Iron, red., Iron, red.,
of Wool Cold Cold Cold items of emptying the with the or Night option. red. Short synthetic, or washed. or off the or red., cloths. red., to washed. red., of red., trousers, heavy red., or hand red., red., red.
and and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the
to the to the cover and to of when the cover. from the rotating Screw the cover the Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to clean from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the of the hose the and Screw the hose back to the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE that of the
Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the the should the the the the flowing clean the as previously screw the and the
Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. operation that the light flashes to that the Once the the to the If the Service The The The closed. light flashes) The then immediately: Malfunction The closed. light flashes) The properly the There the The blown. The correctly and the depressed. The selected. The hose or light flashes) The the hose light flashes) The properly closed. light flashes) The of the hose too the the the Please installation. the Please turn the and the If the to washed immediately, the the the hose Clean the hose the to section.
The and/or There the Too or too used. Unsatisfactory The The Malfunction The hose or light flashes) The clogged. light flashes) The option or selected. The distributed the whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The released. There the the hose Clean the the or Redistribute the the or another the hose with Increase the or another products to the selected the the the of about Select or to the
The or or the The the Malfunction The and The The distributed the there the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. the of the the of the Redistribute the Redistribute the
If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. Technical Information the the rating the of the Water supply (EWF 12680W) (EWF 14680W) Height (inclunding the porthole) Synthetics Delicates and
Synthetics Wool The and option selected the reference the the with EEC The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Water
Unpacking and using the You to that they the to Unscrew and the three screws of the porthole and the the the upright and the three the with the which the containing the instruction There should COLD WATER the with screwing of the supply, or the Previously it the clean. If off reasonable amount of to that lected the the the plumber. screw the to the to the screw- and the to the to If the hose the the of the the to the and that and the hose or with the of the separately. The to the mouth to the allows the hose to to the of the and that the hose and its
IMPORTANT: The from the to the highest of the hose should to (It to and The hose twisted to Should tion of the hose this and of the as the the hoses too the or the Once the right the the the of the and of the operation. to the This to single-phase, supply. that the account other The security earth- The of the with such The or through to comply with the tion. Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Please that when the the supply easily
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then Measure to the the of and the of washed.
This each of the that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.electrolux.com please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.com recorded
This each of the countries the following the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of these countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.com