EWF
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that it Ease-of-
information..............................5 Product hints..................................15 International information and cleaning Something Techical Customer service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Information the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the Only the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply clean and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the user the that the and hose and the the supply If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the installation. information
information If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This children or infirm without Young should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and The ECO allows of and reduces Prewash
reduction
First that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO Then 95C, without the to from the and of the and the the the the outwards. the the item them as as the the and the the Measure the amount of required, the and, to the prewash phase, it the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently.
Select the Turn the to the The light to flash. The following Synthetics Delicates Wool and The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to programme/Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. Attention! If the to another when the the light to selection. The the selected Option buttons the combined. These selected choosing the and the these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights Select the or Night or option Press the repeatedly to the to from the the The light light synthetics, and
Night selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and selectionned or with On and synthetic the with the finished the lights and the and the light off and the to that the To this: the to the reduce the of the At the of the lights selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the lights and tthe and the light off and the to that the To the please the option Select the Prewash or Press the repeatedly, to the option. The light light You PREWASH this option to prewashed 30C the Wool, Handwash and The Prewash with and synthetic whereas the the QUICK slightly items that or This option with the Wool, and synthetic and
The reduced to the type of and the selected as shown the chart. Normal Synthetics EASY IRON selecting this the and to creasing. this Furthermore the instead of and instead of synthetics. This function and synthetic reduced to If option chosen that allowed with the selected the light of the START/PAUSE Select the option This selected with the and The This option recommended people who to and where the Select the To the selected the the light flashing. The and lights to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, light of the flashes Select the
the to the the repeatedly, to the The light This to the of the and hours. You this option the and the You the the If the and to the as follows: the to PAUSE the the once, the light to the selected off. the to the The selected selecting the The throughout the If to the first the to PAUSE the and then about closed the the The selected the the lights the light this that the the The light the the The light off: the The finished. flashing light: the the finished, the light option or It to option the the the button. Turn the to O and then to the The the the the
the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to O to which the the the to the If the light flashes and off, the If the light switch off, this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to O about the to the and At the of the The automatically. If the or Night option selected, the phase lights and the light off and the to that the the To the please the the option Turn the to O to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including and the non-shrink. the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and hints
hints based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the
Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic T.H. hints
International These appear to choose the to International 95C 60C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 40C 30C cleaning and clean high
of of White (heavy items): sheets, tablecloths, household White (normally items): sheets, household towels. normally items, shirts, towels. White and coloured lightly items, shirts, Non coloured lightly shirts, Synthetic or coloured shirts, Synthetics red. 95C red. 60C red. 60C red. 40C red. 30C from to 30C Short Short
of of Handwash 30-Cold lightly synthetic, and hand washed items of emptying the with the or Night option. red. and the which and switching the off. Synthetics/Delicates Wool and red., red. Cold Short Short of
information as as and with the The of this the of products that the washed to the instructions the and those issued the of this M9604. Wool and Handwash This to lightly or which freshening 30C. of Short With this it to and which washed hand. The The reduced emptying the of the with the and Night option. Turn first the to then and the washed and with and Night option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to To and to switch off the the to selected. Cancelling/OFF information
and cleaning and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the
Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to the emptying the and its the cover and to of when the cover. from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the cover the Warning! the and the selected there the and cleaning
and cleaning the the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the to the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE that of the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing clean the as the emptying hose its seat screw the cover and the
Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. that the light flashes to that the Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The The The closed. light flashes) The then immediately: something The closed. light flashes) The properly the There the The blown. The correctly and the depressed. The selected. The hose or light flashes) The the hose light flashes) The properly closed. light flashes) The of the hose too the the the Please installation. the Please turn the and the If the to washed immediately, the the the hose Clean the hose firmly the to section.
something Malfunction The and/or There the Too or too used. Unsatisfactory The The The hose or light flashes) The clogged. light flashes) The the option or selected. The distributed the whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The the emptying hose cleaning the Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The released. There the the hose Clean the the option or Redistribute the the or another the hose with the back the emptying and the back its seat. Increase the or another products to the selected the the the of about Select or to the
Malfunction The or or the The the something The and The The distributed the there the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. the of the the of the Redistribute the Redistribute the
something If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information.
Information the the rating the of the Water supply Height Synthetics and technical
Synthetics Wool The the reference the the with EEC The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Water
Unpacking and the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With and the the spacer. Unscrew and the and the C the and the C
the porthole, the hose from the and the with the the the and the with the the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation.Never or the to the Water hose and found the the hose from previous to to the supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of the hose correctly the
positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of Water The of the hose three the of using the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose The hose to of hose and from Service
This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other the to earthed The or through to comply with the Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Please that when the the supply easily
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
DECLARATION OF GUARANTEE TERMS. with the of services this or the The service of the however, reduced as This of terms based Union Directive 99/44/EC and the of the The rights that the this legislation affected this of terms. This the warranty to the The within the of and with the following terms: with to free of charge that within months from the the to the first These apply the of professional or Performing the that the to the the occurred. Defective or repaired. of charge become property. as to the brought to immediately. Applying the to the of purchase showing the purchase and/or The apply caused to such as synthetic and the of The that the or the of the The warranty apply when caused by: or reaction caused operating with The apply to to which occurred of responsibility. the cover those caused or assembly, of or to the assembly instructions or Defects that from repairs or people who or or that from the of or covered the 10.Appliances that easy to or to the services repairs or built-in 11.If the built-in, built- or such that and them the where they than the that therefrom
Connected caused these and operations the responsibility of the 12.If, the the repeatedly or the with the the with another of the this the right to to the of used. 13.A that the that month repairs, to the the where imposed, this of the which the wishes to assert his rights. the of the purchase the These terms purchased and the user first that they the technical instructions, type of the country concerned and that they withstand the and purchased the first that they the or covered the and services the expired. services Products ELECTROLUX SERVICE Consumer services: ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS Bitbourg. L-1273 Consumer services: This each of the countries the following the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of these countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which
service of purchase issued of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great LUTON LU4 9RJ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S6, CH-5506 SK, Service, S:t S-105  The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.be ANC