EWF
to the of choosing first from which with of the The to offer of that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
information..............................5 Product hints..................................16 International information and cleaning Something Techical Customer service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Information the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and It to the specifications or to this high the touch that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the the supply If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the information
information If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This children or infirm without Young children should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and The New allows of and reduces Prewash
reduction Prewash light
that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Measure the and the the the amount of required, the and, to the prewash or phase, the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently.
Select the Turn the to the The light to and the shows the of the selected The following Synthetics Wool The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. Attention! If the to another when the the light and the the to selection. The the selected Option buttons the combined. These selected choosing the and the these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights Select the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed from the the 95C white 60C coloured and synthetics, 40C and to handwashed, 30C while to Select the or Night or option
Press the repeatedly to the to from the the The light light synthetics, and Night selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and selectionned or with On and synthetic the with the finished, the shows flashing, the light the light off and the to that the To the the to the reduce the of the the of the the shows flashing. selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the shows flashing, the light the light off and the to that the To the please the option Select the Prewash option Select this option to prewashed 30C the and The prewash with and synthetic whereas the the The light light the option
This selected with the and hand The This option recommended people who to and where the Select the the to the the repeatedly, to the The light The selected to hours) appear the about seconds, then the of the appear You this option the and the If to the the to the the the and You the the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this Selecting the Select the and the options. Select the button: the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. the button. the displayed. The selected with The shows the following information: Duration of the selected selecting the displayed hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the updated phase selecting the the phase to the phases the shown the of the
the started, only the the finished, flashing displayed. The selected hours of the appears the about seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The every hour and then, when hours the every Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the about seconds and the integrated light flashing. the of operating displayed, E20 Something of the finished flashing displayed, the light off and the If the finished, the switches off and the the light flashing to that the to switched off. Heating phase the the to that the the heating phase of the the Select the
To the selected the the light flashing. The light to that the operating and the locked. The light the light the The light off: the The finished. To which the the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, integrated light of the flashes the about seconds. Select the option This function allows to the the the button repeatedly, the of the increased or decreased. appear the to the choosen of of heavy items Normal items items Light slightly items slightly items synthetic and The of these to the type of as shown the chart. 95C 60C 40C 30C (cold) Synthetics 60C 40C 30C (cold) 40C 30C (cold) items or Normal Light S.
and option or It to option the the the only Turn the to O and then to the The the the the the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to O to which the the First the to the If the light off, the If the light off, this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to O about the to the and At the of the The automatically. If the or Night options selected, the light flashing appear the the light off and the to that the the To the please the the Night option Turn the to O to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
and hints hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally fast shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and bearing the non-shrink. the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and
based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with methylated from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the hints
hints Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly of of Characteristic French T.H.
International These appear to choose the to 95C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble International 60C 40C 30C cleaning and high
of of White and coloured sheets, tablecloths, household shirts, Normal White and lightly- normally items, shirts, Synthetic or coloured shirts, Synthetics Iron Synthetics to and Specially tested the Cold items. Cold Red. Red. Red. red. red. red. red. from 95C to (cold) from 95C to 40C from 60C to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short from 60C to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short
of of items to and forJeans items, shirts, and 30C washed items. emptying the with the or Night option. and the which and switching the off. Synthetics/Delicates Wool and Handwash red. 30C Short from 60C to (cold) about 30C Stop with the Short of
information information Wool and Handwash Iron as as and with the The of this the of products that the washed to the instructions the and those issued the of this M9604. Selecting this the washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the The reduced to With this to free items shirts or and with hi-tech The reduced to This heavily The of about 30C. At the of the the cally with the the the the This as or phase, to the by: only: the to the and turn the to or reduce the turning the and then At the of the the the First the to then the and the
information Cancelling/OFF With this to and which hand. The The reduced emptying the of the with the and Night option. Turn first the to then and the hand and with and Night option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to it to the to To and to switch off the the to selected. information
and cleaning and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to clean the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the
Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to the emptying the and its the cover and to of when the cover. from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Warning! the and the selected there the and cleaning
and cleaning the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the using Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the to the that the 0C. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing clean the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the cover and the
Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. operation that the light flashes and of the following appears the to that the E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The The The closed. E10 The closed. E40 The properly the There the The The correctly and the depressed. The selected. The hose or E10 The the hose E10 The properly closed. E40 something the the the Please the Please the and the If the to washed immediately, the the the hose Clean the hose the
something Malfunction The then immediately: The and/or There the Too or too used. Unsatisfactory The of the hose too The hose or E20 The clogged. E20 The the option or selected. The distributed the whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The the emptying hose cleaning the Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. to section. the hose Clean the the option or Redistribute the the or another the hose with the back the emptying and the back its seat. Increase the or another products to the selected the the
Malfunction The The The or or the The released. There the The and The The distributed the there the The the distributed the The redistributed rotation of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the something the of that the light Select or to the the of the the of the Redistribute the Redistribute the
something Malfunction The the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance.
Technical Information the the rating plate the of the Water supply Synthetics and technical
Normal Synthetics Delicates Iron Wool The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Water The 60C the reference the the with EEC the of the please to the the
and the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With and the the spacer. Unscrew and the and the C the and the C
the porthole, the hose from the and the with the the the and the with the the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation.Never or the to the Water hose and found the the hose from to to the supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of
the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of Water The of the hose three the of using the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose The hose to of hose and from Service This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other the to earthed The responsibility or through to comply with the Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Please that when the the easily
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
This each of the countries the following the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of these countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
service Customer Service Should further please Customer Service M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great LUTON LU4 9RJ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S6, CH-5506 SK, Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.com
ANC