EWF
EN Welcome to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
information............................31 Product hints..................................41 International The following this information concerning and information to the information and information Information the of and to the and first using the this including its hints and To and and cleaning Something Techical to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the it or that everyone through its properly and
information It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the the and off the supply clean and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service to with whalebones, without or torn This should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the user to this should or to this should or to that the the supply If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the installation. the that or its supply hose and If the location to frost, please the of chapter.
This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the user that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This or infirm without should to that they with the The to children of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that or the information
Product Prewash
reduction options
First that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO Then 90C, without the to from the and of the and the the the the outwards. the the item them as as the the and the the Measure the amount of the and, to the prewash phase, the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the Turn the to the The light to flash. The following Synthetics and
The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. Attention! If the to another when the the lights of the to flash. The the selected Select the Turn the to the 95C 60-50C synthetic 40C and to hand-washed. selecting (Cold) the with To items, such as Option buttons the combined. These selected choosing the and the these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights Select the or Night or option Turn the You choose the or Night At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. the of the sound reduced and without to of off- rates. and Synthetics, with
Select the Prewash or Press the repeatedly, to the option. The light light You Prewash: this option to prewashed 30C the Handwash). The prewash with and synthetic whereas the the This option selected to choose with You this option with and synthetic It with the option slightly items that or This option with the Handwash and option. If option chosen that with the selected the light of the START/PAUSE the option This selected with the and The instead of This option recommended people who to and where the Select the To the selected the the light flashing. The and lights to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light to flash.
To the from the which it interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, integrated light of the flashes Select the the to the the repeatedly, to the The light This to the of the and hours. You this option the and the You the the button. If already the and to the as follows: the to PAUSE the the once, the light to the selected off. the to the The selected only selecting the The throughout the If to the first the to PAUSE the and then about closed the the The selected with and selecting the the lights the light this that the the If selected the prewash function, this light the prewash phase The light the light the light off: the flashing light: the It the whole indicating that the locked. the light the the finished, the light
option or It to option the the the only Turn the to O and then to the The the the the the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to O to which the the First the to pressing the If the light flashes and off, the If the light flash, this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to O about the to the and At the of the The automatically. If the option selected, the phase lights and the light off and the to that the the To the please the the option Turn the to O to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, (cold) the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, normally shirts, or and lightly white items including synthetic and the non-shrink. with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cloth, cover pillow towelling towel, cloth Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). hints
hints based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the
Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic hints T.H.
International
of Synthetics 60C Iron 40C Wool 40C Handwash 40C 30C 30C Short to clothes Short lightly washed washed items of This option 60C and White or clothes tablecloths, household Synthetic or coloured shirts, Synthetic or to and items that emptying the with the or Night option.
and cleaning and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from washing, and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the
Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to the cover and to of when the cover. from the rotating Screw the cover the Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and children to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the of the hose the and Screw the hose back to the that the 0C. and cleaning
and cleaning Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE that of the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the as previously screw the cover and the
Something to of or oversights, which easily without contacting Service please the below. operation that the light flashes to that the Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The The The closed. light flashes) The then immediately: The closed. light flashes) The properly the There the The The correctly and the depressed. The selected. The hose or light flashes) The the hose light flashes) The properly closed. light flashes) The of the hose too something the the the Please the Please the and the If the to washed immediately, the the the hose Clean the hose the to section.
something Malfunction The and/or There the Too or too used. Unsatisfactory The The The hose or light flashes) The clogged. light flashes) The the option selected. The option or selected. The distributed the whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The released. There the the hose Clean the Not the option. Redistribute the the or another the hose with Increase the or another products to the selected the the the of about Select or to the
Malfunction The or or the The the The and The The distributed the there the The because the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. something the of the the of the Redistribute the Redistribute the
technical If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. Technical Information the the rating the of the Water supply
40-30-Cold Synthetic Synthetic 40-30-Cold 40-Cold 40-Cold The with of the reference the the the with EEC The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Water
security the the security as follows: You to the security the to Unscrew and the three screws of the porthole, and the with the the the upright and the three the with the which the containing the instruction There should COLD WATER the with screwing of the supply, or the Previously the clean. If off reasonable amount of to that collected the the the plumber. screw the to the to the screwdrive and the to the to P0021 If the hose the the rear of the the to the and that and
the hose or with the of the separately. The to the mouth to the allows the hose to to the of the and that the hose and its IMPORTANT: The from the to the highest of the hose should to (It to and The hose to Should of the hose this and of the as the the hoses too the or the Once the right the the the of the and of the operation. to If the This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other The security earthing. The of the with such The responsibility or through to with the Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Please that when the the supply easily
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.electrolux.fr please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.fr recorded This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to