EWF EWF
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
information..............................5 Product hints..................................17 International information..............24-25 and cleaning Something Techincal Customer service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Information the of and to the and first the this user including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This should when the that it If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this section the user the that the and hose and the the supply If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the installation. information
information If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the user that and and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This or infirm without children should to that they with the The to children of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If necessary To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and The ECO allows of and reduces Prewash charts with the One the front of the and the others attached the user assy. The chart the easily replaced: the chart from the the right and the chart with the required.
reduction Iron
that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO Then 90C, without the to from the and of the and the Acoustic The of acoustic which sounds the following when selecting when the options buttons the of the the of operating the Iron and buttons about seconds, the acoustic deactivated the of operating these the the acoustic reactivated. the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Measure the and the the Measure the amount of the and, to with the prewash or phase, the
If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the Turn the to the The sounds. The and the the chosen. You these operating the buttons. The shows the following information about the selected phase the The light to flash. The following Synthetics Wool Handwash and and The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. Position to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. Attention! If the to another when the the light and the appear the to selection. The the selected Option the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the
Select the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed from the the 90C 60C synthetics, 40C and and to handwashed, 30C and while to the the thermometer animated. Select the or Night option Press the repeatedly to the to from the the the phase the animated. and (EWF W); (EWF W); Wool and Handwash: Synthetics and and option the phases and increases the of synthetics, and selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the shows flashing, the the light off and the to that the To the the to the and reduce the of the the of the the shows flashing. The and the Night selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and it selectionned or with On synthetic, and the with the finished, the flashing, the the light off and the to that the
To the please the previous option Select the Iron option Selecting this the and to creasing. this Furthermore the synthetics and This function and synthetic If this option selected and the reduce to Select the option This selected with the Wool, Handwash,Lingerie, The This option recommended people who to and where the Select the the to the the repeatedly, to the The appear the the of the The selected to hours) appear the about seconds, then the of the appear You this option the and the If to the the to the the the and You the the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this Selecting the Select the and the options. Select the the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired.
the the displayed. The selected with The shows the following information: Duration of the selected selecting the displayed hours and The the clock animated. The the of the recommended each type of the started, the updated every phase selecting the the phase to the phases the shown the of the the and the started, the lighted-on and the phase the finished, flashing displayed and the The selected hours of the appears the about seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The phase lighted-on. The every hour and then, when hour the every Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the the of the about seconds and the integrated light flashing.
the of operating displayed, E20 Something of the finished flashing displayed, the and the Heating phase the the shows the animated to that the the heating phase of the the Select the To the selected the button; the light flashing. The appears the to that the operating and the locked. To which the button: the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, light of the flashes the about seconds. Three acoustic sound.
and Select the option This function allows to the the the repeatedly, the of the increased or decreased. appear the to the of of heavy items Normal items items Light slightly items slightly items items or synthetic and Attention! The option selected with the The of these to the type of as shown the following chart: 90C 60C 50C 40C 30C (cold) Synthetics 60C 50C 40C 30C (cold) Delicates 40C 30C (cold) option or It to option the the the the option the started. Turn the to and then to the The the the the
the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to to which the the First the to the If the the the If the light off, this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to about the to the and At the of the The automatically. acoustic sound If the or Night options selected, the light off, flashing appear the the and the locked to that the the To the please the the option At the of the the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the (cold) the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and hints
hints based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and the of the the If or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the
Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic French T.H. hints
International These appear to choose the to International 95C 60C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 40C 30C cleaning and high
of of White and coloured sheets, tablecloths, household shirts, Normal White and coloured lightly-normally items, shirts, items sheets, tablecloths, household shirts, Prewash Prewash White and coloured lightly-heavy items, shirts, Synthetic or coloured shirts, Synthetics Synthetic heavy items: coloured shirts. Synthetics Prewash Synthetic lightly items: coloured shirts. Synthetics Synthetic normally items: coloured shirts. Synthetics Prewash Red. Red. Red. Red. Red. Red. 40C Red. Short 40C Red. Short from 95C to (cold) from 60C to 40C from 95C to (cold) from 60C to 40C from 60C to (cold) Short from 60C to (cold) Short
of of +Prewash heavy Specially tested the Wool Handwash hand items. items to washed and items, shirts, and 30C Red. Red. Red. Red. Red. Red. 30C Red. from to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short Short 30C Short about 30C Stop with the
of of items. emptying the with the Night option or Red. and synthetics, and handwashed the which and switching the off. Synthetics/Delicates Wool and Handwash Red. Red. and of
information information as as and with the The of this the of products that the washed to the instructions the and those issued the of this M9604. Wool and Handwash and synthetics items. 30C. The reduced to With this to items or and of hi-tech The 40C. This heavily The of about 30C. At the of the the cally with the the the the This as or phase, necessary to the by: only: the to the and the to or reduce the turning the and then button. At the of the the the First the to then the and the
information This selected slightly or normally and synthetic items. The and the This allows to efficiency With this to and which hand. The The reduced emptying the of the with the and Night option. Turn first the to then and the washed and with and Night option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to washed It to synthetic, wool/handwashed, items. To and to switch off the the to selected. Cancelling/OFF information
and cleaning and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the
Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: Disconnect the If the cooled the to the to the emptying the and its the cover and to of when removing the cover. from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the cover the Warning! the and the selected there the and cleaning
and cleaning the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to it from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the to the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE that of the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the cover and the
Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. that the light flashes, of the following appears the and the acoustic sound every seconds to that the E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The The The closed. E10 something The closed. E40 The properly the There the The blown. The correctly and the depressed. The selected. The hose or E10 The the hose E10 The properly closed. E40 the the the Please installation. the Please the and the If the to immediately, the the the hose Clean the hose the
something Malfunction The then immediately: The and/or There the Too or too used. Unsatisfactory The of the hose too The hose or E20 The clogged. E20 The the option or or selected. The distributed the whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The the emptying hose cleaning the Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. to section. the hose Clean the the option or Redistribute the the or another the hose with the back the emptying and the back its seat. Increase the or another products to the selected the the
Malfunction The The The or or the something The released. There the The and The The the there the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the the of the desappearing. or to the the of the the of the Redistribute the Redistribute the
something Malfunction The the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance.
Technical Information the the rating the of the Water (EWF W) (EWF W) Height Synthetics and and technical
Normal Prewash Prewash Synthetics Synthetics Prewash Synthetics Synthetics +Prewash Prewash Delicates Wool Water the of the please to the the
The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each The with 60C the reference the the with EEC
Unpacking and the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the rear of the With and the the spacer. Unscrew and the rear and the C the and the C
the porthole, the hose from the and the with the the the and the with the the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation.Never or the to the Water hose and found the the hose from to to the supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of
the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the A. Should this the off and to Service to the Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose The hose to of hose and from Service
This to V, single-phase, supply. Check that the account other the to earthed The responsibility or through to comply with the Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Please that when the the supply easily
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
This each of the countries the following the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of these countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the home, The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
service Customer Service Should further please Customer Service www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
ANC