EWF
information Product First hints and to without information reference. The of with the industry and with the of as it to the following It that this instruction should retained with the ance reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the or- that the to know the functioning of the and the You MUST them or the first the ance incurred If If the the winter months when there hours using the first It to the specifications or to this of of thinking www.electrolux.com and cleaning What to Technical high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other age and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the cleaning and should to the yourself. inexperienced people or serious malfunction- Service
This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this section the user the that the and hose and the the supply the If the please the to to freely the ance. that there age from hoses and their the installation. If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should fied plumber or to this should fied or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the tions each the the Table. that and buttons and fas- or torn and such as and wired NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or struction concerning of the their The to of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that or the To and becoming the the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the ton counterclockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and Its allows of and reduces
Compartment and phase or the action phase The prewash and the of the The the action phase. Compartment or If using the Compartment additives starch). Follow the to and the MAX the or starching additives the the Below of the It shows the as as the buttons, lights and the These the following TEMPERATURE SPIN reduction EASY IRON EXTRA RINSE DELAY START START/PAUSE TIME MANAGER Selector It allows to switch the on/off and/or to This allows to increase or crease the
Reduction this the of the selected Iron selecting this option the washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the On the automatically. This If to the of this option. The shows the following information: Cold the the shows the animated to that the the heating phase of the the icons. Night the phase the mated. option the phases and increases the of selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the This option recommended people who to and where the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this This allows to or to the selected These buttons allows to the the finished the shows three the the light of off and the to that the To the please the At the of the Night selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and or with On the with the fin- ished, the shows three the the light of off and the to that the
To the please the At the of the Option Iron Child First Normal/Daily Light/Quick Duration of the selected selecting the hours and The tomatically the of the recommended each type of the started, the updated of the finished three flashing displayed, the and the Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the displayed the of the seconds and the light of flashing. the of operating displayed, E20 What to Table of Cottons, Prewash, Synthetics, Delicates, Wool, Handwash, First that the and comply with the tion instructions. the and from the the first the highest without Clock the started, the tion displayed and the clock ted. and the started, this lighted and the phase the finished, three flashing displayed and this appears. phase Prewash selecting the the phase to the phases the shown the of the the of the phase The selected the appears the seconds, then the of the selected displayed. The lighted The every hour and then, when hour the Iron, Child the to from the and of the and the
Acoustic The with acoustic which sounds the following the of the there the and buttons ously about seconds the acoustic deactivated there these the acoustic reactivated. Child This to the ance and to that might or to the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Measure the and the the the amount of the or the the selected the This function when the There to this tion: to the to other or option. To or this option about seconds and the the appears or If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently.
Select the turning the Turn the to the The and the the chosen. You these operating the sponding buttons. The light of the to flash. The turned clock- or counterclockwise. Turn to to programme/Switching the off. At the of the the tor turned to O, to switch the off. If the to another when the the light of and the to selection. The the selected Select the selecting the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed the selecting the the that Press repeatedly to the to Select the options buttons and the combined. These selected choosing the and these buttons pressed, the appear the they the If incorrect option selected, the ted light of the flashes and the appears the seconds. the the and the options Select the the to the the to the The appear the the of the The selected to hours) appear the then the of the appear You this option the and You or the Selecting the Select the and the options. Select the pressing the ton Press the its hourly count- The the lected expired. the
the to PAUSE Press once the displayed Press to the The selected only selecting the The selected with DRAIN the To the selected the the light of the To which the the light To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, the light of the the displayed seconds. Select the option buttons these buttons repeatedly, the of the creased or decreased. The the to the of This option only with Synthetic and of heavy items Normal items items Light slightly items slightly items items or to reduce the The selected with the The of these to the type of as shown the following chart. 95/90C 60C/50C 40C 30C Cold Synthetics 60C/50C 40C 30C Cold 40C 30C Cold option or It to options the them change, PAUSE the the to the option, the and selection Turn the to and then to the the the The the Press the to which the light Press the to the Turn the to to which
You the the (or the the locked, to first the to PAUSE the If the from the the If the off, this means that the already heating or that the too high. to force the If the to to switch the off turning the to the tion to the and closing the to the and options and to At the of the The automatically. Three appear the and the light of off. acoustic sound If or option that with the selected, the displayed to that hints and Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, or Cold normally white cot- tons and cloths, towels, tablecloths, normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the the the Follow the below instructions to the Turn the to Select the or the pressing the Press At the of the the and the Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and If within the fin- ished, the back light of the switches off and the abled. the light of the to that the to switched off. the from the and another or switch the off. the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or
Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling towel, cloth, Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with tone the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with Treat with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with thylated or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If without prewash selected. incorporates which allows of the Follow the to and the MAX the
of Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. when medium-high of (from of II). Follow the instructions. The of then to of and of COTTONS 90-Cold Red. white and (normally items). COTTONS ECONOMY White and coloured This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to COTTONS WITH PREWASH 90-Cold Prewash Red. white or coloured with prewash phase (heavily items). COTTONS ECONOMY WITH PREWASH Prewash white or coloured with prewash phase. This selected normally items with The and the extended. Charac- teristic SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NO SPIN, NIGHT CY- CLE, EASY IRON, EX- TRA RINSE, TIME MANAGER SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE, EASY IRON, EXTRA RINSE SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE, EASY IRON, EXTRA RINSE, TIME MANAGER SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE, EASY IRON, EXTRA RINSE of Compartment T.H.
and of SYNTHETICS 60-Cold Red. Synthetic or coloured shirts, SYNTHETICS WITH PREWASH 60-Cold Prewash Red. Synthetic or with prewash phase: coloured shirts, (heavily items). SYNTHETICS ECONOMY This selected synthetics and items. This allows to efficiency The 40C. SYNTHETICS ECONOMY WITH PREWASH Prewash This selected synthetics and items with This allows to The 40C. DELICATES WITH PREWASH 40-Cold Prewash Red. acrylics, with phase. DELICATES 40-Cold Red. acrylics, WOOL 40-Cold SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE, EASY IRON, EXTRA RINSE, TIME MANAGER SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE, EASY IRON, EXTRA RINSE, TIME MANAGER SPIN,NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE, EASY IRON, EXTRA RINSE SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE, EASY IRON, EXTRA RINSE SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE, EXTRA RINSE, TIME MAN- AGER SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE, EXTRA RINSE, TIME MAN- AGER SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE Compartment
and of as as and or item If the the phase, items, redistribute the manually and then the HANDWASH 40-Cold with LINGERIE This items, as and SILK and synthetic items. JEANS With this to items shirts or and with (The option activated automatically). SOAK Prewash about Stop with the heavily The 30C. At the of this the with the phase, to the by: the to (Press the SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE, EASY IRON Compartment
and of and the tor to reduce the of and then This as or the the the At the of the the the (First turn the to then to the and the RINSES With this to and cot- ton which washed hand. The The reduced. DRAIN of emptying the of the with the and Night option selected. SPIN and and with the and Night option selected. You choose the the to to the to DELICATE SPIN and synthetic, and washed O/OFF the which or to switch the off If the option that reduce the as indicated. (Red. reduced however with somewhat reduced cleaning If using without PREWASH selected. and cleaning Warning! You the cleaning or from the electricity supply, SPIN, NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD, NIGHT CYCLE, EASY IRON, EXTRA RINSE Compartment SPIN SPIN
The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes it to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thor- oughly. or products to the Cleaning the The should cleaned regularly. the firmly. of To cleaning, the top of the should the from the Clean with the as as that Clean of the the the top of the chamber, with
the the and the to the or containing the with scouring containing or or the with cleaning without to off cleaning Short and of from to the and that trapped the The should inspected and the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If necessary the cooled the to the to Release the emptying it the and its cover. screw the and to of when the
from the rotating the the empty- hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, it securely as to and children to Cleaning the If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the the hose with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the and the
What to to of or oversights, which easily without contacting Service please the below. that the light of of the following appears the and acoustic sound The The The then immediately: The and/or There the The closed. E40 the firmly. The properly the the the There the Please installation. The the The correctly and the pressed. Please the and the The selected. If the to washed immediately, the The Child activated. Deactivate the Child The closed. E10 the The hose or E10 the hose The the hose E10 Clean the hose The properly closed. E40 the firmly. The of the hose too to section. The hose or E20 the hose The clogged. E20 Clean the option or that with the the or that the phases selected. Select the or The distributed the Redistribute the Too or too used. the or another whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to the hose The or hose with seconds to that the E10 with the supply. E20 with the E40 Once the the to the If the Service
Unsatisfactory The The or the The the If to or the service of the and purchase of the Service this informa- tion. The the emptying hose or the properly screwed cleaning action. the the emptying hose or screw the Too or used. Increase the or another Stubborn treated to products to the The selected. selected the the The the of The released. the There the Select or to the The and the of the The the of the The distributed the Redistribute the there the The the distributed the The redis- tributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this case,redistribute the manually and the Redistribute the The too items, redistribute the manually and then the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance.
Technical Height included) Information the the rating the of the Water supply White ECO Synthetics Synthetics Wool/ Handwash 60C with of the reference the the with EEC The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the Water the of the please to the the
and the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the and hose from the hose the of the Unscrew the three the spacers.
the porthole and the the the and the with the the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and If necessary, the with necessary with and of the operation. or the to the
Water Warning! This connected to supply. the hose with the to with thread. the hose with the the hose from previous to to the supply. The other of the hose which to the turned as showed the the hose the hose to the or right the of the hose correctly the positioning the to the to The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose ventilated, the of the than the of the The hose
The hose to of hose and from Service Information the the rating the of the that tion the account other the to earthed The responsibility or The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the The with the through to comply with the The supply easily the Should the supply to replaced, this Service This that they of them properly hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then
to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.com