PM customer, Please these operating instructions and to the indicated the first that this instruction reference and to owners. protection Technical specifications Unpacking Positioning and Water Water of the The of this the following The and/or the (Warning!, information that or functioning of the The information with this instructions and the of the and information about and of the with this the that If and the Service hints Sorting the the Removing and additives International Water Emergency emptying Something to the protection of the
PM The following the interests of You them or using the internal the Serious caused to the or the protective or completely to the the instruction to this to this plumber. the that its If the that freely the and the This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the Follow the instructions the instruction that empty. such as and screws with trichlorethylene, If such to to they completely from the the items such as cloth or pillowcase to them trapped the and the only the recommended of amount the the porthole slightly when the This the and the formation of that the If the following the instructions the instruction the and the Repairs to the Repairs inexperienced serious Service the supply to the from the of the high the Child Children often of the children should and allowed to with the The to of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that or the the to scrapped, off the supply and the with the the catch to children from becoming while ENGLISH
PM Unpacking and using the You to that they the to and the screws. the the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the the from the of the and release the the polythene the right and then the right polythene the and then upwards. the cover the of as the arrow A and the top of the cover to closed You instructions the cover assembling the upright and the screw. the the with the which the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the touch the or screwing the or or the to the Water the hose to with BSP thread. the hose with the DO NOT USE OLD HOSES. The other of the hose which to the turned the the hose and the there ENGLISH
PM This effective treatment of with and The the function of and selection, to the The the selected and the phase which The with its with The cooling of the from to 60C from and reduce thermal shock to to creasing. The The ECO allows of and reduces of the Prewash starch ENGLISH
PM hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white (cold) items including synthetic and the The of this the of products that the washed to the instructions the and those issued the of this M9604. the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth blouse Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the
PM with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. the the the the Follow the to and the MAX the of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic French T.H. than than ENGLISH
PM International These appear to choose the to 95C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 60C 40C 30C cleaning and clean high
PM the To the selected the the light flashing. The light The You the the started, turning the to and then the The the the the the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to to which the the First the to PAUSE the The when the light If the this that the 55C, that the the of the or that the If the to to switch the off turning the to about the to the and Select the and to At the of the The automatically. If the option selected, the and phase lights to that the the To this first the to and then to or The the to creasing or synthetic, and items, the reduced of the The the light Release of the indicated the of the light. At the of the the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
PM of Additional functions household towels, White tablecloths COTTON 60E White towels, sheets, tablecloths COTTON Coloured COLD COTTON Synthetics Shirts, easy to SYNTHETICS COLD SYNTHETICS Synthetics DELICATES of cloths with reduction COLD DELICATES Delicates COLD Wool slightly/normally the with of 40C and higher. coloured hand towels, Non-fast coloured items, shirts, Shirts, Acrylic, items, the WOOL Prewash reduction Prewash reduction Prewash Stains** reduction Prewash reduction Prewash reduction Prewash reduction reduction ENGLISH
PM items emptying the of the of with RINSE HOLD option Short the which or to switch the off. Additional with additive, Short Water Reduction Reduction
PM Clean the of the with and only. with and with cloth. or products to the from to the and that the while, and the Clean the from to To the from the the the corner. To cleaning, the top of the the recess: with toothbrush. the cleaning. The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: Disconnect the If the cooled the to the to Release the emptying the and its the and to of when the ENGLISH
PM from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the Whe the the back the Empty the the flowing the as the emptying hose its seat screw the and the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the from the the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the the formation of and, of the affected the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO that of the
PM Something which yourself, the Service. operation that the light to flash: flashes= the closed flashes= the flash= the Once the the to the If checks, the Service The closed. The The The closed. The then immediately: The and/or There the Too or too used. Unsatisfactory Too or too used. The or there the The The correctly and the depressed. The hose or The the hose The properly closed. The of the hose too to section. The hose or The option selected. The clogged. The the whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The the emptying hose cleaning the The screwed cleaning. used. Stubborn treated to The selected. ENGLISH
PM Water the The which the of with Performance nevertheless or the The and The or The The If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The The distributed the there the The released. There the The when the light