EWT
and their Lights of Prewash the MAX The
Information Please these and using this with or to this ance. This would that brooches, screws If they seriously the the recommended of items together or and hose pliance. the supply from the cleaning or clothes with finished or torn Unpack or the to immediately the of the to and the to the supply plumber. If to allow the to that, installation, the trapped the If the that the located the of the pliance. The with earth- which conforms to connecting to the supply, the instructions the chapter the should authorised service to the first the and tions comply with the tions. the and other items the The from incorrect tion. to frost If to below 0C, the following the and the the of this hose and the hose the Select the the of the the from the supply turning the to Stop the the hose and This the the hoses formation which would turning that where the below the or or other to the instructions the of each item items the which with If such used, the these items the This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the 90C, without with to clean the
Loading the of the the the locking A: The cally. the the and the of Warning! closing the of that the properly closed the closed, locking released. Proportioning of the amount of the and prewash selected the prewash option. the necessary. Selection of Turn the to the The flashes If the to another while the the selected The flashes seconds. Selecting the Press the repeatedly to increase or the The Selecting the Turn the the tion. The Synthetics, Wool, Delicates, At the of the selected or Night then to or to the and the Selecting options You the options select- the and the Press the button(s) the lights If the lights If of the options with the lected the flashes red. Prewash option The prewash 30C option This option allows to choose which as effective as higher option The reduced the selected. option The or the This option recommended people with and areas. Temporary Press the ton. The option active the selected the and seconds. The tion activated, the switched off. To the This option allows to the of or hours the You or the the the ton (when off, the immediately). If already the and to or the as follows To the and the mediately, and then Press to the To the through the Stop and The the If to first the the closing the the
of the Press the to the The light It the to stationary the The light to the Prewash of the first Press the the light while the The around the to Press the to the the to the to the the If the the of Load/Time options White or normally clothes, towels. Synthetics Synthetic coloured shirts, creasing and Wool items carrying the hand items carrying the hand 30C. The of lightly items this flashes seconds. If to the the below). the If to the the to the Stop of the The automatically, the and the light of The only around the to Turn the to the Stop and If the commands ted or the lights and flashes slowly. To ton or the selector. Night Night Prewash, Night Night Night Night Night
of Load/Time options washed items this (or Night from to (or Night (or Night Reference to CEI option): with with of 40C and and cleaning the cleaning. the To the recommended amounts and often should The to the of the or products. To clean, as follows the which located the of the Night the coupled closing the to and the Water To clean, as follows
Numerous malfunction, please to the sections ance the factory. should below contacting the service. The or The straight The or empty: You found around the unsatisfactory: the there too the the there isnt enough The The too The The the of the directly the when the the isnt correctly, the isnt there the of and the closed firmly, the hasnt properly selected, the supply off, the closed, the dirty, appears the the too section). the hose or the obstructed, the of activated distributed the the or Night or option selected, the height of the too caused to overflow, the the isnt attached correctly, the hose from the section), the isnt and unbalanced, the too to the or distributed the the too the the dirty, the or off, the overheating activated, the than the security activated (too and the the the of activated: phase to the the or electricity supply selected, the the the too high, the the of the the MAX
The flashes On the sound to the and Additives and additives of This the There the of Technical Specifications DIMENSIONS Height LINE VOLTAGE /FREQUENCY POWER CONSUMPTION WATER PRESSURE to supply protective the first Transporting non-secured ance internal and and The through physical the closed properly, the obstructed, the hose or the hose to high "Installation" section), the the the closed, the supply off. when prewash selected. without prewash, they of or the of
Untying To the as surrounding as shown Water supply the hose the of proceeding as follows. The hose If too please the service. of the carrying the of them tion and recycling. of which to oth- the there Drainage the the everything (or height of and securely. to the of the to of The hose stretched. If too This connected single-phased V. Check the V. The connected with or that the earthed and that with Positioning the and location. the with the or other and the from when off the the of the The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of MAXI MINI
and this of correctly, the and health, which oth- caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the Protecting the To and and therefore the the following: Whenever the pacity and loads. the prewash and heavily items. amount of the of the the of the and the
www.electrolux.com ANC