EWP
information Product First hints and to without information reference. The of with the industry and with the of as it to the following It that this instruction should retained with the ance reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the or- that the to know the functioning of the and the You MUST them or the first the ance incurred If If the the winter months when there hours using the first It to the or to this of of thinking www.electrolux.com and cleaning What to Technical high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other age and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply cleaning and should to the yourself. inexperienced people or serious malfunction- Service
This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the the the If the please the to to freely the ance. that there age from hoses and their the If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should fied or to this should fied or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the tions each the the that and buttons and fas- or torn and such as and wired NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or struction concerning of the their The to of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that or the To children and becoming trapped the the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the ton counterclockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and Its allows of and reduces Compartment and phase or the action phase The prewash and the of the The the action phase. Compartment or If it the Compartment additives starch). Follow the to and the MAX the or starching additives the the Plate feet
of the It shows the as as the buttons and the lights. These the following PROGRAMME SPIN reduction OPTIONS EXTRA RINSE Selector It allows to switch the on/off and/or to Reduction this reduce the allowed the ted or to the tion(s). selecting this option, phases and as to the Recommended On the with selecting this function the of the to the from creasing. the to the To the please the At the of the START/PAUSE DELAY START Lights Prewash selecting this option the prewash the phase. The prolonged. This option recommended heavily this the reduced. To lightly Short lightly items or which only freshening to reduce the This If to the using of this option. This option people who to and where the
This allows to or to the selected The of the or hours of this lights Table of First that the and comply with the tion instructions. the and from the of the of the to the the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Wool Prewash/Wash Cold Handwash switching the both lights (Prewash/Wash) and the the light to the phase If the light At the of the the light and, there the the ECO Then the highest without the to from the and of the and the
Measure the and the the Measure the amount of it the or the the selected If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. the turning the Turn the to the The the the chosen. You this the The light of the to flash. The turned clock- or counterclockwise. Turn to to programme/Switching the off. At the of the the tor turned to O, to switch the off. If the to another when the the light of to selection. The the selected the selecting the the that Press repeatedly to the to The light
Select the options buttons and the combined. These selected choosing the and the these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the integrated light of the flashes the the and the options Select the the to the the to the The light You this option the and the You or the Selecting the Select the and the Select the the ton Press the its hourly count- The the lected expired. the ted the the to PAUSE Press once, the light to the selected off Press to the The selected with DRAIN The selected only selecting the The locked throughout the If to the the to PAUSE the and then the the the To the selected the the light The lights and to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, the light of the option or It to options the them PAUSE the the only Turn the to and then to the the pressing the The the Press the to which the light Press the to the Turn the to to which You the the (or the the locked, to first the to PAUSE the to the If the locked, this that the already heating or that the
too high. force the If the to to switch the off turning the to the tion to the and closing the to the and options and to At the of the The automatically. The light of and the lights to the finished phases The light to that the finished. to the If or option that with the selected, the locked. The the hints and Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to Follow the below instructions to the Turn the to Select the or the the Press At the of the the light to that the finished. The Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with tone the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with Treat with bleach.
and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with thylated or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the and of COTTONS Red. White (heavily items). If without prewash selected. incorporates which allows of the Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Follow the tions to the lightly of of Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. If the or high to following the instructions. the of the tity of the Compartment SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD PREWASH DAILY QUICK EXTRA RINSE
and of COTTONS ECONOMY White and coloured This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to efficiency COTTONS ECONOMY Coloured This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to efficiency COTTONS Cold Red. Coloured (lightly or normally items). SYNTHETICS Cold Red. Synthetic or coloured shirts, DELICATES Red. acrylics, Compartment SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD PREWASH EXTRA RINSE SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD PREWASH EXTRA RINSE SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD PREWASH DAILY QUICK EXTRA RINSE SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD PREWASH DAILY QUICK EXTRA RINSE SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD PREWASH DAILY QUICK EXTRA RINSE
and of WOOL as as and or item If the the phase, items, redistribute the manually and then the HANDWASH Cold with RINSES With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced the DRAIN of emptying the of the with the option selected. SPIN and and with options selected which with the You choose the the to to the to OFF the which or to switch the off. If without PREWASH selected. If the QUICK option that reduce the as indicated. (Red. reduced however with somewhat reduced cleaning and cleaning Warning! You the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this Compartment SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD EXTRA RINSE SPIN
from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes it to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thor- oughly. or products to the Cleaning the The should cleaned regularly. The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Clean with Clean the chamber of with
the to the or containing the with scouring containing or or the with cleaning without to off cleaning Short and of from to the and that the The should inspected and the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the the with (or with the that the the instruction the with to the to the emptying from the cover,
screw the cover, using and the to of when the cover. from the rotating the the to it properly. screw firmly. the emptying the cover and firmly. the
Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Cleaning the If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the the hose with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the the emptying from the The should the the the the Empty the the flowing clean the as previously screw the and the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the from the Turn off the Unscrew the the of the hose the the emptying of the and the emptying the and screw the hose back. to the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO that of the
What to to of or oversights, which easily without contacting Service please the below. that the light of to that the The The The then immediately: The and/or The closed (the light the firmly. The properly the the the There the Please installation. The the The correctly and the ton pressed. Please the and the The selected. If the to washed immediately, the The closed (the light the The hose or (the light the hose The the hose (the light Clean the hose The properly closed (the light the firmly. The of the hose too to section. The hose or (the light the hose The (the light Clean the option or that with the the or that the phases selected. Select the or The distributed the Redistribute the Once the the to the If checks, the Service
There the Unsatisfactory The The or the The the If to or the service of the Too or too used. the or another whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to it the hose The or hose with The emptying the or the properly screwed cleaning action. the emptying the or screw the Too or used. Increase the or another Stubborn treated to products to the The selected. selected the the The the of The released. the There the Select or to the The and the installation of the The the of the The distributed the Redistribute the there the The the distributed the The redis- tributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the Redistribute the The too items, redistribute the manually and then the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. and purchase of the Service this informa- tion.
Height Water supply White ECO Synthetics Wool/ Handwash 60C with of the reference the the with EEC The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the Information the the rating the of the Water
and using the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the and hose from the hose the of the Unscrew the three the spacers. the and the with the the containing the instruction
Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation. or the to the Water Warning! This connected to supply. the hose with the to with thread. the hose with the the hose from previous to to the supply. The other of the hose which to the as showed the the hose the hose to the or right the of the hose correctly the positioning the to the to The hose lengthened. If too and to the
to purchase hose specially this type of connecting the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the The hose to of hose and from Service branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose ventilated, the of the than the of the The hose
Information the the rating the of the that tion the required, account other the to earthed Warning! The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the The with the The responsibility or through to comply with the Should the to replaced, this MUST Service The easily the This that they of them properly hints To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed Measure to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.com