user EWS EWS
CONTENTS information Technical information Product SAFETY INFORMATION the and this and the of property To the the operation of the ance. these instructions with the or to The and CHILDREN AND VULNERABLE PERSON SAFETY included, with reduced physical sensory, reduced or of and knowledge the They or instruction the of the who their with the ance. from There the of suffocation or from and from the when the the that children and the If the to of of thinking and first and cleaning Troubleshooting to without GENERAL SAFETY the professional The only the of this There the of and to the or items that with products or the of or fire. the instructions the to burns to mouth and throat. that from the and to the ance. the of the while operates. The front-loading CARE AND CLEANING Deactivate the and the from the the without the that the of the correct. incorrect INSTALLATION The heavy, when without the internal and or
and to and that the nected from the the installation, the and the of the This to the of or or the where the than C. the that there the and the the to the the and the Water the with hoses already used. hoses. to to the hoses. the to or the flow then the The first the that the hoses and the couplings ENVIRONMENT CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the that the earthed. that the information the rating plate with the supply. correctly shock- and There of fire. or the the service to to the and the to the the of the installation. that there to the the installation. the to the the DISCARD THE APPLIANCE Disconnect the from the off the and the catch. This or to closed the pliance. There of suffocation front-loading PACKAGING MATERIALS the with the the to ECOLOGICAL HINTS To the and these instructions: without the prewash phase to with with the of If necessary, when with To the of the the of
TECHNICAL INFORMATION Height of protection of and the protective cover, where the protection Water supply Water supply Cold (EWS A) (EWS A) the hose to with thread. PRODUCT DESCRIPTION the Water hose Water the IPX4
ACCESSORIES hose To the to the CONTROL PANEL PROGRAMME KNOB Turn this to To the the of the the of the hose To the hose the of To the protection cover to the of the Prewash
DISPLAY C The shows: The the the shows the The of the C The The appear the when the related function The If the malfunction, the shows to 'Troubleshooting' chapter. It when the completed. START BUTTON Press this to EASY IRON BUTTON Press this to the creases the this the the of the phase and Automatically, the to this function to the easily and EXTRA RINSE BUTTON Press this to phases to this function to and where the RINSE HOLD BUTTON Press this to the function. this function to creases. The the when the completed. To the to At the of the PREWASH BUTTON Press this to prewash phase C the that this function when with high of The of this function increases the SPIN BUTTON Press this to: Decrease the of the phase when The shows only the with the Deactivate the phase. DELAY START BUTTON Press this to the of from hour to hours. Press this and to the The flashes the of the while the of the off. the the of the the of the the light off while the of the functions Press of the buttons or the to the light The phase off.
PROGRAMMES C C C C C Sport C C C of and of White with heavy This the phase of to the White and coloured with White and coloured with or light White and coloured with light Synthetic or items with of Synthetic or items with or light of It to or items. this and the easy tion to the synthetic or items with light of or once. as items with or light phase the phase the phase the phase the phase phase phase phase phases
C Cold C C C White and coloured with light phase washed To the that operates or to the STANDARD PROGRAMME the CONSUMPTION VALUES White C C Synthetics C Synthetics C C Wool C C to the the The information shown this chart It the and the type of the of the and the the The C and C the of and of and with hand with of synthetic, or items with light of or once. White and coloured with of phase phase phase phase the phase the with phase the Drainage of the phase the normally They to clean normally and they the of phases Water
and that type of They with EN60456. HINTS AND TIPS THE LAUNDRY LOAD the white, coloured, synthetics, and the instructions that the together white and coloured items. coloured items with the first that them the first pillowcases, and Empty the and the items. Turn multilayered and items with painted with heavy with the the or the or the without or with to items. with the phase. If this manually the items the and the phase STUBBORN STAINS and that these the items the ance. the that to the type of and Water T.H. The from the DETERGENTS AND ADDITIVES and additives cially of To the than the of the instructions that the of these products. the products the type and of the the and the of If the prewash phase. If the with the the with WATER HARDNESS If the high or that where the to To know the authority. the instructions that the of the products. the ness: (TH). each tional the of Water
BEFORE FIRST USE To the of the of the DAILY USE the the to the the the the of and additives. and the the type of and LOADING THE LAUNDRY the the the item the items them the to too the that the and the There of or to the the FILLING THE DETERGENT AND ADDITIVES only specified T.H. Water of the of the and the highest without This from the and the The the prewash phase or the the prewash and the of the The the phase. If mediately the additives starch). the the the the instructions that the of the the the it
the from its (A). it the the of the the phase. the or thick than the of the the prewash phase. the function, Measure the and the the SETTING AND STARTING PROGRAMME Turn the and the The off. the the the of the function Press the to the the CANCEL PROGRAMME Turn the to to the and to the Turn the to the The the CHANGE FUNCTION You the and function they Press the related to the SET THE DELAY START Press the and the shows the hours. Press the the the countdown of the The flashes the and the off. the countdown completed, the and the You or the of the when the the countdown. CANCEL THE DELAY START Press the and the shows The and the OPEN THE DOOR While operates, the locked. To the Turn the to to the to the the the
If the and of the the too high, the To the the and that the AT THE END OF THE PROGRAMME The automatically. The shows the Turn the to to the the from the that the empty. the to and the The completed, there the The function or that with the The and the ton flashes. CARE AND CLEANING Warning! the from the supply EXTERNAL CLEANING Clean the only with and the or products. DESCALING The If it becomes necessary, to the instructions that the of the this from the MAINTENANCE WASH With the that the To this: You the to the To the If necessary, the Press the The the and the completed: The shows the You the Turn the to to the STAND BY the of the the the The the when the The brightness of the off. The shows the off. Press of the buttons to the Empty the from the the of with each the while to and to DRUM the to and products to from the To this: Clean the with the with tity of DOOR SEAL the and from the
DETERGENT DISPENSER To clean the Press the and the the top of the Clean the with Clean the with back the the recess. DRAIN PUMP the and that clean. Clean the The the The turn. The of the of the Warning! the from the the while the operates. the the the The the the below the of the to the that flows
Unscrew the to the flow the of screw the and the and and flows from the Unscrew the and and from the that the of the turn. If this the service Clean the the and back the that correctly the to the CLEAN THE INLET VALVE FILTER It to the when: The with The with the Warning! the from the To the the the hose the ance. Clean the the with or towel.
the that the couplings tight to the EMERGENCY DRAIN of malfunction, the the If this through of 'To the If necessary, clean the the with the the of the of the TROUBLESHOOTING The of the or operation. First to to the to the If the service With the shows E:00 The or closed correctly or with The The the The the firmly. You the ton The ted the the to the FROST PRECAUTIONS If the where the than C, the from the hose and the the from the the the hose the of the hose and the of the Empty the to the the empty, the hose Warning! that the than C the The caused E:01 The continuously and the or or the phase. E:02 Technical malfunction, the service E:03 Technical malfunction, the service Warning! Deactivate the the the the Press the
The the The It with the The with The hose aged. The the hose The or there The of the hose correct. The too authority. The the The of the The of the hose correct. without the phase The function the The phase The of the with the There the from the The hose aged. You the There the the or the The You the and/or the The the The closed. the The hose aged. The phase off. the from the couplings of the hoses. The operation. Incorrect of the ance. Turn the the To immediately the the that the hose Clean the to and clean- Clean the that the rect. that the hose Clean the of the to and cleaning'. that the rect. the Clean the of the to and cleaning'. manually the items the and the phase that the couplings tight. that the tight. that the hose the the of the to the and/or the to 'Installation'.
The with and diately. The satisfactory. You the born the Incorrect that the Too Decrease the the the The from the of If the the service SERVICE to the information with this and of The information to to the service the rating INSTALLATION UNPACKING the With the and with the to the cover (A). The of the hose too The or correct. that the hose the to Increase the or products to the that write the information Product (S.N.) the
the internal the and the items from the the front the the the with the to the hoses. the protection from the the cover (A), from the top of the to the of the the and the of the permanently the to the of the ance with the that the the tion. the four with the spacers. the supply and the hose from the hose
the the You these the user Warning! the and the the that the and the when the POSITIONING AND LEVELLING the that the below the that the the or other or the feet to the of the ance the and the of the when operation. The and or below the to the THE INLET HOSE the hose to the the to the the hose to the with thread. that there from the couplings. hose the hose too the the of the WATER DRAINAGE There to the
With the hose On the of that the when the the to the or the To with to the Directly height of than and than The of the hose ted the of the than the of the Without the hose To to the the hose the and with that the hose to that the from the Directly to built-in the and with
www.electrolux.com/shop 155219270-A-352011