EWN EWN
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
information..............................5 Product hints..................................22 International information and cleaning Something Techical Customer service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Information the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or pillow as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply clean and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the the supply If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the installation. information
information If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the user that and and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This or infirm without Young should to that they with the The to children of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that children or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and The New allows of and reduces Prewash
reduction Confirm buttons
First that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the 95C, without the to from the and the switching the the first turning the the which the the to appear. the switched the appear this If the showing the switched once. such the the and seconds to the Option buttons the the Press the to choice. the chosen the the to the first and when to and from daylight The clock to the It to updated as the END With short/single of the Option buttons, the With of the buttons, the Press the to the This of that allows to the factory as switch the turning the the Option buttons to the the buttons through the options when the Press to the Option to the and to choice. the sound The sound to the of the sound the Option buttons, choose from to sound; Press to choice. the brightness The Brightness allows to the backlight intensity of the the Option buttons, increase or the brightness.
You choose from to Press to choice. the The allows to the characteristic of the the Option buttons, increase or the You choose from to Press to choice. The function allows to the factory Press to this function. Press to choice. to This function allows to to the options the option the Option Press to choice. Acoustic The of acoustic which sounds the following when the switched pressing the the of the the of operating If the acoustic the of operating please to the chapter the sound Child lock: of CHILD SAFETY LOCK, which to the with the without the that might or to the this option the and selected the This function when the Child option: the Option buttons to the options the or the Child option the to this option. The from to On and the following appears the Press and together seconds to or the the
If the with child the shows the locked, to At the of the to and buttons seconds the the to the the the outwards. the the item them as as the the and the the the amount of required, the and, to with the prewash the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the Turn the to the the switched heard, the the appears the and, seconds, of the selected shown of the selected the the the the following information: selected option of
with Synthetics and The light flashing. The following Synthetics Synthetics Handwash Wool Shirts and The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. Attention! If turn the to another when the the appear the following Please the The the selected The DISPLAY of functions and them with each other only and buttons). This easy thanks to the interactive Interactive that the to each This that only those that You to the the information and the option The shows the following information: Duration of the selected selecting the of the and the extimated of displayed hours and
The the of the recommended each type of the started, the the the of the the shows which phase of the On the the of the selected type of the phase, the of the and the of the the phase the shows animated that the of the The selected to hours appears the right of the to the that lighted-on. The every the of operating displayed, Please that the and then (please Something
of the finished the and Finished appear alternatively. The lighted-on to inform that the finished and the If the finished, the of the switches off and the the light flashing to that the to switched off. buttons the from the and another or off the Option buttons the combined. These selected choosing the and the Select the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to from the the 95C white 60C coloured and synthetics, 40C and to handwashed, 30C while to Select the or or Night or option Press the repeatedly to the to from the the Wool and Handwash: Synthetics, Shirts and and
option the phases and increases the of synthetics, and selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the shows the of the selected and the Finished while the right of the the and the appear. The sounds the light off and the to that the To the the or reduce the of the the of the the shown the and the Unlocked The Night selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and selectionned or with On synthetics, and the with the finished the shows the of the selected below the of the selected and the Finished while the right of the the and the appear. The light off and the to that the To the please the previous option Select the options the selected only options and shown the selection phase. Not the options themselves. The option The options selected the and the the Option buttons, the options or through the options. The using the the selected option highlighted The appear the right of the and below the of the option or On).
Press the to and choice, to the selected option. Once completed the selection of the options, or buttons or seconds to the the The selected shown the Prewash this option to prewashed the 30,Wool, Handwash, Shirts, and The Prewash with and synthetic whereas the the only selecting this option the washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the and synthetics. This function and synthetic If this option selected the reduce to this option selected with the Wool, Handwash, Shirts, and The This option recommended people who to and where the this option to the of the hours and then hour hours. The selected indicated the The increase to the selected You this option the and the If to the the to the the the and You the the Selecting the or
through the options Press to this option (the to flash). or increase or the Press to Press or to the to the Press the to the The the selected expired. the to the or through the options Press to this option (the to flash). the to the Press to Press or to the to the to immediately the that 60C, with Prewash and There memory this the of the The selected the as other of the the and options the Option buttons to the options the or the option and OK selected
or the of which the to the selected On the appears the highlighted or the the To the the from the If the memory previously selected, the ther already used. Press OK to overwrite Press and to then OK to the The overwrite them with another this of that allow to the and options to the that informations to the and the customer). Selecting the the Option to the options the or the option the to the the or through the following Option and the to the selected and the or the of the selected
to the informations of another to the selecting the and the from the pressing or the to the Select the option This function allows to the the the buttons repeatedly, the of the increased or decreased. The option selected with The the to which type of chosen. of heavy items Normal items items Light slightly items slightly items synthetic and Once the the option The of these to the type of as shown the chart. items or
95C 60/50C 40C 30C (cold) Synthetics 60/50C 40C 30C (cold) 40C 30C (cold) the To the selected the the light flashing. On the appear the and alternatively the and the phase of the selected to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light to and the and the phase of the selected appears the to that the To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. option or It to the options the of and buttons the them the the Turn the to O and then to the the to the The the the the the to which the light to flash. the to the
Turn the to O and then the selected Press the to the which the to the the the First the to the The appear the If the and the Finished appear the the If the and the appear the this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to about the to the and At the of the The automatically. If the or Night options selected, the light off, the of the selected and the Finished appear the and the to that the the To the please the the option Turn the to O to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
hints hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and bearing the (Cold) the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and
based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the hints
hints Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic French T.H.
International These appear to choose the to 95C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble International 60C 40C 30C cleaning and high
of of White and coloured sheets, tablecloths, household shirts, Synthetic or coloured shirts, Synthetics White and coloured lightly-normally items, shirts, Synthetic or coloured shirts, Synthetics the which and switching the off. Synthetics and Reduction Reduction Reduction Reduction Reduction from 90C to (cold) from 60C to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short from 90C to 40C from 60C to 40C Short
of of washed items. emptying the with the or Night option. Reduction and synthetics, and To which lightly or which freshening Specially tested the Wool items to washed and Wool and Handwash Reduction Reduction and 30C Reduction Short Reduction Reduction Reduction of from to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short 30C Short
information of of Reduction/ lightly Shirts items such as or such as and which should washed as Complete coloured items as shirts, t-shirts, and Shirts Reduction Reduction Reduction Reduction 30C Short 40C Short from 40C to 30C Short Prewash 30C from 40C to (Cold) Short 40C
information Wool and Handwash Cancelling/OFF This selected slightly or normally and synthetic items. The and the This allows to efficiency as as and with the and synthetics items. 30C. The reduced to With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced the emptying the of the with the and Night option. Turn first the to then and the washed and with and Night option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to washed It to synthetic, items. To and to switch off the the to selected. information
and cleaning and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to clean the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the
Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the the operating, necessary, the cooled the the with or with the that the containing the instruction (or the the the with to the to the emptying from the cover, using when the cover, and the and cleaning
and cleaning to of when the cover. from the rotating the the to properly. screw the emptying the cover and the Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and children to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged.
It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the using Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should the from the off the the with to the to from the emptying the of the hose the and screw the hose back and the emptying the cover. when to the that the 0C. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the screwdriver; with to the to the emptying from the cover. The should the the the back cover. Empty the the flowing the as previously the the and screw as the emptying the cover and the and cleaning
Something Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. that that light flashes, of the following appear the and the sounds to that the with the supply: Please that the and then with the Please that the and then Please that the closed properly and then Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The The then immediately: The closed. (Please that the closed properly and then The properly the There the The The correctly and the depressed. The selected. The of the hose too the the the Please installation. the Please the and the If the to immediately, the to section.
Malfunction The The closed. Please that the and then The and/or The The the The hose or Please that the and then The the hose Please that the and then The properly closed. (Please that the closed properly and then The hose or the Please that the and then The clogged. the Please that the and then The option or selected. The option selected. The distributed the The released. There the based without affecting performance. and the the hose Clean the hose the the hose Clean the Select the or Select the Redistribute the the of the and the Select or to the
something Malfunction There the Too or too used. Unsatisfactory The or whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The the emptying hose cleaning the Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The and The The distributed the there the the or another the hose with the back the emptying and the back its seat. Increase the or another products to the selected the the the of the the of the Redistribute the
Malfunction The or the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the something Redistribute the
technical Technical Information the the rating the of the Water supply (EWN S) Height Synthetics Handwash
Synthetics Synthetics Wool The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Water The 60C the reference the the with EEC the of the please to the the
Unpacking and the You to that they the to removing the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With and the Unscrew and the and the C. the and the C and the
the porthole, the hose from the and the with the the the and the with the the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate the MUST and with If necessary, the with and of the operation. or the to the Water hose and found the the hose from to to the supply the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of the hose correctly the positioning the to the to
the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of should with authority and building The connected to supply. of operation of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the Water This to permanently plumbed home's using of the following Firstly the of the hose using the U supplied. the hose which should internal of there the hose and that the top of the than and than
The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If hose this below) the U the hose the outlet If the outlet that the hose the and with the hose to from the the the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting.
Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the and dishwashers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority. to this should or This earthed. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating Information the the rating the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and ....................-Earth Brown......................................-
The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! off serious (shock) that the off of Should the supply to replaced, this Service Force The supply easily the the of that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then Measure to the the of and the of washed.
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the city supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The viced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United service Appliances found to within tho- which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the wing and Clear of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please purchase or service
service Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded This each of the countries the back of this the the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Customer Service Should further please Customer Service M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S4, RO Industriestrasse CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.com
ANC