LAVAMAT TURBO VIT The washer-dryer Instruction PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION
customer, Please these operating instructions and to the indicated the first that this instruction reference and to owners. The and/or the (Warning!, information that or functioning of the This the operation of the The information with this tions and the of the and information about and of the with the Should this instructions to them yourself; section Something If this information please SERVICE CENTRE and telephone indicated the Printed People who think accordingly
instructions protection of washer-dryer of the ON/OFF Mains-on light START/PAUSE DELAY START DRYING TIME Option SPIN SPEED. RINSE HOLD PREWASH STAIN. QUICK EXTRA RINSE. which the the started. the first the Sorting and the of of and and additives Which and Information
the Drying Duration of the Additional to the and additive. Switching the Selection of the Selection of the SPIN SPEED or RINSE HOLD option Selection of the STAIN, PREWASH or QUICK WASH option. Selection of the EXTRA RINSE option. Selection of the DELAY START option. Starting the At the of the to Drying only. and (NON-STOP charts: and chart: Cleaning and each cleaning Water Emergency emptying Something Troubleshooting. Unsatisfactory
Technical Service Instructions and instructions the of the and Rear Positioning Water Water Building-in
instructions The of AEG/ELECTROLUX with the industry and with the of as to the lowing Repairs to the only Repairs inexperienced serious AEG/ELECTROLUX Service Force the the supply or the that reached. the carrying cleaning or operations. the supply to the from the of the the with of of shock! high and the the the cool carrying emptying or the emergency. wires and hoses causing and to Follow the instructions positioning and Carry first without (COTTONS with the amount of to from the and the Should the purchased when below the hours
Child Children often of the children should and allowed to with the there that they become The to of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that or the the to scrapped, off the supply and the with the the catch to children from becoming while This only. If the other or correctly, the responsibility that might reasons, the only and follow the instructions. which with should washed. cleaning. and bleaching specifically the of these products. the and off the instructions
The with the >PE< >PS< >PP< This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the protection To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected the when normally The both and washed, only to thirds of the amount of The the With and the then
If the or high of from II, and additives) The amount of then to of washer-dryer and the selector. option effectively treating SOAK heavy items. The 30C. the DELAY START the prolonged to hours This with The with the selecting the the the 60E normally items. the reduced to or RINSE HOLD the the to creasing. to hours to with showing the selected and the phase which of its action, the washes with The to and and Unbalance to
of the
Mains-on light ON/OFF C Option Drying START/PAUSE The the type of of the and the to selected to the type of The Synthetics (hand to The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. of the
of the 60E to the ENERGY SAVING The with QUICK Cold ON/OFF Press this to switch the Press to switch the off. Mains-on light This light when the ON/OFF pressed, and when START/PAUSE This selected the this to the The light flashing and If selected the DELAY START option the its hourly countdown. To which the START/PAUSE the information the and the START/PAUSE light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the START/PAUSE DELAY START The from and then hour hour to of hours. The selecting the and the START/PAUSE button. The indicating the appear about seconds the The of the selected then displayed. the START/PAUSE the its hourly countdown.
To the the START/PAUSE then the DELAY START the displayed. Then the START/PAUSE to the DRYING TIME If to of the the appears the to the or easy to COTTON and EASY CARES from to and the seconds, then the of the appear. WASHING DRYING the played seconds, then the of the appear. Option buttons the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the START/PAUSE these pressed, the lights they the lights incorrect option selected, the light flashes conds, the the appears and acoustic heard. SPIN SPEED Press this to reduce the of the the the selected The synthetics and and (G) of the
of the RINSE HOLD selecting this option, the to the from creasing. the finished, the RINSE HOLD andEND lights the the START/PAUSE light off and the to that the To the DRAIN (D) to the without the SPIN (F) and the SPIN SPEED and the START/PAUSE Warning! The turned first to RESET and then to the DRAIN (D) or SPIN (F) The RINSE HOLD option selected the WASHING DRYING PREWASH The prewash 30C The prewash with and Synthetics, and with tying of the Delicates. This option with the and with STAIN when heavily STAIN To heavily or with with action phase, or with than 40C). This function with PREWASH QUICK this the reduced. when lightly This option with the and (60E).
EXTRA RINSE Selecting this the and synthetics and This option selected with the Wool and and This option recommended people who to and where the EXTRA RINSE and START PAUSE the acoustic when selecting the of incorrect option selection and the of the The shows the following information: the the RESET three flashing appear immediately the ON/OFF to that the to instructions the Duration of the selected hours and the of the recommended each type of Selected and synthetic). the started, the every the finished, displayed. hours the The countdown hour and the hours. Incorrect option selection. If option which with the selected, the displayed and acoustic heard. the operation selecting the the lights to the phases the the started, the phase light the finished, the END light of the
of the To which the to the RESET Warning! which with the (RINSE HOLD option), the first to RESET and then to the DRAIN (D) or SPIN (F) which To option, first the to PAUSE the START/PAUSE button. option the select- the option the START/PAUSE to the selected To the selected the to RESET and then choose the START/PAUSE the with the selected and the the the You the the to PAUSE, the following the the heating or phase 55C; the of the high; the If these when the the Should to the and should to switch the off the ON/OFF approximately the to the and of the the the and the ON/OFF and START/PAUSE buttons the the from the where interrupted.
Compartment prewash or and The prewash the of the the the STAIN-Action phase the the Compartment or It the of the Compartment additives starch). It the The of additives the MAX the the first first that 90C, without the to from the and of the and the of the
the Sorting and the Sort the to type of and of and Empty To the from and to pillowcases and covers and such as those of Turn faced items Turn coloured and with and items tights) or closed with or Treat with or or them or responsibility Whites and coloureds washed white items their whiteness. New coloured often to them the first and items together; this the and the distributed them the each separately.
of Bathrobes Work covers Tea Shirts Pillowcases Night-gowns/Pyjamas Tablecloths of and The to the The should to the type of and the instructions indicated indicated and with this high and with this and washed 60C. with these therefore the these Synthetics and synthetic with these and they therefore washed the Sort of the
the synthetics or with these treatment. The DELICATES this type of and items such as or with this ticularly to The WOOLLENS this type of If the the the washed!
and additives Which and only and additives Follow the instructions. The the the indications the amount of loads, about third than the amount and the amount loads; the of amount of lightly the amount to the instructions and of the the the the the required. Instructions to the directly the of the immediately the or that directly the the to the instructions. when medium-high of (from of II). Follow the instructions. The of then to of Information from authority. Information of French TH I=Soft III=Hard than than the
the the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the and Synthetics Warning: Loads of these otherwise obtained. Particularly items such as synthetic and with such as and with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the formation of Sort of
Drying the to whether The following to usually Normal (reduced Duration of the The to the the of the type of the of The indicated the chart. become with the the that to the type of It to of these such as towels, to the to that that the completely and to each the should and cleaned. the
the Additional Should the too the of the another Warning! To the formation of creases or of
to the the the the item as as the and the the If to or STAIN- Action or the STAIN-Action STAIN the without exceeding the MAX the Switching the To switch the the ON/OFF ton: the the RESET three flashing played. If the the of the previous the flashing
to Selection of the Turn the to the the lights to the phases the selected light Selection of the SPIN SPEED or RINSE HOLD option To the the SPIN SPEED the light selecting RINSE HOLD the of the to creasing the Selection of the STAIN PREWASH or QUICK WASH option the of of the and the type of The light Selection of the EXTRA RINSE option The light Selection of the DELAY START option To of the DELAY START the The to the select- displayed about seconds, which the of the selected appear the the START/PAUSE pressed, the selected appear the and the its countdown.
Starting the that the Press START/PAUSE to the If the option selected the the of the countdown. At the of the the END light seconds, the acoustic sounds and the appears E40, that that the the and the START/PAUSE If the option selected the its countdown, hours, which appear the this to other or the other the START/PAUSE the the the and the START/PAUSE the the START/PAUSE Press the DELAY START the appears to Press the START/ PAUSE to the selecting the the lights to the phases the the started, the phase light The to the of the and appears the to
to At the of the The automatically. appears the The END light the the START/PAUSE light off. Turn the to RESET (H) If the RINSE HOLD option selected the END and the RINSE HOLD lights the to that the the To the DRAIN to the without the SPIN the SPIN SPEED and the START/PAUSE Warning! The turned first to RESET and then to the DRAIN or SPIN At the of the the to RESET and the switched off the ON/OFF ton. the from the that the as to items or their of whites. the the to the formation of and How to Drying Warning! the loads: and synthetics. The and the hose the or connected to the
the ON/OFF to switch the Select the or synthetics). the DRYING TIME the appears the Press the START/PAUSE to the At the of the the to RESET and the ON/OFF to switch the off. the and (NON-STOP Warning! NON-STOP to the of and synthetics. the and additive. the of the withstand the high the directly the Switch the the ON/OFF Select the Select eventually the options of the buttons. If than that the to too and it to than and synthetics. Select the the the START/PAUSE At the of the turn the to RESET and the ON/OFF to switch the off. the
chart White 60E Whites ECONOMY Coloured Synthetics Wool/ COLD ECONOMY Select the 60E when normally whites. The phase slightly with EC the indicated the to the 60E with of The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the high- each and to of Additional functions and sheets, household towels. STAIN QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED STAIN PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED and normally to lightly and household STAIN QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED Coloured or shirts, towels. Synthetic coloured shirts, STAIN QUICK PREWASH STAIN QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE Wool, and to handwashed. RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED Water Duration
chart of Heavily This washed to starched or C emptying the with the option. Lightly the which The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the Additional functions phases 30C. with To empty: the to (H) and the the (D). EXTRA RINSE with additive. RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD with SPIN SPEED The SPIN SPEED 30C Short RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED Water Duration
chart Drying of towelling items to without Iron The STORE DRY the reference the with EEC of and (bathrobes, towels, and (towels, T-shirts, bathrobes) Synthetics and household and (sheets, tablecloths, shirts, Synthetics and (shirts, household Drying
The shown the chart obtained laboratory tests. They when the they as of Iron Synthetics Synthetics Iron Water Duration
Cleaning and each At the of the the to the to allow to If the prolonged the and the cleaning Clean the of the with and only. with and or products to the while, and the Clean the from to To the from the the the corner. To cleaning, the top of the the recess: with tooth- the cleaning.
to there or the the and them. The collects threads and the that the clean. the and of the the Clean the then screwing Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the To this, the ton the Clean the with Screw the hose back the Cleaning and
Cleaning and Emergency emptying If the or hose clogged), as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled; the the hose the and the Should to to the hose because, the built the slightly the the to the slowly. At the screw the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the hose and the hose the the DRAIN and the Turn the to RESET Press the ON/OFF to switch the off. the from the Screw the hose back and the hose back its this, the and to the the that the 0C.
Something If the the whistling from the tional this to type of If the this to the of that than Troubleshooting If to following the instructions below. If when of the following or to to incorrect the call-out within the acoustic sound and the following displayed: E10: with the supply E20: with E40: Once the the START/PAUSE to the If the AEG/ELECTROLUX Service Force The The ON/OFF the depressed. The the The properly the the (E40) of the should heard. The connected. the The START Press the pressed. The DELAY START the selected option selected. the
Something The The then immediately The and/or There the The (E10) the The hose the whole of the or (E10) hose and the The of the Clean the hose (E10) The properly the closed (E40) The of the hose the hose the right too height section). The hose the whole of or (E20) the hose and the The or the the or hose (E20) the The RINSE HOLD option Empty the with the START selected. or selecting the PUMP OUT The Redistribute the distributed the manually the Too used. to the instructions. that too One of the that the hose the hose screwed both The screw the properly screwed cleaning.
The or The The that the as the section. The the There Correct operation of the the affected. The the of the the The the the of the the The heating the the of the or the clothes. heating or phase. Something
Something or the The or the enough The If the that distributed the the of the the this and to redistribute of when the distributed the the distributed. If, about the the Therefore, the the of the to redistribute manually the and to the The the (E10) The Clean the (E20) The Select the selected. Select the chosen. the of to the type of or synthetics). There too the the
Unsatisfactory If the and found the Too used. used. Stubborn treated to The correctly selected. If the with ointments, grease or with amount of The selected the too the type with the these immediately and the often the How- the completely rinsed. White the This to and therefore the of or the to turn them. the choice of Something
Technical Height with Height Water This with the following EC 73/23/EEC of including EEC 89/336/EEC of Directive.
Service the section Something that listed. this section the of If to the Service and telephone the to bleshooting: the to whether service necessary. of the and the indicated the rating Furthermore, to specify, as precisely as The of the the service the when should to the yourself, with the of the troubleshooting chart section Something when the to because the information and to Repeated to the Service as
Instructions and instructions the This should when the that If and the the Serious caused to the or the protective completely to the to this to this plumber. the that its supply If the that freely the and the The should with authority and build- regulations Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Force
of the and Rear
and the ance. the and the right-hand and the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the the and off the bot- the screw. the right thene the tion the and thene the the screws with the the tic and the previously screw.
the upright and the from the back. the three spacers from the which the fitted. the with the with the instruction You to that they the to Positioning the that around the impeded apply coating. to the of or the If to positioning the to or coal-burning covered with the facing the or the The where the below The hose and the hose Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. screwing the or or the to the
Water the hose to with thread. The other of the hose which to the turned tion. the the hose and the there The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose cially this type of WATER STOP The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the A. Should this turn the off and to Service to the Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground.
This to V, single-phase, supply. that installation the account other the to earthed The responsibility or through to comply with the the of necessary that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth This
This to built the The should the shown A. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the counter- with the ance, the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base. To mount the to the of the The the fixing The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B).
Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thick- of the To the perfectly to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To of this to screw the the of the Its to the the D). If the to from to right, invert the of the the and the plate and E). Mount the and the as Attention! the the supply easily
D-90327 Copyright to without From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the