PM Black GB INSTRUCTION BOOKLET WASHING MACHINE FJD FJD FJD FJD
PM Black Information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the These the of You MUST them or the This should when It to the specifications or to this and Serious to the and to property this to. section instructions. to this should or to this should or to that the the supply If the please the to allow to freely. Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and known to Please The becomes the from the of the whilst operation. from of reach. the and off the supply the section the instruction which to washed. If the the clothes. that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. such as screws, or other and the which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the items such as or as such items to the and the the of to the to the of and should washed of their please with the of the item the porthole slightly washes to the should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
PM Black the Information New of the Appliance light Child The Turning the acoustic off the Measure the Measure the Switch the Select the Select the the or the NIGHT WASH option the options Select the SUPER RINSE or AA40 option Select the DELAY START the to its to its to the the of of Which which and Cleaning each cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the The of The following found the text to throughout the instructions: Something Not Service and Conditions the Instructions Technical Specifications Unpacking Positioning Water Water the of the to the Instruction instructions and information
PM Black New with the JET SYSTEM, effective treatment of with and economically the amount of to the and type of cooling of the to 60C with the 90C This reduces thermal shock to to creasing. The with its with The that the when hints To and and the that follow these hints: Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed. with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the distributed the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the manually and information the section headed Something the of the with the with Council or Health Office to there this the to scrapped, off the supply and the to children from to country authorised to the
PM Black of the Appliance locked light light It the whole indicating that the locked. the light the Prewash Child This incorporates child to from trapped the To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
PM Black The ON/OFF Press this to switch the The three or You DISPLAY). Press the ON/OFF to switch the off. MAINS-ON light This light to the ON/OFF It lights when the button, and when FABRIC Press this repeatedly to the the of the type of to washed. The light to the selected light The and the the chosen. You these operating and this of clothing whose that they hand- washed TEMPERATURE Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed from the the The light light 90C 60C synthetic 40C and to hand-washed (HAND WASH IMPORTANT! the TEMPERATURE and SPIN SPEED the acoustic deactivated the of the when selecting the and of incorrect option selection these buttons the acoustic reactivated. SPIN SPEED Press this repeatedly to the to from the the The light light or the synthetic and to hand- washed: NIGHT WASH when choose this option, the the of the as to the phases this and or with On and synthetic the with At the of the the light to the option NIGHT WASH and the START/PAUSE light flash, to that the appear the To the choose of the following
PM Black and Press the START/PAUSE The the then the the the selected Select of and the START/PAUSE Press the SKIP/RESET once as to the DRAIN light to light then the START/PAUSE If the the hours. If the SKIP/RESET than once, the three To the to the of the FABRIC then SKIP/RESET three to the DRAIN the DRAIN light WASH CHOICE Press this to the following PREWASH this option to prewashed the and The prewash with and synthetic whereas the the OUTDOOR SPORTS this option to of about 30C to the DELAY START the prolonged to hours this the This fonction and The with and synthetic whereas the the only QUICK this option that slightly WOOL and HAND WASH The reduced to the type of and the selected The PREWASH, the OUTDOOR SPORTS and the QUICK options selected together. OPTIONS Press this to the following SUPER RINSE this option selected with the and The instead of This option recommended people who to and where the AA this option selected and synthetics lightly or normally with of 40C or higher. If 40C together with option AA the the 40C the phase. On this allow and performance to achieved. If 90C and the AA the reduced from 90C to 60C. If 60C or 50C and the AA the reduced to 40C. both the prolonged. The SUPER RINSE and the AA options selected together of the The following of information shown the Three when of the SKIP/RESET The three appear when the ON/OFF to switch the the previously selected Duration of hours and selected While the the START/PAUSE the displayed every
PM Black The with the the of with the NIGHT WASH option: this indicated The completed the this indicated At the the light The reappear when switch the the of the SKIP RESET The first the when switch and warning This to the fact that the the inspection tests, and this its indicated hours and selected of the The displayed seconds, then the of the selected reappears. the START/PAUSE the countdown and the every You the of the selected to hours hour incorrect option selection this indicated the when function incompatible with the selected. The incorrect selection indicated warning the the chapter START/PAUSE This three selected the and this to the The light the flashing and If selected of the countdown and shown the when this the interrupted. The light the flashing. To the the PAUSE the the DOOR LOCKED light and becomes to the the the heating phase; the of the high; the You the to PAUSE the of and the of with the NIGHT WASH option. SKIP/RESET This Clears the memory Selects At the of the RESET once or repeatedly to clear the memory. This confirmed three flashing the If the previous cleared, the flashing and sound, when switch the Selecting selected the (START pressed)
PM Black The SKIP then to or the to the phase. The SKIP only when the consists of the following phases, and confirmed the of the To the the SKIP once, the LED To only, the the SKIP The To the the SKIP three the DELAY This to the of the to hours. The selected shown the about seconds; the of the reappears. If the OUTDOOR SPORTS the selected to the If selected the about You this option the and the START/PAUSE The shown the every hour. You the the START/PAUSE If already the START/PAUSE and to or the as follows: the to PAUSE the START/PAUSE button; the DELAY the shows the or the DELAY once, to the The the START/PAUSE The throughout the (DOOR LOCKED light If to the first the to PAUSE the START/PAUSE closed the the START/PAUSE phase lights the lights to the phases that the light the the light to the phase that currently
PM Black the first that 60C, without the to from the and of the and the the the the the item them as as the 2.Measure the the Measure the amount of and the If to the prewash or (OUTDOOR SPORTS), the the If the without the MAX the gently. Switch the Press the ON/OFF to switch the The three or The light the light Select the Press the FABRIC repeatedly, to the The light light The lights to the phases that the light The the of the selected the of the each type of The START/PAUSE button light flashing. If the of to the of the the the to the The the
PM Black Select the Press the TEMPERATURE to from the the The light light the or the NIGHT WASH option Press the SPIN SPEED repeatedly, to the or the NIGHT WASH option. The light light If the NIGHT WASH option, the the of the with the the Select the options If dirty, to the PREWASH option. If the to the OUTDOOR SPORTS option. If slightly the QUICK option. the SUPER RINSE or AA40 option If the to the SUPER RINSE option. If lightly or normally and to the the AA40 option. The light Select the DELAY START the the to the DELAY START repeatedly, or pressed, to the The selected to appear the seconds, then the of the appear If the OUTDOOR SPORTS option the selected to the this the seconds the (including the phase). the Press the START/PAUSE The light flashing, the DOOR LOCKED light light and the light to the phase that If chosen the the countdown. The the of the or the selected
PM Black to its change, the the START/PAUSE It to phase the the type of or only the phase. these the the from the If to the to the as follows: PAUSE the the START/PAUSE button; the SKIP/RESET repeatedly, the DRAIN light the START/PAUSE the the shows You and the START/PAUSE to to its To that first the the START/PAUSE then the SKIP/RESET repeatedly, the shows three to the the of You the the to PAUSE, the following the the heating phase 55C; the of the high; the If these when the the DOOR LOCKED light and the Should to the and should absolutely necessary to switch the off the ON/OFF the to the and of the the the and the ON/OFF the the from the where interrupted. of At the of the the automatically, and displays If selected the NIGHT WASH option, the START/PAUSE light flashes to that the The shows steadily the completed, appears the and the The DOOR LOCKED light once. Press the SKIP/RESET repeatedly to the that If to this, the switch the the appear the and hear the when switch the the to the FABRIC and Press the ON/OFF to switch the off. The light the from the whether the completely empty, rotating with hand. The of this to items of from the where they might or another of to the supply and the from the the to the
PM Black NOT the the the first the The of the items below as Tablecloth Tea Towelling Towelling bath Bath Apron the items with ones. Sort the to the type of and or torn items as they of which screws as these the the and and buttons. It to coloured items when the first together, the lowest White items should washed with coloured items. items ribbons, should washed or the of Bleach should with and of reach of such as to and should treated with products, which found household shops. to the with or New Wool washed the the other of should or cleaned. If the to or only there the To with the and and without to that from the Once finished the to and off the JETSYSTEM the and to to recommandations as to the amount of that should Therefore that approximately than the the or bottle, the allowances or and light or heavy of clothes. If the amount correctly should to the It to head of lather the
PM Black Which To the from to the right and recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to cleaning and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which Fairy. cleaning and COLOUREDS coloured items should which to while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and other LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and coloureds. which Not there of they forms. Whether chose or or choice. TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the measured the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce synthetics and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce sheets the to of and the
PM Black to clothes with the The with the of The easy to the WASHING SYMBOL BLEACHING IRONING DRY CLEANING TUMBLE DRYING Notes the and additives. Once the gently. This WASH ACTION FABRIC Normal Normal Reduced Normal Reduced Reduced Chlorine bleach Cool cleaned. Other and/or beneath the the to the cleaner. with high heat with heat through DO NOT to the the prematurely. and prewash the the the the prewash finished. White or without or without Colourfast 60C. Polyester/Cotton, with Finishes, Cotton/Acrylic or Colourfast 40C 60C. Acrylics, Wool Wool, Wool Acrylic,
PM Black of and options White sheets, tablecloths, household Coloured shirts, towels, house- Synthetic and shirts, synthetic Wool The 60C the reference the the with EEC This purely as indication: the relation to the and type of the of the supply and the The to the highest each the FJD1266W of 60-90C 60-90C SPIN SPEED NIGHT WASH PREWASH OUTDOOR SPORTS QUICK SUPER RINSE AA 30C 30C SPIN SPEED NIGHT WASH PREWASH OUTDOOR SPORTS QUICK SUPER RINSE AA Synthetics 30C 30C Short SPIN SPEED NIGHT WASH PREWASH OUTDOOR SPORTS QUICK SUPER RINSE AA SPIN SPEED NIGHT WASH PREWASH OUTDOOR SPORTS QUICK SUPER RINSE 40-30C 40-30C Short SPIN SPEED NIGHT WASH Wool 40-30C 40-30C Short SPIN SPEED NIGHT WASH 40-30C Short 40-30C Water
PM Black and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of (such as cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to clean the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The the operating of the and should therefore cleaned every the the right. the to catch
PM Black If the and the to to the manually from the this To this, the hose from the or and the of the hose the The should the the the hose back and the the flowing Unscrew and the Clean the back the emptying the back its seat. the Warning the and the selected there the the the finished the and empty. the securely as to and children to The If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the Unhook the hose from the and the of this hose and that of the hoses the To this: Switch the Select Press the SKIP/RESET three Press START/PAUSE the Screw the hose and the to the that the 0C.
PM Black Something Not Working to of or oversights, which easily without Service Force please the below. IMPORTANT: to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the that of the following appears the E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the the START/PAUSE to the If the Service Force Symptom The The closed. (E10) The The then immediately The and/or Too or too There the Too or used. Unsatisfactory amount of the and to The closed. (E40) The properly the There supply the The or the the blown. The START/PAUSE depressed. The DELAY START option selected. The the hose (E10) The hose or (E10) The closed. (E40) The of the hose too The of the hose There the of the The hose or (E20) The NIGHT WASH option selected. The (E20) The hose fitted, correct. Follow the instructions connecting to the The The unbalanced: redistribute the clothes the to allow the to whether there from the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose or securely positioned. The or clogged. The Stubborn treated to The selected. Too the
PM Black Symptom The internal The when The or the The based the using without affecting performance. Service the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of The and of the (found the rating plate The purchase The with the or The and The distributed the there the The the of the The heating the The The when the light The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows: Customer High Street SL1 1DZ or to this recorded
PM Black Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with, authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which NOT If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
PM Black Instructions It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply to this should or to this should or Technical Specifications DIMENSIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED (10A) WATER PRESSURE MAXIMUM RECOMMENDED LOAD Synthetics SPIN SPEED (FJD 1266W) (FJD 1466W) (FJD S) (FJD 1666W) CONSUMPTION DATA FOR WASHING KG NORMALLY SOILED COTTON Water ITEMS AT 60C This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and modifications. Wool/Hand
PM Black and the You to the the to and the screws. the the its back, that the hoses squashed. the from the of the and release the the polythene the right and then the the right polythene the and then upwards. the base. the upright and the screw. the the with the with the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other or the to the to permanently plumbed to supply and this connected to existing with the hose The hose, with BSP thread If this with the of the existing installation, of from and plumbers merchants to to existing or plumber. to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the
PM Black Water the hose to with thread. already hoses. should comply with authority and building The connected to supply. of operation of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the the hose correctly the positioning the to the to Water This to permanently plumbed supply and The hose should the the hose the supplied. The should internal of approximately there the hose and that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose covered with The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of
PM Black If the hose to that the and the the supplied. connecting the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and with and of the operation. mounted to If the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting. Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the and dishwashers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these to the as this directly or and If further please authority.
PM Black to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1362/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth The and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. WARNING: off serious (shock) that the off of The supply easily the the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the and earth
PM Black From the Group. The choice The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the