LAVAMAT
To and performance of please this instruction It to perfectly and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the instructions information Child Product lights First the the and the Select the of the SPIN or the RINSE HOLD option option Select the STAIN option Select the SUPER QUICK option Select the START/PAUSE Select the DELAY START Select option or the the At the of the hints and Thank choosing of high-quality products. with Sorting the the Removing and additives of and cleaning each cleaning Cleaning the Emergency emptying What to Technical instructions Positioning and Water Water-stop Water hints to without
instructions information reference. The of with the industry and with the of However, as to the following It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the You MUST them or the first the incurred If If the the winter months when there hours the first It to the or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or pillow as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply cleaning and should to the yourself. inexperienced people or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that it If and the Service information
information and Serious to the and to property this to. section the user the that it the and hose and the the supply the If the please the to allow to freely the that there from hoses and their the installation. If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the their The to of suffocation! them of reach. of reach.
that or the To or becoming the the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anticlockwise the Product effective treatment of with and The ECO allows of and reduces Product
Compartment prewash phase or The prewash the of the The the tion phase the Compartment or Compartment additives starch). Follow the to and ceed the MAX the or starching additives the the Below of the It shows the as as the buttons and the lights. These the following SPIN reduction (TPM ESSORAGE) STAIN (VLEKKEN TACHES) SUPER QUICK (EXTRA KORT RAPIDE) START/PAUSE (START/PAUSE DEPART/PAUSE) DELAY START (STARTUITSTEL DEPART DIFFERE) lights the Wool Cold
lights the the WASHING (HOOFDWAS LAVAGE) light the light this that the operating. the finished, the END (EINDE FIN) light the the EXTRA RINSE (EXTRA SPOELEN RINAGE PLUS) light To please Select First that the and comply with the tions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO Then the highest without the to from the and of the and the the the the outwards. the the item them as as the You hear closing. WARNING! the the and the Measure the and the to reduce and First
the Measure the amount of required, the and, to the prewash phase or to the function, the or the the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. the of You choose the right type of following the the Turn the to the The the type of of and the to the type of The light of The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to to switch the off. If the to another when the the light of to selection. The the selected Select the SPIN or the RINSE HOLD option the selected, the that
Press the repeatedly to the to from the the The light light RINSE HOLD selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the light the light of and the light off and the to that the To the please chapter At the of the option the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the light of the the the and the options chapter Select the STAIN option Select this option to heavily or with with action phase). The light light This option with than 40C. CAUTION! If to with the option, Select the SUPER QUICK option this the light and the reduced to lightly This option items that or Select the START/PAUSE To the selected the the light flashing. The light to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. Select the DELAY START the to the the repeatedly, to the The light This to the of the and hours.
You this option the and the You the the If the already pressed: the to PAUSE the the once, the light to the selected off; the to the The selected selecting the The throughout the If to the first the to PAUSE the and then closed the the The DELAY START selected with DRAIN Select This people with to to the of Press and seconds: the light This function permanently To the buttons the light off. option or It to option the change, the the Turn the to and then to the the the The the Press the to which the light Press the to the Turn the to to which the the First the to the the If the locked, this that the already heating, that the the of the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to about the to the and
closing the to the and options and to At the of the The automatically. The light of and light off. The phase light If or option that with the selected, the relative light the phase light the to that the the To the the to the DRAIN or SPIN reduce the of the when the finished the light Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and once the finished the the of the and of COTTONS KATOEN -BLANC/COULEURS Red. White and coloured (normally items). SPIN REDUCTION RINSE HOLD STAIN SUPER QUICK EXTRA RINSE
and of COTTONS WITH PREWASH VOORWAS PRELAVAGE Prewash Red. White or coloured with prewash phase (heavily items). SYNTHETICS SYNTHETICA SYNTHETIQUES Short Red. Synthetic or coloured shirts, EASY IRON STRIJKVRIJ PLUS REPASSAGE FACILE PLUS Short Synthetic to and Selecting this the and to creasing. this Furthermore the DELICATES FIJNE WAS DLICATS Short Red. acrylics, SPIN REDUCTION RINSE HOLD STAIN SUPER QUICK EXTRA RINSE SPIN REDUCTION RINSE HOLD STAIN SUPER QUICK EXTRA RINSE SPIN REDUCTION RINSE HOLD EXTRA RINSE SPIN REDUCTION RINSE HOLD STAIN SUPER QUICK EXTRA RINSE
and of WOOL (HANDWASH) WOL PLUS LAINE PLUS Cold Short as as and or item ance. If the the phase, items, redistribute the manually and then the DELICATE RINSES KORT SPOELEN RIN. DLICATS Short With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced the DRAIN POMPEN VIDANGE of emptying the of the with the option selected, that with the Turn first the to then and SPIN CENTRIFUGEREN ESSORAGE and the washed and with the option selected, that with the selecting this the turned to You choose the pressing the to to the to SPIN REDUCTION RINSE HOLD SPIN REDUCTION RINSE HOLD EXTRA RINSE SPIN REDUCTION
hints and and of REFRESH OPFRISSEN RAFRACHIR Short This items, or and synthetic items lightly or once. COTTON ECONOMY ECO ECONOMIQUE White and coloured This selected slightly or items. The crease and the This allows to efficiency OFF the which or to switch the off option selected the of 40C or higher. If the option that reduce the as indicated. (Red. reduced however with somewhat reduced cleaning hints and Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, SPIN REDUCTION SPIN REDUCTION RINSE HOLD STAIN EXTRA RINSE
normally white and cloths, towels, or tablecloths, sheets...) Cold the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling towel, cloth, Stubborn and It therefore to them to normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including thetic and the hints and
hints and fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with Treat with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first treat with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If without prewash selected. incorporates which allows of the Follow the to and the MAX the of Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority.
when medium-high of (from of II). Follow the instructions. The of then to of Characteristic and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thor- oughly. or products to the The should cleaned regularly. the firmly. French T.H. and cleaning of
and cleaning the from the Clean with the as as that Clean of the the the top of the washing-in chamber, with the the and the to the or containing clean the with scouring containing or or the with cleaning without to off cleaning Short and of from to the and that the The should inspected and the and/or
the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to Release the emptying hose, the and its cover. screw the and to of when the from the rotating and cleaning
and cleaning the back the tying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the WARNING! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Cleaning the If the to the or the shows the chapter "What to the To the Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the the hose with Screw the hose back the the tight.
Unscrew the hose from the flow. Clean the the with or with the of cloth. Screw the hose back to the and the tight. Turn the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the and the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and and cleaning
What to screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the and to the the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO that of the What to to of or oversights, which easily without contacting Service please the below. operation that the light of to that the Once the the to the If the Service The The closed. light of the The properly the the the There the Please The the The correctly and the pressed. Please the and the The selected. If the to washed immediately, the
The The then immediately: The and/or There the The closed. light of the The hose or light of the hose The the hose or the light of Clean the "Cleaning the The properly closed. light of the The of the hose too to section. The hose or light of the hose The clogged. light of Clean the option or that with the the or that the phases selected. Select the or The distributed the Redistribute the The to items, redistribute the manually and then the Too or too used. the or another whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to the hose The or the hose with The the emptying hose or the properly cleaning action. the the emptying hose or screw the What to
What to Unsatisfactory The The The the Too or used. Increase the or other Stubborn treated to products to the born The selected. selected the the The the of The released. There the Select or to the The and the of the ance. The the of the The distributed the Redistribute the there the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance.
If to or the service telephoning, of the and chase of the Service this information. Technical Height Water supply White ECO Synthetics Wool/ Handwash 60C with of the reference the the with EEC The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the Information the the rating the of the Water Technical
instructions Unpacking and the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the
Unscrew the three with the with the the spacers. the porthole, the hose from the and the the
the and the with the the containing the instruction the hose as the Water Positioning and the that around the impeded apply coating. to the of or the If to positioning the to or coalburning covered with the facing the or the The where the below 0C. The hose and the hose Please that when the installed, easily the the of breakdown. screwing the or or the to the Water hose and found the This to supply. the hose from previous to to the supply.
the porthole and the the hose with the nection to the the hose the hose to the or right the of the hose correctly the the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of should comply with authority and building regulations the operation of the the chapter "Technical
Water-stop The hose with which protects the hose which to of the This shown sector the A Should this turn the off and to Service to the Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose ventilated, the of the than the of the The hose
The hose to of hose and from Service Information the the rating the of the Check that the required, account other WARNING! the to earthed WARNING! The responsibility or through to comply with the WARNING! The supply easily the WARNING! Should the supply to replaced, this Service The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
The with the This that they of them properly hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.com