16/DJPDN/MG/VII/2000" EN VN ID EWT704, EWT904, EWT113
thinking of when this
to the of choosing first from which with of pleasure the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
The of this the following The warning and/or the (Warning!, information that or functioning of the The information with this instructions and the of the and information about and of the with this CONTENTS information Product of hints and cleaning hints with Troubleshooting.................................. Troubleshooting displays to the protection of the
SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first the this user including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and It to the or to this that the To this, please the using the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their items such as or as such items to the and the to with whale bones, without or torn the and off the supply and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that If and the Service the that the and hose.
If the please the to allow to freely. that there from hoses and their the installation. to this should plumber. to this should This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the that and buttons and or torn and such as and washing. NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the the the or the that the of the Child This children or infirm without Young should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that or the
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION Bleach Water Hose Hose
of Interruption The the of of of The and hear of caused of clothes the To rectify the of the and redistribute the clothes the the and of the Closing the the and the of the If of interruptions, to firm and the This corrected the as the Instructions with recovery there while or or The to the which the and then when the back the shows the If the or other within seconds then the from the where off. and Lights buttons gently. Watch the lights the to the or turning has, and BEEPS. BEEP to acknowledge the entry. If the option the the allow to and the BEEP to the option the started, the option and the with three to the disabled. The active to and the seconds to This to that really to the options to functions of the when the End-of-Wash This to or the the of the might to this when when to that when the finished approximately hour through the NOTE: this such as or or of To the selection, as follows:
Turn to the To the Loadand buttons about seconds to End-Of-Wash The when the of The when the of (this the factory CONTROL PANEL EWT EWT EWT Selector Option Press the Option to the selection, then the To to the selection. NOTE: If within seconds the to the To the process. To EWT704, EWT904 EWT113
USE Follow the instructions this section Sort Loads of should clothing which the should clothes with clothes. and should separated. the type of and they when selections from the collectors and and from other which producers. below: collectors Corduroy Synthetics that collectors from producers. clothes to Empty and to clothes. and other which purchase from and and If or removers, apply them to the clothing from the the clothes there four things to
Clothes around the items first, items. the the first that the the type of To this, as follows: Clothes wrapped round the The overloaded. Clothes to around The should three or four items, The of the should items. of and items than of items. and Dont the type of You Dont soap-based products the amount of or following the the It to front this Dont too This too causing and the of the the clothes as them. the EWT904 EWT113 the the front of the and to from the the of the the of the the (Factory the to the back its If the type of the of the You ready to the amount and the of the
using of the the earlier than expected through the back of the These to the flushing of If to the backwards the top of the when finished EWT704 the the amount of required, the of the NOTE EWT704 the amount of following the the If to with amount of enough to to the the The the the the top of the the the clothes as them. IMPORTANT: If to the DEEP option, the EXTRA or ECO or FAST option. the flushed regularly. NOTE You to the clothes perfectly without
Bleach Bleaching of clothes to heavy and to type This type bleach. the with and the the top the when there the to the instructions the bleach Chlorine type This type of bleach should with the bleach with as the instructions the To this, as follows: Turn PROGRAM SELECTOR to Press the To to the EWT113 the bleach the the top when there the Allow the to then the and the To seconds to Turn PROGRAM SELECTOR to and the To to the You the clothes and selected NOTE Bleach should or clothes. Starting Turn the and turn the the The of lights. this to to the and ready to clothes. If the shown the what to and the PROGRAM SELECTOR to the clothes the To to Soft the to initially the then the than (Please hand and crushes hand)
Select The Turn the to the The shows the of the selected The following and Delicates, Handwash, and The Selector Once the Selector that the whole If the Selector the the of the the this, as follows: the PAUSE the to the to the of the the the to the the and the with to that this option allowed. NOTE choose the WOOLLENS and BEDDING the DEEP RINSE option selected You to and and with these the DRAIN+SPIN there of least the to This (DRAIN) to the of which though clothes the to and to Option the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the To these pressed, the LED lights and information shown the
Option You select: Water Selection The the amount of FULL The the High amount of NEARLY FULL High The the amount of HALF The the amount of SMALL the amount of the If to started, and the To seconds to and then the higher that To to the Pressing the allows to choose the to Clothes EWT EWT EWT The to the selected and the Option To this, the to then the Option and the the once, then only the amount of each increased. This option allows to heavily clothes the of the You four to choose from and Pressing the Option allows to the type. washes the selects There four to choose from
used, sprayed the each the to from the clothes. The through of and this selection that the from the clothes to the this with where used. the to the selected. The washer and finally the through the this option those people who from this to and CANNOT selected with and Cleaning to with Select to the correctly and thoroughly from clothes If too You should and the performance You option to to when too high If coutry high eairly morning the that Option If the Delay-End option (and To and the or follow the below the to PAUSE and the To seconds the Delay-End option, the the To to the the this option to the of the and hours. This option MUST selected choosing the with the and the To
NOTE This option once the and its operation, this option To If and to reason, the To and to PAUSE EWT704, EWT904) The showns the following information: You when The shown then of the selected selecting the hours and To the selected the To The the of the recommended each type of the started, the updated the completed the flash. the of operating displayed, Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting displays Incorrect Option Selection If option which with the selected, the displayed about seconds and
EWT113) The showns the following information: selecting the the phase to the phases the shown the of the started, the the finished, flashing displayed. selecting the displayed: You when The shown then High of the selected selecting the hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the the completed the flash. the of operating displayed, Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting displays Incorrect Option Selection If option which with the selected, the about seconds and
WASHING HINTS Sorting The Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, Loading The whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach.
the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and Additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of To Used The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of
WASHING PROGRAMS (Cancelling/Off) of item of and items. heavily clothes to the Cleaning cleaning the To and to switch off the of of clothing whose that they hand-washed items that to and clothes items hand washed Option Option Option Option Option Option Option Option Option
CARE AND CLEANING What To You Finished Selector to Switch off the electricity the Turn off the while. This allows the to and to You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or Cleaning The The to cleaned regularly, preferably each Inspect the each to there of To this as follows: the the front of the and to from the Clean the with and toothbrush. the the back its recess, the of the with toothbrush. the back its and the Cleaning The of threads and which off clothes collects this the It to this preferably each to clean the the from the of the
the from the Turn the and the the Clean the with through the Reassemble the to the and back the of the Cleaning To clean the and of should: the with dishwashing and with cloth. cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, polishes, or household cleaners or the top and or other of Cleaning The and the caused by: such as and and grease from or sweaty clothes around the top of the incorrect or too used. clothes Dont clothing the too to the with cleaning which Oily with dishwashing and bleach cleaners or to the
HELPFUL HINTS IN DEALING WITH WASHING PROBLEMS On Items If clothes, the following the thoroughly to the to and of the to (the to items which clothes. or and NOT or to which and as white or the of clothes the finished Similarly, coloured clothes. Stained Clothes Treat as as The the to and first. If or removers, apply them to the clothes items from light and the the If bleach, follow the instructions the bottle and clothing. coloured or bleaches. synthetic using chemicals or bleaches. NOTE Chemicals to from or the Pre-treatment and cleaning or These and
Yellowing Greying Clothes What to Yellowing Incorrect and which redepositing of clothes. incorrect type or too and performance. Mixing whites with clothes, clothes. build-up of clothes that with the T-shirts. of clothes. Iron the of bleaches with resin finishes. Incorrect ONLY then re-wash selections the If the or reducing the amount of then re-wash selections the If the or reducing the amount of
TROUBLESHOOTING servicing the as the below. It helpful with temporary You comeback to as service people or from service the The information about the and what to and rectify washed Water with Water flowing from indefinitely of or when E20 switched electricity supply through the Water turned of switch off closed Communication of closed hose Water turned hoses hose too Clothes distributed Too What to Switch with another Turn redistribute and Service. redistribute hose Turn Clean filters/washers hose or to instructions positioning of the to the Redistribute clothes
What to Water Clothes clicking and other TROUBLESHOOTING FAULT DISPLAYS information and when should service. If with and service, ALL of the instructions that the You instructions the Troubleshooting section and the below. the that The of this the information and the action should the following with If the the OFF to the corrected. Water E30 hose Incorrect of Not enough or Too clothes Incorrect or selected Incorrect selected or other thin items caught and of activation when Customer action (Summary) and hose hose flowing of Press To to If Service. If Service. and of and rewash clothes clothes and rewash or and rewash higher If the item with Normal Normal
Customer action (Summary) of while Service. Press To Incorrect option selection of recovery E20 SP Turn off the and Service. the top of hose the the top and the the flowing of to its Press To to If this repeated, Service. Choose the option. the to the Redistribute clothes evenly, then the to this clear
ENVIRONMENT CONCERNS The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed Measure to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.com