(EWT806 and EWT606)
Congratulations Congratulations and thank choosing to the that through the which the of the and its To the that when that the correctly and that the instructions to and that this instruction reference and to owners. the please it If the Customer the Water Water and The options and and of instructions Sort the and and bleach Starting Choosing Water active Water Checking the Selecting Option of option option the To switch off the of What to nished Cleaning the and Cleaning Cleaning the build-up of Clearing build-up Removing washed items Yellowing or clothes Stained clothes
to options to Water to or to to to Option to type allows to to to light
Water Water Water Approx. of of clothes rated capacity as tested to AS2040) washer with these options or to
instructions Please the and reference. the to owners of the The this these warning This information concerning This information to the and information This and information about of the This and information about and of the of this shown below: This to this This this warning It to these This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the If this from or outlet the or that to splashing or of If the of this the Authorised Service or to warning If service and or three that to the turned and the allowed to of This allow that built the of to further please to service instruction and owners Information users of those through recycling or them authorities and the of of from the washer to the of the
New This features options allowing to exactly the right each to clean and clothes. Additionally, when choose to with the and the amount of following when with of clothes and with selected. selected to money and to reduce the the You wish. If previously top type washer, to know that washer differently. This washer of and through Water and the active and to the outer and the Water of and to of loads, and combinations, the active the and the active both the and whatever that the amount of used. The the and the amount of while to the as the option. It the clothes, the and repeating this four the clothes and and both effective this washer, of the top and with active and choosing than the of top the Water as follows. the outer of the from the to the outer through the of the whatever the the outer Water with from the and the seconds then resting seconds. This the of the while the the outer to effectively the free and clear of and off and selected. The appear to too the the increase the to the height The of the the to the of normally the These with teardrop indentations around the The and of the the of from the to the outer
and At the of the and There to allow to through the outer the the through the hose and then the The ON and OFF this each to from the to the outer You hear the switching and off of the The options There to choose from and option each the to from the clothes. The through of and this that the from the clothes to the this with where used. the to the selected. The washer and the through the If the active the the from with to and information to to Option about About or bleach and of this to front and its revolutionary front or high washers Cold and High Top or Matic. to and and performance. directly the NOT them the tted. and that and to them the the selected. You the the top of the The with or following the instructions and If to the to the of or and to the and information You the the option. You with directly to the It the the top of the The the the instructions,
about About If to the option and Option clothes and reduces that clothes to when worn. to perfectly without information, and to the the when to The the closed when the The light to force the when locked. At other to easily the when and the light off. This the exibility of top information). where the washer with to the right clothes You the option to manually the wish. nished the the to to there the right amount of the the other the while the terms of At appear nothing or This the amount of allowing to from the to the and with the The amount of factory You the or amount. information the and and information the gently. what and the acknowledge the If and the option the heard. the hours and to the This include the that the to with information or of The and of of of You know this because the the of caused of clothes the To the of the and redistribute the clothes the the and the of the You to the to the Closing the the and the If of to and the This corrected the as the instructions with too high of Select or when loads. instructions The instructions the of and should following them. to the of types, and of these which the If of or items, please the section washed items learn what the of and and
Sort of should clothing which the should clothes with clothes. and should separated. the type of and they when selections from the options. collectors and and from other which producers. below: collectors Corduroy Synthetics Chenille/Candlewick and information that collectors from producers. clothes to clothes. which purchase from Pre-treatment and apply them to the clothing from the four things to items followed items. to around sheets. The of the should items. of and items than of items. and Dont the type of You front or high top such as Cold and High Top or Matic. causing and overloading the of the If think increase amounts to the clothes as them. the that the the type of To this, as follows: the the front of the and to from the the of the the of the the (Factory the to the back its If the type of the of the You ready to You ready to the amount and it the of the the earlier than expected through the back of the These to the of If to the backwards the top of the when nished and
the the The the incorrectly tted, or with You ready to the amount as recommended the and then the of the the and then too early and to The when to the MAX than MAX function correctly. the and the the Measure the amount of and of or the to the the MAX this height Measure the amount of following the the with amount of enough to to the the The the the the top of the as as them. bleach and to bleach This type bleach. the with and the the top the when there the to the instructions the bleach Chlorine type This type of bleach should with the bleach with as instructions the to the with bleach the the top Allow the to and to then the to to the then the clothes and selected and information Bleach should or clothes.
Starting Turn the the Press the The the and then ready to the Please this to to the If the displayed what to then to the To or other the following instructions. NOTE: On the and nished the the to and to (If then Choosing or when the to This to allow to of the exactly from where the the selection the hear Recommended Recommended the this heavily *(includes Normal/Heavy Select this of normally Normal Select this of or Light Select this clothes. Light this and items. built-in the of the selected to the information option operating Press the the light the to of the the to the option selected You with Water active with the active and of the The following shows when the active and the the active? Light Normal Normal NOTE: With option of selecting which the of the active
operating There to choose from: heavily clothes clothes and items family clothes, Light lightly clothes, to freshen them The the of the selected Press the to increase or the the than and than Light. Water to choose the to You select: or the selection each to and information the of the If what to choose, and the with to the Selecting the option the right amount of the of and to the amount of the shows and when there the If clothes to the started, the the and the amount of the You the to amount or below the the amount of normally the option too high or too To this, the then shown. of Checking the of started, the to the the to seconds. the the the If the seconds, the and the the to If the the as from the to the outer The of then appear too closing the the and the to the If where the active, the when the Press the to the There to choose from: Press the repeatedly the highlighted with light. the incoming and the of to the selected The and together or independantly. and information the selection to when the selected. off, washes only, or the the of washes other than and shutdown. Installations instructions). with than 70C. You should plumber supply too off
Press the to the The lights the that selected each of the Recommended clothes, that to of the To Dry: Option below) At the of the and shown the the and the clothes from the To the from the the and allow the to If other items the and to those items Selecting only You to only clothes clothes and or clothes to Press the the light ON Press the The and then Option Pressing the Option allows to the type. washes the selects already selected the or or with Press the Option the The through of to the from the clothes. Press the Option the the washer with to the selected the operating and information washes whenever There of when instead of to shown or option. this to them. Select to the correctly and thoroughly from clothes might effective from clothes. If this the then that this option wish. The to or the If and to reason, then If and to the the light OFF. The light ON to when the of the the closed The when the To and the closed, locked. If the and the to closed the to the Should to the You to the to the and the light OFF. If then and the and the of the the and the to the warning DO NOT the the top of the and or otherwise the
operating of The information about the and of the highlighted the as when pressing the highlighted, and or highlighted, whichever selected. where the the and highlighted the following the the highlighted to these follow the when completed. NOTE: light highlighted nished. Displayed Information the and what to to Indicates the of redistribute and every the the every The reached the of the of switched off, clothes and The then Other The informing of with the which to to further information and what should Service. Press the to the to the as shown the The the (or hours and to This include the to with The shows information The to allow to cool. You the Press to displayed as or to and The
The allows to the memory and then To the seconds. The indicating the The options highlighted the the currently Press the buttons as the below to selection each Press the to the OR Press the to the and them. and that the information this to selections each. Press to Option the to and information To with instructions the right of this To the Press the to the washer to the currently You to wish. Press to the option You of hours from hour to hours. to hours from the then as follows: clothes the and as operating and the and indicating of hour. Press the repeatedly the shown the The the hours DO NOT PRESS Select and other options required. To with selected and section the of this Press the repeatedly the shown the Press the the expired. DO NOT PRESS washer and the otherwise and correctly. the and the the of the Then the to the POWDER DETERGENT button
operating option This option allows to heavily clothes the of the To this, the to then the Pressing this repeatedly the selections the hour. The closed to allow to including the At the and off and the At other the clothes and the nothing. and information the displayed and there to the of the The the of the To the the repeatedly displayed. the If with the when using selection, the to higher or when the seconds the the (factory higher than than the to the selection. The washer then to and information seconds of the or other the the this the and the To switch off the of The factory to the of It when the the to to the clothes from the To the selection, as follows: the seconds Press the to the selection required. the (ON) the (OFF) Press the to the selection. when buttons and and information If or within seconds of the or other button, the the this the and the Press and seconds
Caring What to nished the to and to Cleaning the The to cleaned regularly, preferably each Inspect the each to there of or To this as follows: from the shown below. and toothbrush. the of the with toothbrush. Cleaning the of threads and which off clothes collects this the It to this preferably each to the through the the top of the the of the
Cleaning To the and of should: cleaners, cleaners, cleaners, polishes, or household cleaners or the top and or other of Cleaning the and the caused by: and around the top of the used. and information too to the and bleach cleaners or to clean the build-up of If with and the This build-up clothes. To this build-up: Clearing build-up the there clothes Select the following to cleansing Light Option hour of the Press to the and allow it to to You the of easy cleaning. and the section this Cleaning to the and right corners. the of they reach the to the below. top they
hints with washed items and information which and as white or the of clothes the nished lighter coloured clothes. If clothes, the following You of than to the to (the items which clothes. to freedom the clothes to around the to (they of increasing and choose the the option The Normal/Heavy the option The Yellowing or clothes What to Incorrect and ONLY front washer or HE which redepositing of clothes. this such as Cold and High Top or Matic. then re-wash using selections the and or If the or reducing the amount of Yellowing build-up of clothes that then re-wash using with the T-shirts. selections the and or If the or reducing the amount of helpful hints with incorrect type or too and performance. Mixing whites with clothes, clothes. instead of of clothes. Iron the of bleaches with resin nishes. Incorrect Incorrect too or too cold. Stained clothes The to Treat as as The the to and If or removers, apply them to the clothes items from the the bottle and clothing. or bleaches. chemicals or bleaches. NOTE: Chemicals to from or the Pre-treatment and warning cleaning or These and NOTE: Synthetics which to treatment.
to to as whites type bleach. as as as whites type bleach. meat with meat Apply or with bleach. meat If with meat (fresh If Candle Scrape off clean white or layers of with cleaning If bleach. Chewing with to Scrape off with knife. as whites. with cleaning with and cleaning (white to grease Coffee/tea or cream) Thoroughly and If with cleaning If bleach. Coffee/tea white Correcting Scrape off as as as whites. with thinner or white with prewash or with If greasy then Curries of the with to and then Fat/grease/oil with cleaning (white as whites. with and through with as whites. applying with cleaning or then If as whites. or as such. Iron Apply and Apply and with and with and If bleach. to with cleaning or with cleaning based) Scrape off fresh with or then as whites. with the through as whites. Scorch Usually as whites type bleach. then If try cleaning or bleach. White and coloured through or or with and type bleach. as whites to type bleach. as whites to type bleach. as whites type bleach. with or Treat with bleach. as whites type bleach. as whites. as whites. applying as whites to
Troubleshooting service the below. If service and there nothing with to the service You to when warranty. If to from the this and the Troubleshooting displays. What to switched Switch washed Water Turn with Water hose too hose or indenitely. instructions). the and then to the continuously. information of or excessively when Water Turn both OFF electricity through the with another switched Press Press to Turn of redistribute and DELAY or SOAK. or displayed. to DRIP DRY. clothes, then of redistribute and hose outlet and there the Too and/or incorrect type of ONLY front washer this such as Cold and High Top or Matic. closed to closed, or closed properly. hoses Clean lters/washers. COLD to Select COLD washes selected or Turn both OFF the instructions). to instructions). Clothes distributed. Redistribute clothes evenly. Too or hose and of Incorrect of or from troubleshooting
troubleshooting Troubleshooting What to Clothes Not enough or and rewash clothes. Clothes or If item with and outer clicking and other and If to the light ON and light OFF. Then the Too clothes clothes and rewash. Incorrect selections or Incorrect selected. and rewash clothes. and to ONLY front washer this such as Cold and High Top or Matic. Normal Normal that heard when ON. At of the release the locked If light OFF, to off then If should Service.
Troubleshooting displays information and when should service If with and service, ALL of the instructions that the You instructions the Troubleshooting section and and the below. information and the action should the following Action to Not with both and hose corrected Service. Press to the seconds the The switch off and repeatedly to clear correctly. The If to operating correctly. then to Press to off. the functioning properly. Should further instructions the and of please Customer the shown the back troubleshooting displays hose of Press to If Service. If to or to Service. If then the hose Press to If Service. If this repeatedly experienced, Service. If Service. If to from You to to If this repeatedly experienced, Service.
warranty This the and of It Please with of purchase reference should service Terms and Conditions this warranty of Appliances purchased and (NZ) of Appliances purchased New Appliance purchased this where the Appliance or household the of months and New the of months; where the Appliance the of months and New the of months, the stated months covered this warranty) following the of purchase of the Appliance; the purchaser of the Appliance purchased the and This warranty to purchased and or New and to (and or or New Zealand. warrants that, when from the Appliance from and charge readily without and to these and or which to or its ASC reconditioned to You that Appliances or become the property of This warranty apply to light or perishable and Appliances covered this warranty. the of of the Appliance to and from Authorised Service of and of the Authorised Service to and from or business. If service bear these information about whether within service please or New of purchase this warranty. You this warranty the to or or workmanship. the following (which The Appliance by: Notice FOR SERVICE or to the of service PLEASE CALL the of only) FOR SERVICE or to the of authorised service New FREE CALL (New only) or including to properly or service wear and tear or incorrect or incorrect, or operation insect or infestation. The Appliance without authority from writing. The Appliances or warranty or The Appliance serviced or repaired other than or its Authorised Service This warranty, the to which relates and the relationship and the the Australian State where the Appliance purchased or the New Appliance purchased New business the Consumer apply. of 10.To the other than as this or whether or indirect or from purchase, or of the Appliance. Provisions of the and State legislation and the Consumer Act, the of and the New Zealand, imply or or obligations, which excluded, restricted or To the the of of or relation to the Appliance or services (where and reasonable to the of Appliances, its option, to the or of the Appliances or the supply of products or the of the of the Appliances or the Appliances repaired or of Appliances. replaced, and Appliances become the property of or the of services, its option, to the supply of the services or the of the of the services re-supplied; and the of Appliances or services New or whether or indirect or that reasonably You acknowledge that the that warranty and its Authorised Service to information relation to to to its obligations this warranty. SERVICE AUSTRALIA ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS www.electrolux.com.au SERVICE NEW ZEALAND ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS www.electrolux.co.nz FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of PLEASE CALL the of only) FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of New FREE CALL (New only)
telephone: www.electrolux.com.au the that know? Thats exactly what wanted! Thats the of that the to everyone who chooses or of products. knowledge, and of thought to and creating the of that customers really and This of thoughtful with insight. Not the thoughtful to and to to that century ease of to this ease of to people of their the world. when thinking of know that. of thinking www.electrolux.com.au Copyright Products ABN