LAVAMAT information
Customer, Please this user information and to to Please the user information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions of the the first and the Switching the appliance/selecting the speed/selecting Option PRE WASH. TIME SAVER. Activating/deactivating RINSE+. the Starting complete/Removing the Child Cleaning and What to Remedying If the satisfactory Carrying Technical
and instructions information concerning the Transporting the the Where to the Connecting the to the supply Water Water Drainage Warranty Customer Service Service and
Instructions to the the first Follow the and instructions If the the winter months when there the hours the first Correct The the of Additions or to the ted. that The The of the cleaning. only the the of these products this. Child from There of suffocation. Children often the associated with Dont allow children to the pervised. that and the of the The of death
Repairs to the only authorised service the when the or the or plinth to such that the of the openly Switch off the to cleaning and carrying the from the or the switch off the the or completely the If operation the from the and off the the from the the the and used. overheating fire the with of shock. with high the the become emptying of the cleaning the or the the cool and hoses. This of and from the
of the Screw (height Additional buttons DELAY TIMER HOLD START/PAUSE DOOR Plinth
ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES EASY IRON DELICATES WOOL/SILK (Hand-washing) COLD RINSE DRAIN SPIN of with or of EN and IEC scribed the section Additional PRE WASH TIME SAVER RINSE HOLD
60C lightly to normally whites/col- oureds of normally to heavily coloureds/whites of and synthetics. 40C easy-care which washed this to lightly or such as synthetics, to With RINSE HOLD that clothing. Specially and from the Not easy-care or items, reduce the following and following or of hand-washed the or items. The the the Application/Features
the first the of through the the This the when the and the function properly. To production-related from the and the first without COTTONS/LINEN the TIME SAVER and Empty the covers to to the from or them with or and items tights, and other items containing wires should only washed The wires and the ance. Sorting white and coloured separately. type of and with the the
the the the the the switched the DOOR and START/PAUSE tors whether the DOOR START/PAUSE Can the and loosely. and items. caught the and the the catch that with the instructions. instructions the The amount of the of the the of the If the with to of half-load third and the amount of that recommended Water should from The amount of then that as with information about flashing flashing and/or too high off flashing
the as as the the the Wash-care to the of garments/Starch the If using and the right-hand the cycle/in-wash treatment, the top of the the the products to the of starch the to than the MAX to thick with the structions them. starch. If using the the Switching the appliance/selecting the and the selector. The switched lecting The shows the that the selected the or in-wash treatment
the speed/selecting The the the selected You reduce this To this, the HOLD repeatedly the indicated. The the the To this: Press the START/PAUSE the Press the START/PAUSE RINSE HOLD With RINSE HOLD the to the There the spin(s). The intermediate the and Option If required, the button(s). The PRE WASH pre-wash the that follows automatically; with COTTONS/LINEN and EASY-CARES, without DELICATES. TIME SAVER lightly
Activating/deactivating RINSE+ If RINSE+ activated, with the COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES/EASY IRON, DELICATES and RINSE. RINSE+ permanently the switched off. Activating RINSE+: Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES/EASY IRON or DELICATES (with the of choice). and the PRE WASH and DELAY TIMER tons RINSE and RINSE+ the RINSE+ permanently activated. to the of RINSE+ the and while the Deactivating RINSE+ Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES/EASY IRON or DELICATES (with the of choice). and the PRE WASH and DELAY TIMER tons RINSE+ the RINSE+ permanently deactivated. the The DELAY TIMER allows to the of Select the Press the DELAY TIMER once the to hours. The Press the DELAY TIMER the to hours. The If the DELAY TIMER the The To the the START/PAUSE If of hours selected, the hours the switch and illuminated. of hours the then
Starting that the turned Select Press the START/PAUSE button. The or the counted the the of the shown the If the START/PAUSE the END flashes and the acoustic sounds the correctly the closed and the START/ PAUSE the START/PAUSE and then the START/ PAUSE To the to OFF. of the as as the DOOR Press the START/PAUSE The the and the START/PAUSE The the the finished, END the as the DOOR and the END the the and the Turn the to OFF. Turn off the the to allow to the slightly that the
If RINSE HOLD selected: Following DOOR and END the First the Either turn the to OFF, then to DRAIN and the START/PAUSE (the without or the to OFF and then to SPIN. the type of required, reduce the and the START/PAUSE (the and the Child If the activated, the Activating the child to the the of the clockwise rection as as Warning! The otherwise the child The as shown the Deactivating the child Turn the anti-clockwise as as
Cleaning and cleaning products or clean- to the the and housing with cloth. The should cleaned regularly. the firmly. the from the Clean with the as as that tion. Clean the of the the the of the washing-in chamber, with the its and the to the or containing the with containing or or which the cleaning without to off cleaning COTTONS/LINEN the TIME SAVER of and whether or the of the or the clean the and the
What to Remedying If the of the following operation: END flashes with END flashes with outflow), END flashes please the following the the START/PAUSE the of other or flashing the switch the off and the Press the START/PAUSE If the appears please Service Force The closed. The END flashing and tic sounding The END flashing and acoustic sounding with the inflow.) or with the The The START/PAUSE enough. The child tivated. The closed The turned off. Turn the The the hose screw The or faulty. the to the the there should click. Press the START/PAUSE ton Deactivate the the properly. the Turn off the Unscrew the the and the and paired, necessary.
The when operating or Water from the Too There of used. The END flashing and tic sounding with the outflow.) with The The screw feet correctly There the bathrobe). The hose screw Tighten the nection The hose outlet The the cover properly. closed properly. caught the The hose There the outlet the The height of exceeded. The Clean the the blocked. The the additives correctly or the the as the and nection instructions. affected this. the Screw the hose firmly. Follow the instructions exactly when Please service Switch off the the Clean the from the housing. Clean the the firmly.
The when the switched The creased. If the satisfactory The and there the Too used. incorrect used. pre-treated. The or properly. There the Items that with ointments, or washed using too The too that the type centrated with the such as as and when the following the to created the of this, the sufficiently There white the What which They the of or the If the choice of with to The locked. There the The too items loaded. the DOOR tor and the END The when the To the If the first the the section Carrying the
Carrying Warning! to carrying switch off the and the from the Warning! The that of the hose There of scalding. the cool the plinth and the neath Then the turning anti-clockwise and The If to the than once, the hose with the while the the the hose and clockwise it the hose the the plinth and
The maintenance-free. It to the cover there malfunction and the the please that there the or the items to washed. which their the with the the housing that protects the Warning! the of the switch off the and the from the cloth the front of the cover of the Unscrew the cover clockwise and and from the housing and from the whether the wheel right the back of the hous- turn. (If the wheel rotates with motion, this If the turned, please Service Force the cover. the the of the cover the and the turning clockwise tion. off the hose and the the plinth
The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: finished its life, the from the off the and and of them. the lock. This children from themselves and their
Technical This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive when Height of Plate Water The obtained They household COTTONS/LINEN ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES DELICATES WOOL/SILK (Hand-washing) The with the EN with or of EN and IEC from the indicated type and of used, age and functions selected. Water
and instructions information concerning This built-in the first the while that to the the of to the to the of the using the the first when age caused to the or to neighbouring or the the first splash protection completed. the correctly shockproof If hard-wired: hard-wiring to the to using the the first that the rated and the rating plate match the and where the to The tection to found the rating If the the of the to the supply, this plumber. If the electricity supply the of the to the electricity supply, this The Service Force
the Transporting the Warning: The heavy. There of injury. when the the its front its right (as from the front). the without using the the when the its of installation. Transporting the without the of the to the the the when the plinth. trolley to the the trolley the of the the to the of the to using the the first the when the to house). the hose located the of the and the hoses and the hose from the with
and and C with the to screw and the Turn C as shown the C to the to the screws E. to the four screws F. G. Screw the four screws to the Press items) and C that they the Where to The operated where there of frost. There of frost or the of the covered the warranty. The which the to firm and the or coverings. The which the to clean and and free from grease, that the If the location which the to with small-format the shops) the
If the to base: the to the base, fixing mounted, which the If the to which the as as to of the Screw board least thick) least of the the The four of the pre-adjusted. of individually the height screw the to this. of or such to the the height screw instead.
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow: Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. WARNING! off serious (shock) that the off of the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the
The switch the and earth This with the the EEC rective AC: rating rating further information. This VDE of electricity authorities This conforms to EEC Directive 82/499/EWG terference. WARNING! Repairs to only trained repairs to serious the Connecting the to the supply This connected to the supply. connecting the hose the to the supply. or the of DIN1986 and DIN1988. or crush the hose or The least and of If than reduction If than the of the hose from the and the the pointed and the the Water hose with the If hose hoses from the to used. Service Force hose of
the of the threaded hose or included as other threaded hose hand. the hose with the right-an- to the the hose vertically to the right or the as shown the the hose with the straight to with (inch) screw thread. the and that Water Drainage The hose should the the hose using the supplied. The should internal of approximately there the hose and It to the hose without
that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose with hoses of and from Service Force If the outlet that the hose the and with required. the hose upwards to from the the The of the hose the pumped-out the back the heights of The to to height of from the which the If height malfunctions and age to the obtained. Please Service Force
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Ausland Further service overseas these countries AEG Please further
service as AEG AEG.
Customer Service U.A.E. Universal P.O. Service East The VIC www.andico.com.au A.A. Sons P.O. E.O.O.D. Sofia Sons P.O. Service Telephones: Paphos EE0006 Household P.O. EURO-LINE Appliances Winston PARK L6H 5V1 (South) Core Incorp. 3/F D.O.O. P.O. Assaferi P.O. LV-1012 ITC International White House Building Mountbatte Street World P.O. Street AEG NAMIBIA (PTY) Street Northern New Corporation New WATTAR CO. P.O. Direct ARIAN International AEG as Showroom: Service:
Service Street New Warehouse Building Thailand Olympia Tower, Thailand KFT 49A/B, Unit S.R.O. Phone: Co D.O.O. South Africa AEG (Pty) P.O.
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without