LAVAMAT information
Please this Information and to to this Information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning: Notes that Attention: Notes that to to the and hints information
Instructions of the the first and the Switching the appliance/selecting the speed/selecting Selecting the options RINSE+ TIME SAVER. PRE WASH. STAIN the of the cycle/removing the Child Cleaning and What to Remedying malfunctions If the satisfactory Carrying Technical
and instructions information the the Transporting the Where to the Connecting to the supply Water Water Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions to the first Follow the Instructions and If the the winter months when there the hours using the first Correct The the of home. Additions or to the ted. and additives that tic The of the cleaning. only the the of these products this. of Children and Infirm from There of suffocation. The or infirm without Children often the associated with Dont allow to the pervised. that and the of the Could life!
Repairs to the service the the or the top or plinth such that the of the freely Switch off the cleaning, and servicing. the of the or the of switch off the the or the screw completely. If the from the and off the the the the and used. This fire through overheating. the with of shock! with high the the emptying of the cleaning the or the emergency, the the and hoses. of shock and of from the
of the Screw (height SPIN/RINSE HOLD DOOR option buttons DELAY TIMER START/PAUSE plate Plinth
ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES EASY IRON DELICATES WOOL/SILK (HANDWASH) COLD RINSE DRAIN SPIN REFRESH of with or of EN and IEC the section Recommended however with somewhat reduced cleaning STAIN only selected with of 40C and as treatment products only effective higher options RINSE+ TIME SAVER PRE WASH STAIN RINSE HOLD
C lightly to normally whites/ coloureds of normally to heavily whites/coloureds of easy-care and synthetics. washed using this to lightly or which washes C easy-care which such as synthetics, to With RINSE HOLD with clothing. Particularly and from and or hand- C, through items such as slightly clothing that once or clothes. The the the Application/features:
the first the of through the the This the when the and the function properly To production-related from the and the first without COT- TONS/LINEN the TIME SAVER button, of and Empty covers to to the from or cover them with or and items or tights, and other items containing wires should washed The wires and the ance. Sorting white and coloured separately. type of and with the
the To the the the the switched the DOOR light and the START/ PAUSE light whether the and the and items. caught the and the the firmly. catch only and additives that USA and only! LOW-SUDSING front-loading this This heat the to or and should to that the used. If with or the WARRANTY AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARE VOIDED IF LOW SUDSING DETERGENT IS NOT USED. and additives to the instructions of the and Follow the instructions the DOOR START/PAUSE Can the flashes or off the START/PAUSE or off flashes or and/or too high
the of the of the the of of the supply. If the instructions loads: third only of the that recommended From upwards, should used. then to informa- tion about the the as as the the the In-wash treatment/ the products to the of starch the If and the right-hand the pre-wash the to the the products to the of starch the the MAX thick to the instructions them the starches. If the the the pre-wash or
Switching the appliance/selecting the and the selecting switch the the The the that the selected the the of the appears. the speed/selecting The the that the selected You reduce this Press the SPIN/RINSE HOLD repeatedly the lights The the the To this: Press the START/PAUSE the Press the START/PAUSE RINSE HOLD With RINSE HOLD the to the There the spin(s). Intermediate and
Selecting the options If the tion button(s). The light lights If flashes the the option selected with the RINSE+ There the ENERGY SAVING, COTTONS/LINEN, DELICATES, EASY-CARE and EASY IRON of TIME SAVER Shortened lightly PRE WASH pre-wash the which follows automatically; termediate the COTTONS/LINEN and EASY-CARE the DELICATES STAIN heavily and In-wash treatment ucts washed the as the Can only selected with of 40C and as treatment products effective higher
the With the DELAY TIMER the of to of hours Select the DELAY TIMER the the the of the to hours. DELAY TIMER light If the showing and the the appears the of the To the the START/PAUSE The the shown Starting that the turned Press the START/PAUSE The or the If the START/PAUSE E40 flashes the the END flashes and the acoustic sounds the closed properly. the closed and the START/PAUSE The shows the that currently The the the of the the the increased or the while as the to tions type and of of
pressing the START/PAUSE It then the START/ PAUSE To the the the to OFF. there the It to as as the DOOR light Press the START/PAUSE The the and the START/PAUSE The of the cycle/removing the At the of the END lights the The as as the DOOR the and the Turn the to OFF. the the to to the slightly that the If RINSE HOLD selected: the END lights the The first the to OFF, then to DRAIN and the START/PAUSE (the without or the to OFF and then to SPIN. the necessary and the START/PAUSE (the and the
Child the child the closed. the to the the of the clockwise rection as as it Warning! The otherwise the child active. The as shown the Releasing the Turn the anti-clockwise as as Cleaning and or cleaners to the and with cloth. Cleaning If to should from to This reduce and clean the from the
The should cleaned regularly. the firmly. the from the Clean with the as as that Clean of the the the top of the washing-in chamber, with the the and the to the or containing the with containing or or the with cleaning without to clean off cleaning COTTONS/LINEN the TIME SAVER of and whether or the of the or the of the Clean the the and the regularly.
What to Remedying malfunctions If of the following the operation: E10 with E20 with E40 please the following the the START/PAUSE the of other or Switch the off and the Press the START/ PAUSE If the please the Customer and inform them of the closed. Child Release pressed, appears the E40 appears. END flashes the acoustic sounds E10 appears. END flashes the acoustic sounds with inflow) or there should properly. click. START/PAUSE enough. The selected function combined with the properly. closed properly. turned off. Turn the the screw tion of the hose Water with or Press START/PAUSE another selection. Turn off the screw and clean the and repaired necessary.
The when operating or Water the excessively. At the of the E20 appears. flashes the acoustic sounds with outflow) additives with The Removing the lock. The screw correctly items of the Screw the hose hose cover properly. closed properly. caught the Emergency hose Probably too used. height of exceeded. With to outlet the additives correctly or the as the and nection instructions. the as as and items. the off hose properly. exactly as structed Please Customer Switch off Clean from housing. Clean Clean firmly.
when switched heavily creased. If the satisfactory and the Too used. The right used. pre-treated. or correctly There the with grease or washed with too It too that the washing. should washed as as and that when the the The however sufficiently rinsed. There white the This to the They caused or the If the choice of with to DOOR locked. off.) to too loads. loaded. when To If the the first off the section Carrying
Carrying Warning! switch off the and the from the Warning! The that of the hose There of scalding. the cool the plinth and the neath Then the turning anti-clockwise and The If to the than once, the hose with the while the the the hose and screw tight clockwise the hose back the the plinth and
The maintenance-free. It to the cover there malfunction and the wheel Please the that there the or caught the that the with the the housing that protects the Warning! the cover, switch off the and the from the First cloth the front of the cover. Unscrew the cover clockwise and and from the housing and from the wheel. whether the wheel right the back of the hous- turn. (It the wheel to If the wheel turned, please the Customer the cover. the the of the cover the and the turning clockwise off the hose and the plinth
The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning! finished with, the from the off the and and of them. the This from themselves and their
Technical This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive Height when Height of Water The obtained They when operating (COTTONS/LINEN) ECO (ENERGY SAVING) (COTTONS/LINEN) (EASY-CARES) (DELICATES) (WOOL/SILK/HANDWASH) The with the EN testing with or of EN and IEC from those the and of the and its the type and of used, and options lected. Water
and instructions information the This built-in the first the while transported. that the of please the first of the when caused to the or to neighbouring or the the first splash protection completed. Removing the the correctly shockproof trained to using the the first that the rated and type of the rating plate match that of the where the to The rating to found the rating If the the of the to the supply, this plumber. If the electricity supply the of the to the electricity supply, this The only the Customer or the the Warning! The of injury. when the its front its right (as from the front).
the without its the when the its of installation. Transporting the without its to to the the the when the plinth. trolley: the trolley the of the Unpacking The the operation. You to the the to the with back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the
With and the the spacer. Unscrew and the and the C the D. Tighten the C
the porthole and the with the hesive the the and the with the the containing the instruction the with the the tic containing the instruction the hose as the Water Where to The where there of frost. or impaired operation! covered the warranty. The which the to firm and the or The which the to and and from coverings that that the If the location which the to with small-format the shops) the
the The four of the of individually the height screw the to this. of or such to the the height screw instead. about the type of supply and the to found the rating The rating plate to the Connecting to the supply Permitted The least and of If than reduction If than the of the hose from the and the flow the and the the
Water Attention! hose and found the the hose from previous to to the supply. This to the the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose wards. the hose to the or right the of the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the should with authority and building tions of of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the
Water The the height of the which the and the outlet hoses to hoses. (A of the and then vertically). The Customer outlet hoses of outlet the with hose from overflow. The of the hose the that back the pliance. or bath, the hose with the to the force the hose of the the that the fast enough. The to to height of from the which the Warning! If height malfunctions and to the obtained. Please the Customer
Guarantee/Customer Service This each of the countries the back of this the the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012,
LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO Industriestrasse CH-5506 www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  SK,
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating tions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of displayed the that the necessary reference from hand, that write them PNC:
www.electrolux.com to without