LAVAMAT instructions
customer, Please these operating instructions through using the Please the instructions the first of these operating instructions! the operating instructions reference, and them to owners. The warning and/or the Warning! information which or the functioning of the It that this information This when operating the This information and the and information about the and of the with the clover If or please or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Slough, SL1 1DZ Printed thinks acts
instructions features of of the Selector as EASY-CARES SOAKING RINSE HOLD Indication ON and selected the first the Sorting and of and and Which and and instructions Loading the Selecting the the the or RINSE HOLD the of cycle/removing the
softening/starching prewash and Cleaning Precautionary the of of frost Troubleshooting If the satisfactory Carrying emptying Cleaning the Technical Information the Service
instructions of please these or the If about of the of these the Customer Repairs to the should Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force the the or the top or allowing internal to Switch off the and isolate from the supply carrying cleaning or the to the of the the with high the of the become Allow the to cleaning the or carrying and hoses causing shock Please follow the and instructions with the comply with authority and building regulations the the first C without and the recommended amount of This to from the which
instructions Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and known to Please the from of childrens reach. of the off the and the the catch to the and off the the to If the other or incorrectly used, the which It to the specifications or to this which and follow the of the which with should washed. cleaning. and bleaching only specifically the of these products.
of the correctly. and of without to the The covering and of >PE<). The of CFC expanded >PS<). of the off the and the the catch to becoming authorised To and and to the that follow these prewash normally It to loads. reduce the to thirds. and then the when light to normally
of the the and selector. effectively treating EASY-CARES treatment of easy-care SOAKING to with light to the reduced to the the with with of and and with the 3-chamber and prewash chamber KO The effective The off the from the Scoop the and equally. and smooth and or
of the front of plate with
of the Selector Turn the clockwise the with the If the too to the anticlockwise instead turning clockwise the selected. To the the outwards and the light At the of the the and the light COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES STAIN treating or with phase, EASY-CARES SOAKING RINSE HOLD ON
MAIN WASH QUICK WASH Shortened lightly washing. RINSE hand-washed to the selected CONDITIONER (or starching): or starch from the the SPIN RINSE HOLD, or hand-washed DELICATES DELICATES SHORT SPIN RINSE HOLD or of hand-washed WOOL WOOL and GENTLE RINSE protective hand-washed and SHORT SPIN or of hand-washed and PRE WASH/SOAKING PRE WASH PRE WASH C) and PRE WASH, the as the automatically. SOAKING when PRE WASH/SOAKING and the SOAKING pressed. of the
of the C when EASY-CARES additionally pressed). the the the PUMP OUT of RINSE HOLD (without or as The as clockwise the of the reached. You the following selector: Cold, E, of light to reduced to 67C. EASY-CARES easy-care This active when the selector, selected from the of COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES or SOAKING. SOAKING This active when PRE WASH/SOAKING selected. With this reduce the the process. RINSE HOLD If RINSE HOLD selected the the Indication ON The ON as as the switched
Compartment pre-wash or They PRE WASH and SOAKING right the of the or STAIN the the (and used). Compartment starch). They to the of the Suction
and selected The the following They household MAIN WASH The and These the first Slightly the of the about of through the the this the KO function correctly. without (COTTONS with the amount of This from the which of Easy-Cares Wool Water
the Sorting and Sort to the type and of and Empty the To from and covers and such as Turn clothes from as as and with and items tights) or with with or coloureds and whites the lowest New coloured often this the first and of This the effectiveness of the and the distributed when the the the
the of and The selecting the The should to the type and The the specifications. of and with this withstand actions and high The COTTONS/LINEN this type of C of and with this withstand actions and 40C or 60C. The COTTONS/LINEN this type of such as finished and synthetics with this action. The EASY CARES this type of such as layered synthetics or with this treatment. The DELICATES this type of and of such as or with this The WOOLLENS this type of with washed the they bear the or with the or the Please follow instructions separately" and
and Which and and follow the instructions of the manufacturers. and The amount to the If the specifications loads, third loads, and of the amount of recommended the of of the only lightly Follow the instructions of the and the of of the The the the higher the You the to to the using the the Please follow the instructions the of the of reduce the amount of necessary. the
instructions the following whether the the the the powder/conditioner. the and Press EASY-CARES selector. seconds. the or RINSE HOLD required. You this and the the the finished: If the with the PUMP OUT, SPIN or SHORT SPIN. the the the selector. The then switched off. the and off the supply when the finished. Loading the Sort and to type. information of the of and the of the the the following chapter. the closing the catch of or the
the as as instructions and and conditioners". Prewash or PRE WASH/SOAKING or STAIN) (and used) the MAX thick and starches the with to trouble-free If starch to instructions. the completely.
Selecting the and the respective type of the rotated clockwise! the to the the the to the easy-cares Press the EASY-CARES button. The EASY-CARES with the COTTONS/LINEN and SOAKING If with other PRE WASH/SOAKING: If the SOAKING
the the or RINSE HOLD the To the the selector. The ON light seconds. the the or RINSE HOLD required: Press the or the RINSE HOLD If RINSE HOLD selected, the the the the of the RINSE HOLD, the the EASY-CARES Other To the prematurely: selector. the clockwise to PUMP OUT. selector. of cycle/removing the The normally with the PRE WASH/SOAKING: PRE WASH PRE WASH, the as the automatically. the
SOAKING separately, the first and then the as Release the SOAKING or the clockwise to PUMP OUT the as the first or the Release RINSE HOLD the clockwise to SPIN or SHORT SPIN becomes to the selected and the or clockwise to PUMP OUT the completed: the the the The ON light extinguished. off. the finished, the that the while. This to and to the the the and off the supply when the finished.
The following the commonly and of washing, C Easy-cares Wool about of clothing with the they bear the or (or COLD, WOOL STAIN MAIN WASH QUICK WASH STAIN STAIN MAIN WASH QUICK WASH STAIN EASY-CARES MAIN WASH QUICK WASH COLD, DELICATES Additional
of Easy-cares EASY-CARES Wool softening/starching of Easy-cares EASY-CARES Delicates Wool of Easy-cares EASY-CARES SHORT SPIN Wool SHORT SPIN Additional RINSE GENTLE RINSE Additional CONDITIONER GENTLE RINSE Additional SPIN
prewash of PRE WASH/ COLD, SOAKING Easy-cares EASY-CARES of SOAKING Easy-cares EASY-CARES SOAKING PRE WASH/ COLD, SOAKING Additional Additional SOAKING
and Cleaning the finished the that the while. This to and to the the the and off the supply when the finished. household or cleaners to the and operating the operating with cloth. and the should cleaned. the as as the firmly. the suction Clean the suction Clean the with bottle the suction that tightly. Clean the with the the and Suction
The from the which to the clean the with containing scouring containing or or the with cleaning there or the the and them. Precautionary the of of frost If the located where below C the following Turn off Empty the Carrying Disconnect the and Cleaning
Troubleshooting The whistling when to which to the If and the charge the flows or The the too The the connected. The of the household the Appliance switched Switch the selector). The correctly closed. The closed. the The hose The There the Water the because there the outlet hose or the too used. the hear as Unscrew the hose from the the and flowing the to the and instruction. This the from functioning correctly. that the hose correctly and the or the and necessary from the housing. as as the recommends.
Water from the with Appliance the sufficiently, there the The The hose tight. the hose and The hose The cover tight. caught the Suction the correctly or RINSE HOLD selected. RINSE HOLD. SOAKING terminated. There the outlet the height height from the of the exceeded. The Clean the blocked. The to reasons caused with high Troubleshooting Tighten the hose Tighten cover turning clockwise. Abort the the caught the Clean the the suction firmly. and the as Please AEG Service Force heights Switch off the and the of the the termination This the If
Troubleshooting the If the satisfactory If the and the Incorrect used. pretreated. or correctly. using the the If there the with ointments, grease or washed with The selected the too that with the these of as as and the If the the The nevertheless sufficiently If there white the These insoluble of They the of the or off. Turn the choice of possibly The the The hose Clean the The the hose from the and
Carrying emptying Warning! the from the supply the If the the emptying Warning! The which flows of the emptying hose First allow the to cool to catch the the the of the and Release the emptying hose from its the emptying hose to catch the Release the of the emptying hose turning clockwise and The the amount of to the catching the To this, temporarily the emptying hose with the the completely: and the back the emptying the emptying hose back and catch to the the the and the completely empty, the KO function correctly. Therefore the of through the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Cleaning the Warning! Switch off the and the of the cleaning the emptying section "Carrying the front of the cover of the Unscrew the cover of the twisting anti-clockwise and which the housing. whether the of the turned. (It the to If the turned please AEG Service Force the cover the the the and screw tightly clockwise the emptying and the
Technical Height with the Height Empty the of household when when rating Water This with the following EC 73/23/EEC of 89/336/EEC of EMC including the 92/31/EEC supply Please to the rating about the supply. The stated the rating and type of with the and type of the of to the rating the required. Information the the without that this correctly. Please follow the information the and instructions" section
Service If carrying the there with please AEG Service Force customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning to Please type of telephoning. to know. and telephone Clear and of the What the the The and of purchase. This information found the rating these to write them below. PNC.................................................... S. Customer AEG or further information AEG products please Customer Customer AEG Appliances High Slough, SL1 1DZ
C hot/cold Customer Emergency emptying KO Pre-wash Service Synthetics coloured easy insufficiently lightly normally starching Water Wool
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG