LAVAMAT information
Dear Customer, Please this user information and to to Please the information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions of the the first and the Switching the appliance/selecting the speed/selecting Selecting RINSE TIME SAVER. PRE WASH. STAIN SENSITIVE the Starting of the cycle/removing the Child Cleaning and What to Remedying If the satisfactory Carrying Technical
and instructions information concerning the Transporting the Removing the Where to the Connecting the to the supply Water Water Warranty Customer Service Service and
Instructions to the the first Follow the and instructions If the the winter months when there the hours using the first Correct The the of Additions or to the ted. that The The of the cleaning. the the of these products this. Child from There of suffocation. Children often the associated with Dont allow children to the pervised. that and the of the The of death
Repairs to the only authorised service the when the or the or plinth to such that the of the openly Switch off the to cleaning and carrying the from the or the hard-wired switch off the the or completely the If operation the from the and off the the from the the the and used. overheating fire the with of with high the the become emptying of the cleaning the or the emergency, the cool and hoses. This of and from the
of the plate Screw feet (height HOLD DOOR Additional DELAY TIMER START/PAUSE OVERDOSING Plinth
ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/LINEN MIX EASY-CARES EASY IRON DELICATES WOOL/SILK (Hand-washing) COLD RINSE DRAIN SPIN REFRESH with or the of EN and IEC the chapter Recommended however with somewhat reduced clean- STAIN only from upwards, as becomes effective higher Additional TIME SAVER RINSE PRE WASH SENSITIVE STAIN RINSE HOLD
which washes C lightly to normally whites or coloureds of normally to heavily whites/coloureds of which indicated Items which to their normally washed C or C, together this this the used, Achieves the of easy-care and synthetics. which washes C easy-care which using this to lightly or such as to If together with RINSE HOLD, with clothing. Specially and washed from the following and following or of hand- which washes C, of worn-once, lightly clothing or clothes. The the the Application/Features
the first the of through the the This the when the and the function properly To production-related from the and the first without COT- TONS/LINEN the TIME SAVER of and Empty the covers to to the from or them with or and items tights, and other items containing wires should only The wires and the ance. Sorting white and coloured type of and with the the
the the the the the switched the DOOR and START/PAUSE tors whether the and and items. caught the and the the catch that household with the instructions. instructions the The amount of the of the the of the If the with to of half-load third and the the amount of that recommended DOOR START/PAUSE Can the flashing or nated pressing the START/PAUSE or flashing or and/or too high
Water should from The amount of then that as with information about the as as the the the Conditioner/Wash-care products to the of garments/Starch the If using and the right the pre-wash the top of the the the products to the of starch the to than the MAX to thick with the structions them. starch. If using using the the or
Switching the appliance/selecting the and the selector. The switched lecting The shows the that the selected The tion appears the the speed/selecting The the the selected You reduce this To this, the HOLD repeatedly the The the the To this: Press the START/PAUSE the Press the START/PAUSE RINSE HOLD With RINSE HOLD the to the the The intermediate the and
Selecting If required, button(s). The If flashes the the selected together with the RINSE the ENERGY SAVING, COTTONS/LINEN, DELICATES, EASY-CARES and EASY IRON of TIME SAVER lightly items. PRE WASH pre-wash the that follows automatically; with COTTONS/LINEN and EASY-CARES, without DELICATES. STAIN heavily or the the the Can of 40C and upwards as only become effective higher SENSITIVE Increased effectiveness of the to the together with when washes necessary, of
the the DELAY TIMER the of to of hours Select the Press the DELAY TIMER repeatedly the shown the to the of the hours. The DELAY TIMER If the showing and the the appear the of the that To the the START/PAUSE The to the of the continuously shown Starting that the turned Select Press the START/PAUSE The started, or the counted If the START/PAUSE E40 flashes the the END flashes and the tic sounds the correctly the closed and the START/PAUSE The shows the that currently The shows the the of the The increase or the while the of the as the to tions type of and of
the START/ PAUSE and START/PAUSE To the to OFF. of the as as the DOOR Press the START/PAUSE The the and the START/PAUSE The of the cycle/removing the At the of the END lights the The as as the DOOR the and the Turn the to OFF. the the to to the slightly that the If RINSE HOLD selected: the END lights the The first Either the to OFF, then to DRAIN and the START/PAUSE (the without or the to OFF and then to SPIN. the and the START/PAUSE (the and the If the OVERDOSING too the The the instructions concerning amount of required, and the amount of items
Child If the child activated, the Activating the child to the the of the clockwise rection as as Warning! The otherwise the child The as shown the Deactivating the child Turn the anti-clockwise as as
Cleaning and products or cleaners to the and with cloth. Cleaning If to should from to This reduce and the from the The should cleaned regularly. the firmly. the from the Clean with the as as that Clean of the the the top of the chamber, with the the and the to the or containing the with containing or or the with cleaning without to off cleaning COTTONS/LINEN the TIME SAVER of
and whether or the of the or the of the Clean the the and the regularly. What to Remedying If of the of the following shown the E10 with the inflow), E20 with the outflow), E40 please the following the the START/PAUSE the of other and or Switch the off and then the Press the START/PAUSE If the appears please Service Force the The closed. pressed, appears the E40 appears. The END flashes and acoustic sounds or Loading closed properly. The START/PAUSE enough. The child activated. The selected function combined with the The closed properly. the to Check there should click. Press the START/PAUSE of Deactivate the child Select another function. the properly. the
E10 appears. The END flashes and acoustic sounds with inflow.) The when operating or Water from the foaming excessively. At the of the the The OVERDOSING lights E20 appears. The END flashes and acoustic sounds with inflow.) turned off. Turn the The the threaded hose Water with or faulty. The The screw correctly items of the Screw the hose hose the cover properly. closed properly. caught the Emergency hose Too used. the hose. the height of Clean the The Turn off the Unscrew the the and the and repaired, necessary. the the as the and instructions. the as as and items. Screw the hose tightly. the off hose properly. Follow the instructions exactly when Please service. Switch off the the Clean the from the housing.
the of The when the switched heavily creased. If the satisfactory The and there the Too used. incorrect used. pre-treated. The or properly. There the Items that with ointments, or washed too The too that the type with the such as as and when the following the to created the of this, the sufficiently the correctly attached or locked. There the off). The to Possibly too loads. loaded. Clean the the firmly. the DOOR The when the To If the first off the the section Carrying
There white the What insoluble which They the of or the If the choice of with to Carrying Warning! to carrying switch off the and the from the Warning! The that of the hose There of scalding. the the plinth and the neath Then the turning anti-clockwise and The If to the than once, the hose with the while the the the hose and clockwise the hose the the plinth and
The maintenance-free. It to the there malfunction and the the please that there the or the items to washed. which their the with the the housing that protects the Warning! the cover of the switch off the and the from the cloth the front of the cover of the Unscrew the cover clockwise and and from the housing and from the whether the wheel right the back of the hous- turn. (If the rotates with motion, this If the wheel turned, please Service Force the cover. the the of the cover the and the turning clockwise tion. off the hose and the the plinth
The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: finished its life, the from the off the and and of them. the This children from themselves and their
Technical This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive when of Plate Water The obtained They household COTTONS/LINEN ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES DELICATES WOOL/SILK (Hand-washing) The with the EN loads. with or of EN and IEC from those the and of the and its the type and of used, fluctuations and options lected. Water
and instructions information concerning This built-in the first the while transported. that to the the of to the to the of the the the first when caused to the or to neighbouring or the the first splash protection completed. Removing the correctly shockproof If hard-wired: hard-wiring to the to the the first that the rated and the rating match the and where the to The tection to found the rating If the the of the to the supply, this plumber. If the electricity supply the of the to the electricity supply, this The Service Force
the the Warning: The heavy. There of injury. when the the its front its right (as from the front). the without the the when the its of installation. Transporting the without the of the to the the the when the plinth. trolley to the the trolley the of the Removing the to the of the to the the first the when the to house). the hose located the of the and the hoses and the hose from the with
both sideways. and and C with the to screw and the Turn C as shown the C to the to the screws E. to the four screws F. G. Screw the four screws to the Press items) and C that they the rear Where to The operated where there of frost. There of frost or the of the covered the warranty. The which the to firm and the or coverings. The which the to and and from grease, that the
If the location which the to with small-format the shops) the If the to base: the to the base, fixing mounted, which the If the to which the as as to of the Screw board least thick) least of the the The four of the pre-adjusted. of individually the height screw the to this. of or such to the the height screw instead.
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. WARNING! off serious (shock) that the off of
the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth This with the the EEC rective AC: rating rating further information. This VDE of electricity authorities This conforms to EEC Directive 82/499/EWG terference. WARNING! Repairs to trained repairs to serious the Connecting the to the supply This connected to the supply. connecting the hose the to the supply. or the of DIN1986 and DIN1988. or crush the hose or The least and of If than reduction If than Disconnect the of the hose from the and the flow the and the the
Water hose with the If hose required, hoses from the to used. Service Force hose of the of the threaded hose or included as other threaded hose hand. the hose with the right-an- to the the hose it to the right or the as shown the the hose with the straight to with (inch) screw thread. the and that
Water Drainage The hose should the the hose the supplied. The should internal of approximately there the hose and It to the hose without that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose with hoses of and from Service Force If the that the hose the and with required. the hose upwards to from the the The of the hose the pumped-out the back the
heights of The to to height of from the which the If height malfunctions and age to the obtained. Please Service Force
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Ausland Further service overseas these countries own Please further service as
Customer Service U.A.E. Universal P.O. Service East The VIC www.andico.com.au A.A. Sons P.O. E.O.O.D. Sofia Sons P.O. Service Telephones: Paphos EE0006 Household P.O. EURO-LINE Appliances Winston PARK L6H 5V1 (South) Core Incorp. 3/F D.O.O. P.O. Assaferi P.O. LV-1012 ITC International White House Building Mountbatte Street World P.O. Street AEG NAMIBIA (PTY) Street Northern New Corporation New WATTAR CO. P.O. Direct ARIAN International AEG as Showroom: Service:
Service Street New Appliances Warehouse Building Thailand Olympia Tower, Thailand KFT 49A/B, Unit S.R.O. ELECTROLUX SPOTEBIE CZ DIVIZE ELECTROLUX S.R.O. Customer Co D.O.O. South Africa AEG P.O.
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances AEG Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without