LAVAMAT ELECTRONIC information
Customer, Please this information to the section "Safety" the first Info Please this user information reference. to owners of the The and /or (Warning! information which or the functional reliability. It that this information This through the operation of the ance. Next to this information and the and information and of the with the clover which this information information to these yourself. the section "What to Printed acting
Instructions Unit and Conditioners Option and the First Sort and of and and Which and and Water instructions and closing the the the Speed/selecting RINSE HOLD the the the
Cleaning and What to Remedying If the satisfactory Carrying Additional (RINSE+) Child and instructions of the Transporting the the
Water Water inflow Water heads Technical Warranty Customer service Service
Instructions Instructions The aspects of AEG comply with accepted technical and the Appliance However, as as responsibility to inform about the following instructions. the to the and Instructions" further this information. If the winter months the hours operation. Correct The If the or the Additions or to the strictly to reasons. which to the instructions. The bear this when the dry-cleaning. the the of these products. from the or service the DIN and DIN covered the warranty! If the to frost emptying there of frost the Section "Carry- emptying).
of Children and Infirm of suffocation! from The children or infirm without Children Therefore, that they properly operation and allow to with the -there that they themselves that children or the of the the lock, off the supply and of the and This that children themselves and Repairs to the only specialists. Incorrect repairs to the If repairs necessary, service or the the or the or that the of the openly Switch off the carrying cleaning, and the of the or, permanently connected, switch off the the household or completely the screw-in If the from the and off the the to the from the the couplings and used. There of fire with overheating! the with of shock! The the becomes the of with high Instructions
Instructions Allow the to cool carrying emptying or cleaning the the and hoses. of shock and of from the of the of the of correctly. environmentally-compatible and with internationally ations: >PE< >PS< cushion CFC-free) >POM< from and should the recycling. of of please to recycling or to
pre-wash the of which excessively This and (and the If the indicated of, the loads, only to third of the recommended and amounts of to You then slightly to normally with the There often the once! If become and without the of to high to upwards, and should The then Instructions
Instructions Unit and Screw (height-adjustable) and Conditioners and plate front of Pre-wash In-wash products or finishers,
The to the of and the to the type of OFF Switches the off other the To selected the to OFF. This the COTTONS/LINEN Cottons/Coloureds from C to C. speed/RINSE HOLD option START/PAUSE DOOR light Instructions
Instructions EASY-CARES easy-care C or C. EASY IRON 40C easy-care which, with this light or DELICATES C or 40C. WOOL/SILK (Handwash) or C) or items and carrying the (Handwash). GENTLE RINSE to hand-washed items from DRAIN of the (without The of that the to the without SPIN of the and or ENERGY SAVING and C lightly to normally Cottons/Coloureds with combined with the QUICK option).
Option The option buttons to the to the of of the The options normally The combined together, the PRE-WASH pre-wash the which automatically; intermediate the COT- TONS/LINEN and EASY CARES intermediate the DELICATES STAIN heavily or In-wash treatment products the as the Can only selected with of C and as treatment products effective higher QUICK Shortened lightly With the WOOL/SILK (Handwash) the option buttons used. buttons that Instructions
Instructions and The following the selected The however, helpful household COTTONS/LINEN ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES DELICATES WOOL/SILK (Handwash) testing with EN60 from the indicated type and of used, and option selected. the the slightly. about of through the the With the this the and the function correctly. the without (COTTONS/LINEN C, with the amount of This from the and Water
Sort and Sort the to the and type and Empty To to the and and covers closed, of Turn with layered the of coloured and with and with attached: and items tights and cushion with or with or burred, or or Coloureds and white items washed together This white or There often coloured items. It to such items the first and items. This the and the favourably distributed the the to the instruction and Instructions
Instructions of and to choose the should type, and to their The indicated the the and items with this to or high The COTTONS/LINEN this type of and items with this to The COTTONS/LINEN this type of Easy-Cares such as and with these treatment. The EASY-CARES/ EASY IRON this type of such as synthetics, and with this treatment. The DELICATES this type of and and with these to The WOOL/SILK (Handwash) this type of with the (Not should washed the
and Which and and which follow the instructions. and The amount to the of the the of the supply the If the of the loads, third and, the of and EASY IRON, the amount of recommended to the instructions and Water to high II upwards), should to the instructions. Then the amount of The information the Since the the of the stated of shown the Water to II III IV than than Water Instructions Water
Instructions instructions consists of the following the and the the the the and using the options as required. the RINSE HOLD as necessary. the the START/PAUSE the If the with DRAIN or SPIN the the and the The the DOOR light off and the END light To switch off the the to OFF.
and closing the To the the To the the switched the DOOR light and the START/ PAUSE light whether the DOOR START/PAUSE Can the to high or high If the END light flashes and acoustic there to with- closing the properly. If this the and the the the the "Sort and information correctly the Sort and the to type. the the of the with closing the items of This and the the securely. flashes flashes about off flashes Instructions
Instructions instructions concerning and Section and the the the as to to the and the the Compartment (If and the right-hand the pre-wash/stain treatment the to the with the Compartment finishers, the the MAX If required, to the MAX starches. amount of the and Compartment Pre-wash or in-wash treatment products the PRE WASH or STAIN options only) or the If or the the Follow the instructions the
the the and options type of Select the and with the selector. If required, the ate option(s): The of the selected option To the selection, another To selection, the Speed/selecting RINSE HOLD To the the or RINSE HOLD: the HOLD the light the (or RINSE HOLD) If RINSE HOLD selected, the to the without If the the to the COTTONS/LINEN ENERGY SAVING EASY-CARES/EASY IRON DELICATES WOOL/SILK (Handwash) The of intermediate the selected and Instructions
Instructions Starting the that the To the the START/ PAUSE The If the END light flashes and acoustic when the START/PAUSE pressed, the closed properly. this the firmly, and START/PAUSE to the the chosen the the the displayed. the or the Press the START/PAUSE Turn the to OFF. The another required. the to DRAIN or SPIN and the START/PAUSE (The or the The temporarily the START/PAUSE It then the the turned to OFF. Selecting option The options QUICK or STAIN selected the started. Press the START/PAUSE Press the QUICK or STAIN button. Press the START/PAUSE The
the The or RINSE HOLD while the Press the START/PAUSE the with the HOLD Press the START/PAUSE The the Once to END the If RINSE HOLD selected, the lights DOOR and END the first Either the to OFF, then to DRAIN and the START/PAUSE (the without or the to OFF, then to SPIN and the START/PAUSE (the and the The the this of the completed, the END light the The the DOOR light off and the END light the Turn the to OFF. the the completed, the slightly, to allow to the slightly to the of the If the the and the from the electricity Instructions
Instructions The the those to selected COTTONS/LINEN Cottons/Coloureds Coloureds COTTONS/LINEN to Easy-cares (Handwash) The amount operates with the EN around of clothes testing with or of EN and IEC the chapter and of least C the STAIN to treatment products effective. Creasing only About of clothes to and easy-care shirts. of C] PRE WASH ENERGY SAVING or STAIN EASY-CARES PRE WASH or STAIN EASY IRON QUICK (or DELICATES WOOL/SILK COLD, options PRE WASH or STAIN QUICK PRE WASH or STAIN QUICK PRE WASH QUICK
Cottons/Coloureds Easy-Cares/Delicates Cottons/Coloureds Easy-Cares (Handwash) of of Instructions GENTLE RINSE SPIN
Instructions Cleaning and cleaning or cleaning to and with cloth. The should cleaned from to the as as it the sharply. the of the Clean the Clean the with from the It to the as as that securely
to the section of the the the top of the chamber. the the and The of Rusting the the clean the with containing scouring containing or or Customer Service the cleaning to or or the the and Instructions
Instructions What to Remedying the of to the with the of the information If Customer Service to with of the or to operating the service technician's of charge, the warranty The The closed. The END light flashes and and acoustic The END light flashes once acoustic once. The the The house the The closed The START/PAUSE enough. The The closed the The closed. the The the of the hose Water with or the There should click. Press and the START/ PAUSE the Release child Section "Child the properly. the the Disconnect the hose from the the and the and repaired necessary.
The END light flashes and and acoustic The when operating, or foaming the The clicked rectly. Transit The There the Water the hose or the too Instructions First the to OFF, then the to the the as the and instructions. the to the and tion instructions. This the tion of the the hose and or clean the and from the hous- It to reduce the amount of used. Follow the
Instructions Water of the the with heavily creased. The as as thoroughly the The END light flashes acoustic The screw of the hose the hose and The hose necessary. The cover the cover correctly. correctly closed. caught the The emptying hose correctly closed or The the correctly attached or too the The to distributed the to The hose the The height height from the of the exceeded. The Clean the the Tighten the hose screw Stop the the caught the the the empty- hose Section "Carry Service Force the tying hose Clean the and the correctly. to the the of easy- the EASY IRON the as as with of and items. Service Force as cessory. Switch off the and the Clean the
The when the START/PAUSE and DOOR lights lights off). of building the The tion the light to high or high The caused house or the house. reasons, the around The the The hose the coupling of the hose the The with high The selected tion combined with the Instructions the the DOOR light off and the END light If to the immediately, Turn the to OFF; then to DRAIN. Press the START/PAUSE ton. the the The when restored. If to Turn the to OFF. Carry emptying Section "Carry about the the the Unscrew the hose from the and from the Clean the This necessary. another selection.
Instructions If the satisfactory If the turned and the then Too used. The used. pre-treated. or correctly. If used, the the If there the with ointments, grease or washed with too that that reached the such and the concerned If the of the the the sufficiently rinsed. If there white the These insoluble of They the of or the should the choice of and necessary
Carrying If the off the If the where there of frost, there of frost. the hose the and the Empty the Warning! Switch off the and the The from the hose There of scalding! Allow the to cool collecting to the which off. the the right section of the outwards and off. the hose from its the the hose. the of the hose turning anticlock- and The the amount of necessary to the collecting To this, the hose temporarily with the Instructions
Instructions the completely the securely the hose and clockwise to the hose its the and The maintainance-free. The cover of the to the of malfunction when the wheel the please that there the or the items to washed. which their the with the the housing protected the wheel). To the when please as follows: Warning! Switch off the and the cleaning the First emptying section Carrying cloth the front of the cover of the Unscrew the cover anti-clockwise motion and and from the housing and from the wheel.
that to the wheel the of the housing. (If the wheel rotates with motion, this If the please service. the cover. Laterally the the cover the and securely screw the cover clockwise motion. the emptying hose and the the Instructions
Instructions Additional (RINSE+) The people who from helpful to with If RINSE+ to the COTTONS/ LINEN, EASY-CARES/EASY IRON and DELICATES the To Turn to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES/EASY IRON or DELICATES Press and the PRE WASH and QUICK the least seconds. RINSE and RINSE+ light the The They Additional increase both and To the Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES/EASY IRON or DELICATES Press and the PRE WASH and QUICK the least seconds. RINSE+ lights the The
Child If the child the closed and started. the to turn the the of the clockwise as as Warning! The otherwise the active. The as shown the the Turn the anticlockwise as as Instructions
and instructions and instructions Precautions the its front or its right from the front). the operation the of please that of the and that the splash protected, the or neighbouring when the correctly earthed the of authorised the operation, that the and type shown the rating plate with those the where the The rating found the rating Should the supply to allow the to connected properly to the supply, this authorised Should the supply to allow the to connected properly to the electricity supply, this authorised The the service or authorised
of the with Transporting the the its front or its right from the front). the without the the the the location. Transporting the without the the the base. the with trolley: the only the It to the the operation. of the both hose the and the hoses and both hose off the with and instructions
and instructions The (A) and the (B) each) and (C) each) with the screw D, including the with the A. Cover the with the C. the they the securely. the screws (E) with the (A). the screws (F). the (G). Screw the screws (F) back the with the (B). the they the securely.
the The clean and free of and other greasy coatings that the as high-veil or with recommended the of the then with small-format of the should of or rather should the screw If, reasons, to the rectly to or coal-fired thermal insulation the and which the the The where there of frost. feed and or If the base, reasons to plates which the The plates from Customer Service the Where the the of with boards, securely screw least thick least If the the of as the optimally strained there and therefore least to to brations. and instructions
and instructions and the height rected with the four screw The height the To the the the the the head of the threa- foot as as the screw that the and The wobble when loaded. If the with Minor of the should of or rather should the
of the type and found the rating The plate located the top the within the which allow of the from the with of least include (threaded from the ground and authorised This with the following EC The Directive" 72/23/EU with The "EMC Directive" 89/336/EU with Water The features which of the and which to the of the authorities Germany: DVGW This that protective the installation necessary. Units connecting to connected to hose the The least If than If than Unscrew the hose the the and the flow (to this, the with pointed and the washer the and instructions
and instructions Water inflow hose of supplied. If inflow hose required, VDE-approved, of hoses with hose screw offered Customer Service Hose of and without Hose of and with to the hoses! the of the hose screw or the other the hose with the to the the hose cally instead to the right or as shown the Tighten the hose screw tion hand. the hose with the straight to with screw thread (inches). the screw manually. the the operation, that the free of
Water The hose to or or or hoses the and then to high). Customer Service hoses of and It to the hose without Water The the hose fits types. the the and with hose Water Water overflow! The of the hose the pumped-out the back the or the hose with the attachable to The back- force of the otherwise force the hose of the the to the or the of heads To off the every which to height of the age from the Please Customer Service heads of and instructions
Technical of rating plate Water
Warranty Customer service Ausland Further service overseas these countries AEG Please further service as AEG AEG. U.A.E. Universal P.O. East P.O. Warranty Customer service Household P.O. EURO-LINE Appliances Winston PARK L6H 5V1 ITC International White House Building Mountbatte Street World P.O. Street
Warranty Customer service ANDI-Co Pty. Town VIC A.A. Sons P.O. E.O.O.D. Sofia Sons P.O. Service Telephones: Paphos EE0006 Services Castle N.T. (South) Core Incorp. 3/F D.O.O. P.O. Assaferi P.O. Street AEG NAMIBIA (PTY) LIM- Street Northern New New Street N.C. B.P. P.O.
Electricity Services-Evis LTD. Appliances Warehouse Building Thailand OLYMPIA KFT (AEG Warranty Customer service 49A/B, S.R.O. USA ANDI Appl. Inc. East Edison, New Corporation P.O. Street P.O. D.O.O. South Africa AEG P.O. P.O.
C the the Child Coloureds Customer Service Easy-cares Emergency Handwash treatment the Pre-wash of frost Warranty coloureds lightly normally Water Wool
Service the chapter "What to which yourself. there first If information there, please Customer Service. (You the and the section "Customer Service the the and the whether service necessary. the PNC and S. You both the rating plate the of the of PNC S. as precisely as What the what the the warranty If the with the of the the section "What to If the service technician necessary the information his and These as Service
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without