LAVAMAT ELECTRONIC information
Customer, Please this instruction the Please the instructions the first of this instruction the instruction reference, and to owners. The warning and or Warning! information that or the tion of the highlighted. It that this information This through the of the This information and using the and information about the and of the with the clover the of malfunction, these operating instructions formation to these yourself. the section "What to Printed acting
Instructions of the Appliance and Conditioners Option and the Sorting and of and and Conditioners Which and conditioners? of and Water instructions and closing the Loading the the Speed/selecting RINSE HOLD Starting the the the
and Cleaning Cleaning the What to Trouble Shooting If the satisfactory Carrying emptying Additional (RINSE+) Child and instructions of the Transporting the Installation-Site the Appliance
Water Water Hose Water Drainage head of than Technical Warranty Service
Instructions Instructions The of AEG comply with technical and the Appliance obligation as to inform about the following information. to the and Instructions" this struction If the the winter months and below the hours operation. The If the other or incorrectly operated, the which It to the specifications or to this which and follow the of the which with should washed. bear this when cleaned the dry-cleaning. and bleaching specifically the of these products. This connected to the supply only. to frost covered the If the located which below emptying "carrying
Child There of suffocation! from This to operated allow to with the or with the and children known to Please the of the off the and the the to children Repairs to Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force the the or the top or allowing to Switch off the and isolate from the supply carrying cleaning or If the of of from the the to the from the the and used. There of overheating! the with There of shock! high the of the become Allow the to cool cleaning the carry- emptying or the and hoses. This to the of shock and to the ance and property. from the Instructions
Instructions of the correctly. and of without to the and as follows: the outer covering and the >PE< the interior. >PS< CFC-free) >POM< from and should the recycling. of the off the and the the catch to becoming authorised To and and to the that follow these pre-wash normally It to loads. loads, reduce the to thirds. and then the when light to normally areas, the of reduce the amount of necessary.
of the Appliance Screw (height-adjustable) and Conditioners and Instructions plate front of Pre-wash In-wash products or finishers, starch)
Instructions The to the of and the to the type of OFF Switches the off other the To selected the to OFF. This the COTTONS/LINEN Cottons/Coloureds from C to C. HOLD option START/PAUSE DOOR light
EASY-CARES C or C. EASY IRON 40C easy-care which, with this light or DELICATES C or 40C. WOOL/SILK (Handwash) or C) or items and carrying the (Handwash). GENTLE RINSE to hand-washed items from DRAIN of the (without The of that the to the without SPIN of the and or hand-washed ENERGY SAVING and C lightly to normally Cottons/Coloureds with with the QUICK option). Instructions
Instructions Option The option buttons to the to the of of the The options normally The combined together, the PRE-WASH pre-wash the which automatically; intermediate the COT- TONS/LINEN and EASY CARES intermediate the DELICATES STAIN heavily or In-wash treatment products washed the as the Can selected with of C and as treatment products effective higher QUICK Shortened lightly With the WOOL/SILK (Handwash) the option buttons used. buttons that
and The following the selected The however, helpful household COTTONS/LINEN ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES DELICATES WOOL/SILK (Handwash) testing with EN60 from the indicated type and of used, and option selected. Instructions Water
Instructions the First the slightly. about of through the the The the closed and the ECO function correctly. Carry without (COTTONS the of This from the and which manufacturing. Sorting and Sort to the and type and Empty to bunching of and to covers and and such as from Turn with layered Coloured, as as and with should turned and items tights and or pillow with or burred, or or coloured and white together. This white or New, coloured often these the first and items of This and the distributed the
the the such as separately and of and to choose the should type, and to their The indicated the the and items with this to or high The COTTONS/LINEN this type of and items with this to The COTTONS/LINEN this type of Easy-Cares such as and with these treatment. The EASY-CARES/ EASY IRON this type of Delicates such as layered synthetics, and with this treatment. The DELICATES this type of and and with these to The WOOL/SILK (Handwash) this type of with the (Not should the Instructions
Instructions and Which and conditioners? and that follow the instructions. of and The to of of the of of the supply If the the amounts to loads, half-loads third than the amount recommended and and EASY IRON the amount recommended Please follow the and tions and Water to high II upwards) used. to the instructions. Then the amount of Water Authority the of the Water to II III IV than than Water Water
instructions consists of the following the and the the the the and using the options as required. the RINSE HOLD as necessary. the the START/PAUSE the If the with DRAIN or SPIN the the and the The the DOOR light off and the END light To switch off the the to OFF. Instructions
Instructions and closing the To the the To the the switched the DOOR light and the START/ PAUSE light whether the DOOR START/PAUSE Can the to high or high If the END light flashes and acoustic there to with- closing the properly. If this the and the Loading the loads. information about the of the "Sort and Sort and the to type. the the the the when closing the The and the the firmly. flashes flashes about off flashes
instructions concerning and Section and the the the as to to the and the the Compartment (If and the right-hand the pre-wash/stain treatment the to the with the Compartment finishers, the the MAX If required, to the MAX starches. amount of the and Compartment Pre-wash or treatment products the PRE-WASH or STAIN options only) or the If or the the Follow the instructions the Instructions
Instructions the the and options type of Select the and with the selector. If required, the option(s): The of the selected option To the selection, another To selection, the Speed/selecting RINSE HOLD To the the or RINSE HOLD: the HOLD the light the (or RINSE HOLD) If RINSE HOLD selected, the to the without If the the to the COTTONS/LINEN ENERGY SAVING EASY-CARES/EASY IRON DELICATES WOOL/SILK (Handwash) The of intermediate the selected and
Starting the that the To the the START/ PAUSE The If END flashes and and acoustic when the START/PAUSE pressed, the closed properly. this the firmly, and START/PAUSE to the the chosen displayed the the the displayed. the or the Press the START/PAUSE Turn the to OFF. The celled. another required. the to DRAIN or SPIN and the START/PAUSE (The or the The temporarily the START/PAUSE It then the the turned to OFF. Selecting option The options QUICK or STAIN selected the started. Press the START/PAUSE Press the QUICK or STAIN Press the START/PAUSE The Instructions
Instructions the The or RINSE HOLD while the Press the START/PAUSE the with the HOLD Press the START/PAUSE The the Once to END the If RINSE HOLD selected, the lights DOOR and END the first Either the to OFF, then to DRAIN and the START/PAUSE (the without or the to OFF, then to SPIN and the START/PAUSE (the and the The the this of the completed, the END light the The the DOOR light off and the END light the Turn the to OFF. the the completed, the slightly, to allow to the slightly to the of the If the to the and the from the electricity
The the only those to selected COTTONS/LINEN Cottons/Coloureds Coloureds COTTONS/LINEN to Easy-cares (Handwash) The amount operates with the EN around of clothes testing with or of EN and IEC the chapter and of least C the STAIN to treatment products effective. Creasing About of clothes to and easy-care shirts. of C] PRE-WASH ENERGY SAVING or STAIN EASY-CARES PRE-WASH or STAIN EASY IRON QUICK (or DELICATES WOOL/SILK COLD, Instructions options PRE-WASH or STAIN QUICK PRE-WASH or STAIN QUICK PRE-WASH QUICK
Instructions Cottons/Coloureds Easy-Cares/Delicates Reduced Cottons/Coloureds Easy-Cares Delicates (Handwash) Reduced of of GENTLE RINSE SPIN
and Cleaning household or cleaners to clean and operating the operating with cloth. The should cleaned from to the as as the sharply. the of the Clean the Clean the with It to the as as that securely Instructions
Instructions to the of the the the top of the the the and The from the which to the the with containing scouring containing or or AEG Service Force the cleaning With the of washes to of the that To The should of the of to there or the the and them.
Cleaning the and the with the and the and of gather these items and the Therefore the should cleaned least once Warning! Switch off the and the cleaning the First emptying section "Carrying the front of the cover of the Unscrew the cover clockwise and and of from the that to the the of the housing. (If the wheel with motion, this If the service. Instructions
Instructions the cover. the the cover laterally the and screw the cover securely clock- the emptying hose and the the
What to Trouble Shooting to rectify the with the of the instructions If to or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the The The closed. The flashes and and acoustic The END light flashes once acoustic once. The the The house the The closed erly. The START/PAUSE enough. The child The closed the The closed. the The the of the hose Water with or faulty. Instructions the There should click. Press and the START/ PAUSE the Release child Section "Child the properly. the the the hose from the the and the and repaired necessary.
Instructions The when or foaming the Water of the the with Transit The There the Water the hose or the too The screw of the hose the hose and The hose necessary. The cover the cover correctly. correctly closed. caught the The emptying hose correctly closed or The the correctly or the as the and instructions. the to the and tion instructions. This the tion of the the hose and or the and from the hous- It to reduce the amount of used. Follow the Tighten the hose screw Stop the the caught the the the empty- hose Section "Carry Service Force the tying hose Clean the and the correctly.
heavily creased. thoroughly the The END light flashes acoustic The when the START/PAUSE and DOOR lights lights off). too the The hose the The height height from the of the exceeded. The Clean the the to high or high The caused blown house or supply the house. reasons, the around Instructions to the the of easy- the EASY IRON Service Force as cessory. Switch off the and the Clean the the the DOOR light off and the END light If to the immediately, Turn the to OFF; then turn to DRAIN. Press the START/PAUSE ton. the the The when restored. If to Turn the to OFF. Carry emptying Section "Carry about the the
Instructions of building the The pressing tion the light The the The hose the coupling of the hose the The with high The selected tion with the the Unscrew the hose from the and from the Clean the This necessary. another selection.
If the satisfactory If the greyish and the Incorrect used. pre-treated. or correctly. If the the If there the with ointments, grease or with The selected the too that with the these of as as and the If the the the sufficiently rinsed. If there white the These of They the of the or off. Turn the choice of and Instructions
Instructions Carrying emptying If the the emptying If the located which below might emptying Furthermore: the hose from the and off the Empty the Warning! Switch off the and the to Warning! The which flows of the emptying hose First allow the to cool the to catch the the the right of the outwards and off. the emptying hose from its the the the of the tying hose turning anticlockwise and it The the amount of to the collecting To this, the emptying hose temporarily with the the from the the emptying hose and the from the
the completely the securely the emptying hose and clockwise to the emptying hose its the and Additional (RINSE+) The people who from to helpful to with If RINSE+ selected, to the COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES, EASY IRON, and DELICATES the To the Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES/ EASY IRON or DELICATES Press and PRE WASH and QUICK the least seconds. On the the RINSE and RINSE+ lights The It The and To the Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES/ EASY IRON or DELICATES Press and PRE WASH and QUICK the least seconds. RINSE+ off the The Instructions
Instructions Child If the the closed and started. the to the the of the clock- as as Warning! The otherwise the child active. The as shown the the Turn the anticlockwise as as
and instructions Precautions the its front or its right from the front). This to the of the becoming inspect the the and of to serious to the or property. the correctly earthed to this should or that the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating to this should or and instructions
and instructions of the Transporting the the its front or its right from the front). This to the of the becoming the without the and the the the location. Transporting the without the the the the with trolley: the the only. It to the the operation. of the both hose the and the hoses and both hose off the with
The and the each) and C each) with the screw D, including the with the A. the with the C. the they the securely. the screws with the A. the screws F. the G. Screw the screws back the with the B. the they the rear securely. and instructions
and instructions Installation-Site The clean, and Minor of the should of or should the screw If the to heat cooking ance), heat the and the heat the locations where the below Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the
the Appliance and the height rected with the four screw The height of To the the supplied. the the head of the threaded foot as as the screw feet that the and that the or of or To the the and instructions
and instructions to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow: Earth Brown: The coloured and yellow to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. WARNING! off serious (shock) that the off of Cord
the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth This with the following EU EEC February include Notice EEC EMC EEC including Notice EEC. This with the the EEC rective AC: rating rating plate further information. This VDE of electricity authorities This conforms to EEC Directive 82/499/EWG terference. WARNING! Repairs to only trained repairs to serious the and instructions
and instructions Water The with back- of the supply and with thority This to permanently plumbed supply. the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the Appliances connecting to connected to hose the Water The to within the following If than If than Unscrew the hose from the the and the (to this, the with and the washer the the
Hose hose of supplied. If inflow hose required, VDE-approved, of hoses with hose screw from AEG Service Force Hose of and without Hose of and with to the hoses! the of the hose screw or the other the hose with the to the the hose cally instead to the right or as shown the Tighten to force. the hose with the straight to with screw thread (inches) the screw hand. the the operation, that the free of and instructions
and instructions Water Drainage The hose should the the hose the supplied. The should internal of there the hose and It to the hose without that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose covered with hoses of and from AEG Service Force
If the hose from the to that the and the hose the supplied. The of the hose the pumped-out the back the pliance. head of than Every includes the of and which through the hose to height of measured from the which the heads of than please AEG Service Force and instructions
and instructions Technical Height the of rating Water
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Warranty
C the the Child Coloureds Customer Service Easy-cares Emergency emptying In-wash treatment the Pre-wash of frost Warranty Water Wool
Service If carrying the there with please AEG Service Force should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Please type of telephoning. to know. and telephone Clear and of the What the the The and of purchase. This information found the rating these to write them below. PNC Customer AEG or further infor- mation AEG products please or the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Slough, SL1 1DZ to this recorded Service
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without