WA SL1 E100
to the of choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind. The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Instruction information Product Acoustic Child the Measure the and the Select the of Select the Select the or Night option Selected the option Prewash option option option Select option Select the Select the option or
the the At the of the information the Sorting the the Removing and additives Quantity of to of and cleaning each cleaning Water Emergency emptying What to Technical
Positioning and Water Water-stop Water hints Customer service
Instruction information to the first The of ELECTROLUX with the industry and with the of as to the following You MUST them or the It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the You MUST them or using the first the incurred If If the the winter months when there the hours using the first It to the or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as it such items to the and the information
information to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply clean and should to the yourself. inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service the that If it and the Service and Serious to the and to property this section the the that or its hose and If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the
that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the their This or infirm without children should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that children or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the clockwise the information
Product Product effective treatment of with and Compartment prewash The prewash the of the Compartment or If to the Compartment additives starch). Compartment with STAIN-option Three The foot the
Henceforth the the buttons and the indicated with the this TEMPERATURE SPIN REDUCTION OPTIONS OK TIME SAVING START/PAUSE DELAY START
and COLD RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH MAIN WASH RINSE SPIN DRAIN OVERDOSAGE The shows the phases of the selected the phase of the At the of each phase, the the becomes fixed. If the OVERDOSAGE lights the of the that too used. PREWASH STAIN SENSITIVE EXTRA RINSE DOOR locked) This the the the The the off: the The finished. TIME SAVING option
DISPLAY The shows the following information: Duration of the selected selecting the hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the every The selected hours of the appears the about seconds then the of the selected displayed. The DELAY START appear the The every hour and then, when hour, the Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the displayed about seconds and the yellow light of the of operating displayed, E20 chapter What to of the the finished displayed, the DOOR and the DELAY START CHILD SAFETY LOCK
First that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the 95C, without the to from the and of the and the Acoustic The with the acoustic which sounds the following the of the the of operating the and buttons about seconds, the acoustic the of operating these buttons the acoustic reactivated. Child This to the without the that children might or to the This function when the There to this option: the to the the to other or option. To this option about seconds and the CHILD SAFETY LOCK appears (disappears) (from) the
the the the outwards. the the item them as as the You hear closing. Attention! the the and the the and the to reduce and the the amount of required, the and, to the prewash phase, the the If to the function the the If the (the amount the MAX the the gently.
Select the of You choose the right type of following the the Turn the to the The the type of of and the to the type of The light of and the shows the of the selected The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. programme/Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to to switch the off. the of each of the the chapter Attention! turn the to another when the the yellow light of and the the to selection. The the selected Select the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to from the the The each the The of to the NIGHT CYCLE or RINSE HOLD option the selected, the that Press this repeatedly to the to from the the the each the chapter
RINSE HOLD: selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. At the of the and RINSE HOLD appear the DOOR locked) the light of off and the to that the NIGHT CYCLE: selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and selected or with the with At the of the and RINSE HOLD appear the the DOOR the light of off and the to that the To the please chapter At the of the Select the option of and choice of the combined. Attention: Not the options themselves. The of the incompatible options option, which with the or other option, selected, the displayed seconds and the yellow of light You the options selected the the Press the the option appear the To the options, the The appears the and Press the button to and choice. appears the selected to that this option Press the to the option. selecting the options, about seconds the back to the The selected options appear the the this option and the chapter
PREWASH option Select this option to prewashed 30C the The Prewash with COTTON and SYNTHETIC whereas the DELICATE the The appear the STAIN option this option to heavily or with with action phase). This option with than 40C. Attention! If to with the option, SENSITIVE option selecting this the reduced. The the COTTONS and SYNTHETICS. This option with EXTRA RINSE option. This option recommended coloureds items and washed items. Select (EXTRA RINSE) This people with to to the of If to this option permanently every and about seconds: the EXTRA RINSE appears the This option active permanently. If to the buttons the TIME SAVING option The the Normally The shorted of this this the following DAILY: this once the appears the and to the The the shorted To
SUPER QUICK: this the alight the and to the lightly The the shorted To lightly only. Press the START/PAUSE To the selected the the light The DOOR appears the to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, the light of the the displayed about seconds. Select the DELAY START of the to the the repeatedly, to the The appear the The selected to hours) appear the about seconds, then the of the appear You this option the and the You or the the If to the the the to the to the DOOR the closed the the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this Selecting the Select the and the Select the
Press the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. the the to PAUSE the the the displayed; the to the The selected with DRAIN option or It to option the change, the the Turn the to and then to the The the the the the to which the light to the to the Turn the to to which the the First the to the the DOOR the the DOOR off, that the already heating, that the the of the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to the to the and
At the of the The automatically, the light of light off, appears the and the acoustic sounds If choosen or option that with the follow the below instruction to the the to the DRAINING or SPINNING reduce the of the the when the finished the shows On the the DOOR and the Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
of the of COTTONS 95C COLD White and coloured (normally items) HYGIENE 60C white MIX 40C JEANS 60C COLD items SYNTHETICS 60C COLD Synthetic or EASY IRON 60C COLD Synthetic or DELICATES 40C COLD reduction/Rinse hold/Night Prewash reduction/Rinse Prewash reduction/Rinse hold/Night Prewash reduction/Rinse hold/Night Prewash reduction/Rinse hold/Night Prewash reduction/Rinse Prewash reduction/Rinse hold/Night Prewash Red. wash/Rinses wash/Rinses Short Short Short
of the of VISCOSE 40C COLD items DELICATE RINSES washed items DRAIN emptying the SPIN and reduction DELICATE SPIN and synthetic, items WOOL (Handwash) (Wolle 40C COLD the or Handwash LINGERIE 40C COLD handwashed SILK 30C COLD items to washed and reduction/Rinse hold/Night Prewash reduction/Rinse hold/Night reduction reduction/Rinse hold/Night reduction/Rinse hold/Night reduction/Rinse hold/Night Short Short Short Short Short Short
of the of SPORT JACKETS 40C COLD clothes SPORT INTENSIVE (Sport Sport) 40C COLD heavily sportwear items MIN 30C slightly reduction QUICK INTENSIVE 60C 40C To or slightly or once. White and coloured lightly- normally items, shirts, ECO 60C O/ the which or to switch the off. option selected the of 40C or higher. If Select the Option of TIME SAVING, to reduce the as indicated. (Red.load=Reducted Load). however with reduced cleaning reduction/Rinse reduction/Rinse hold/Night reduction/Rinse reduction/Rinse hold/Night Prewash Short Prewash Short Short Short
information HYGIENE MIX JEANS EASY IRON VISCOSE synthetic BLANKET WOOL (HANDWASH) This items, as LINGERIE and SILK The white This the thanks to the 60C and this the action effective. the STAIN and the option STAIN. white and coloured This which should washed 40C or 60C separately. the the to and You the as 60C. With this to items or and with hi-tech (The EXTRA RINSE option activated automatically). Selecting this the washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the such It cleaning action than the HANDWASH as as hand and with the and synthetic items. information
information information clothes. selecting this SPORT JACKETS additives. SPORT INTENSIVE MIN. to lightly QUICK INTENSIVE white/fast and ECO DELICATE RINSES DRAIN SPIN This heavily items. The prewash phase the to NOT to the the of the 30C, to refreshed: once or slightly or This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced emptying the of the with the RINSE HOLD and NIGHT CYCLE option. selecting this the turned to washed and with the RINSE HOLD and NIGHT CYCLE option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to
the Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, or towels, tablecloths, sheets...). Cold the whites and coloureds Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the the
the Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover pillow tablecloth towelling cloth blouse Stubborn and It therefore to them to with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth.
or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with Treat with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the
the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of the treatment the follow the instructions If to the the of immediately of Water classified of Information of the from the or from authority. when medium-high of (from of II). Follow the instructions. The of then to of Characteristic of T.H.
and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. or products to the The should cleaned regularly. the firmly. and cleaning
and cleaning the from the Clean with the as as that Clean of the the the top of the chamber, with the the and it the to the or containing the with scouring containing or or the with cleaning without to off cleaning COTTONS/LINEN or 95C, the of from to the and that the The should inspected and the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: Disconnect the If the cooled the to the to
Release the emptying the and its the and to of when the from the rotating and cleaning
and cleaning the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the the hose with Screw the hose back the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the and to the the that the 0C.
Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the hose. Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the and the and cleaning
What to What to to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. that the light of of the following appears the and the acoustic sound every seconds to that the E10 with the supply E20 with the E40 EF0 activated Once the the to the If the Service The The The closed. E40 the The properly the the the There the Please installation. The the The correctly and the depressed. Please the and the The selected. If the to washed immediately, the The closed. E10 the The hose or E10 the hose The the hose E10 Clean the hose The properly closed. E40 the
The then immediately: The and/or There the Unsatisfactory The of the hose too to section. The hose or E20 the hose The clogged. E20 Clean the option or that with the the or that the phases selected. the option. Select the or the The distributed the Redistribute the Too or too used. the or another whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to the hose The hose with The the or the proparly screwed cleaning action. the back the or screw the Too or used. Increase the or another Stubborn treated to products to the The selected. selected the the What to
What to The The or or the The the The shows the EF0 The the of The released. the DOOR There the Select or to the The and the of the The feet the of the The distributed the Redistribute the there the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the Redistribute the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. activated. the and the Service Force
If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. Technical Water supply included) supply protection What to V/50
Water White Synthetics Wool/ The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the 60C with of the reference the the with EEC please the of the to the the
and the You to that they the to the back to the from the the and the hose from the hose the of the With and the A.
Unscrew and the and the C the and the C the E. the porthole, the hose from the and the the the and the with the the containing the instruction the hose as the Water the with the the containing the instruction
Positioning and the that around the impeded apply coating. try to the of or the If to positioning the to cooker or burning covered with the facing the or the The where the below The hose and the hose Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. screwing the or or the to the foot: The rear foot the of built as shock foot, which why the the back The foot that the high Basically the foot to Water hose and found the the hose from previous to to the supply. This connected to supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of
Installation the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of Water-stop The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the A. Should this the off and to Service to the Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose
The hose to of hose and from Service Information the the rating plate the of the and the chapter Technical that the required, account other the to earthed The responsibility or through to comply with the The supply easily the Should the supply to replaced, this Service the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth This operation
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then Measure to the the of and the of washed.
Guarantee/Customer Service Service service: Industriestrasse Nous service of Service
dachat). influences force o o o Warranty each two-year from the of purchase or to the (with or as proof). The covers the of and The the operating instructions and of to, the incorrectly or the of caused force intervention third or the of
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the orotherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries listed, the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Customer service www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
www.electrolux.ch ANC