WA L2 E100 WA L4 E100 WA L6 E100
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of pleasure the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
Instruction the user information Product First Acoustic Child the the and the Select the Select the or the option option Select the Prewash option Select the option Select the option Select the Duration of the selected Incorrect option selection of Select the Select
option or the the At the of the information the Sorting the the Removing and additives Quantity of to of International and cleaning each cleaning Water Emergency emptying
Something Techinical Unpacking Positioning and Water Water Water hints Customer service
Instruction the information to the first The of ELECTROLUX with the industry and with the of as to the following You MUST them or the It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the You MUST them or the first the incurred If If the the winter months when there the hours the first It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of information
information items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply clean and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that or its supply hose and If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the installation. If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the
that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the their Young should to that they with the The to children of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that children or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the information
information Product effective treatment of with and The ECO allows of and reduces Compartment prewash phase or prewash The prewash the of the The the STAIN-Action phase the Compartment or Compartment additives starch).
reduction Prewash Henceforth, the the and the indicated the with the the First that the and with the instructions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO Then 95C, without the to from the and of the and the
Acoustic The of acoustic which sounds the following the of the the of operating the and about seconds, the these the acoustic reactivated. Child This to the without the that children might or to the This function when the There to this option: to the to other or option. To this option about seconds and the appears (disappears) (from) the the the the outwards. the the item them as as firmly the You hear closing. Attention! the the and the
Measure the and the to reduce and the the amount of required, the and, to the prewash phase or to the function, the or the the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the You choose the right type of following the the Turn the to the The the type of of and the to the type of Cold The light of to and the shows the of the selected The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to to switch the off. Attention! the to another when the the yellow light of to selection. The the selected
Select the or the option Press repeatedly to the to from the the The light light The WA 2L E100 WA 4L E100 WA 6L E100 the allowed each please to the chapter selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the shows flashing, the light the light off and the to that the To the the to the or reduce the of the when the finished the shows flashing. The light off and the option the combined. These selected choosing the and these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the integrated yellow light of flashes and the appears the seconds. the the and the options chapter
Select the Prewash option Select this option to prewashed 30C the The prewash with and synthetic whereas the the The light light Select the option Select this option to heavily or with with action phase). The light light This option with than 40C. Attention! If to with the option, Select the option This option allows to the the once the light and the reduced to On the the Quick: this the light the reduced to lightly or items that or On the the this reduce the The shows the following information: Duration of the selected selecting the displayed hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the every Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the displayed about seconds and the light of flashing.
the of operating displayed, E20 Something of the finished flashing displayed, the light and the light of and the Select the To the selected the light flashing. The light to that the operating. The light to the locked. To which the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the If incorrect option selected, the integrated yellow light of the flashes the displayed about seconds. the lights the light this that the the The light the light the The light off: the The finished. the the light
Select This people with to to the of Press the buttons and seconds: the light the This function manently To the buttons the light off. option or It to option the change, the the Turn the to and then to the the The the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to to which the the First the to The light off and the If the light off and the locked, this that the already heating, that the the of the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to about the to the and this the and to
At the of the The automatically, the light of the off, the sound and flashing appear the If the option selected, the light flashing appear the the light of the off the to that the the To the please the the option Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
of of White MIX Coloured Synthetics Synthetic or Iron Synthetics to and Delicates and specially tested the Wool (Handwash) (Wolle Cold option selected the of 40C or higher. option selected with MIX red./Rinse Prewash, red./Rinse Prewash, Prewash, red./Rinse Prewash red./Rinse Prewash, red./Rinse the the and Short WA L6 WA L2 WA L4 and Short WA L6 WA L2 WA L4 and Short WA L6 WA L2 WA L4 and Short WA L6 WA L2 WA L4
of of items. emptying the with the option. type and reduction of the items, or and synthetics items lightly or once. Refresh White and coloured lightly-heavy items. ECO O/off the which or to switch the off. of Synthethics and Iron Wool and Handwash Refresh Synthethics and red./Rinse reduction red./Rinse Prewash, and WA L6 WA L2 WA L4 of and WA L6 WA L2 WA L4 the
information Iron Wool Handwash ECONOMY OFF/O Selecting this the washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the as as and with the With this to and which washed hand. The followed The reduced emptying the of the with the option. Turn first the to then and washed and with option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to This selected slightly or normally white and items. The and the This allows to To and to switch off the the to selected. information
the the Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, or towels, tablecloths, sheets...). Cold the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the
Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth the
the Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with Treat with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of
(60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the using or without prewash selected. the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. when medium-high of (from of II). Follow the instructions. The of then to of Characteristic the of French T.H.
International International These appear to choose the to 95C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 60C 40C 30C cleaning and high
and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. or products to the The should cleaned regularly. the firmly. and cleaning
and cleaning the from the Clean with the as as that Clean of the the the top of the chamber, with the the and the to the or containing the with scouring containing or or the with cleaning without to clean off cleaning COTTONS/LINEN the TIME SAVING of from to the and that the The should inspected and the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the
to the to Release the emptying the and its the and to of when the from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the and cleaning
and cleaning Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the the hose with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing clean the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the and the
If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the and to the the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE that of the and cleaning
Something Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. that the light of flashes, of the following appears the and the acoustic sound every seconds to that the E10 with the supply E20 with the E40 Once the to the If the Service The The The closed. E40 the The properly the the the There the Please installation. The the The correctly and the depressed. Please the and The closed. E10 the The hose or E10 the hose The the hose E10 Clean the hose The properly closed. E40 the
The then immediately: The and/or There the Unsatisfactory The of the hose too to section. The hose or E20 the hose The E20 Clean the The option HOLD selected. the option HOLD. Select the or The distributed the Redistribute the Too or too used. the or another whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to the hose The hose it with The the emptying hose cleaning the the back the emptying and the back its seat. Too or used. Increase the or another Stubborn treated to products to the The selected. selected the the Something
Something The The or or the The the The the of The released. the light off. There the Select or to the The and the of the The the of the The distributed the Redistribute the there the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the Redistribute the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based using without affecting performance.
If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. Techinical Water supply Height included) Information the the rating the of the Technical (WA L2 E100) (WA L4 E100) (WA L6 E100)
Water White White-colour MIX Synthetics Iron (Handwash) Refresh The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each 60C with of the reference the the with EEC the of the please to the the
and using the You to that they the to removing the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the rear of the With the and the A.
Unscrew and the and the C the and the C the E. the porthole, the hose from the and the the the and the with the the containing the instruction the hose as the Water the with the the containing the instruction
Positioning and the that around the impeded apply coating. to the of or the If to positioning the to or coal-burning covered with the facing the or the The where the below The hose and the hose Please that when the installed, easily the the of breakdown. screwing the or or the to the Water hose and found the the already hoses to to the supply. This connected to supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of
the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the should comply with authority and building regulations of operation of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the Water-stop The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the A. Should this the off and to Service to the Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose
The hose to of hose and from Service This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other the to earthed The responsibility or through to comply with the the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the and earth This operation The supply easily the Should the supply to replaced, this Service
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
Guarantee/Customer Service Service service: Nous service of Service
dachat). force o o o Warranty each two-year from the of purchase or to the (with or as proof). The covers the of and The the operating instructions and of to, the incorrectly or the of caused force intervention third or the of
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the orotherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries listed, the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the home, The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Customer service www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
www.electrolux.ch ANC