WA GLE S7000
to the of choosing first from which with of pleasure the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Instruction the information Product Acoustic Child the Measure the and the Select the Select the or the option option Select the Prewash option Select the option Select the option Select the option Select the Select the option or
the the At the of the informations the Sorting the the and additives Quantity of to of International and cleaning each cleaning Water Emergency emptying Something Techinical
Unpacking Positioning and Water Water-stop Water hints
information Instruction the information to the first The of ELECTROLUX with the and with the of as it to the following You MUST them or the It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the You MUST them or the first the incurred If If the the winter months when there the hours using the first It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of
items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the cleaning and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This It other than those which the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this section the the that or its supply hose and hose. If the please the to allow to freely the that there from hoses and their the installation. If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each information
information the the section the user that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the their children should to that they with the The to children of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that or the To and becoming the the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and The ECO allows of and reduces therefore The prewash the of the The the STAIN-Action phase the Compartment or Compartment additives Product plate
reduction (U/MIN. Prewash that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO Then without the to from the and of the and the
Acoustic The of acoustic which sounds the following the of the the of operating the Prewash and buttons about seconds, the acoustic the of operating these the the acoustic reactivated. Child This function allows to the without the that children might or to the This function when the There to this option: the to the the to other or option. To this option and about seconds the appears (from) the
the the the outwards. the the item them as as the firmly. You hear Attention! Please the items the and the Measure the and the to reduce and the it the amount of required, the and, to the prewash phase or to the function the If the (the amount the MAX the the gently.
Select the You choose the right type of following the the Turn the to the The the type of of and the to the type of The light to and the shows the of the selected The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to programme/Switch OFF the At the of the the turned to to switch the off. Attention! the to another when the the light and the to selection. The the selected the or the option Press the repeatedly to the to from the the The light light The the each the chapter selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the shows flashing, the light the and lights off and the to that the To the the to the or reduce the of the when the finished the shows flashing. The light off and the
option the combined. These selected choosing the and the button. these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the integrated light of the flashes and the appears the seconds. the the and the options chapter Select the Prewash option Select this option to prewashed 30C the The Prewash with and synthetic whereas the the The light light Select the option Select this option to heavily or with with action phase). The light light This option with the Prewash and with than 40C. Attention! If to with the option, Select the option this the reduced. The the and Synthetics. The light light This option recommended coloured items. This option with the
Select the option This option allows to the the this once the relative light and the reduced to On the the this the light the reduced to lightly or items that or On the the to reduce the to and to synthetics and The shows the following information: Duration of the selected selecting the displayed hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the every The selected hours of the appears the about seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The appear the The every hour and then, when hours the
Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the displayed about seconds and the light flashing. the of operating displayed, E20 Something of the finished flashing displayed, the light and the light and the the To the selected the the light flashing. The light to that the operating. The light to the locked. To which the button: the light to flash. To the from the which the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, the light of the flashes the about seconds.
Select the the to the the repeatedly, to the The selected to hours) appear the about seconds, then the of the appear You this option the and the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this If to the the to the then the light off the the the and Selecting the Select the and the options Select the the its hourly countdown. The the selected the the to PAUSE the once the displayed; the to the The selected selecting the The throughout the If to the first the to PAUSE the and then the DOOR light off. closed the the The selected with
the the lights the light this that the the The light the light the The light off: the The finished. the additional the light Select This people with to to the of Press the and Prewash buttons seconds: the light the This tion permanently To the buttons the light off. option or It to option the the the Turn the to and then to the the the The the the to which the light to flash. the to the
Turn the to to which the the the to the If the light off, the If the light off and the locked, this that the already heating, that the the of the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to about the to the and closing the necessary to the and the options and to At the of the The automatically, the light and the light off and flashing appear the The sounds. If the option selected, the light flashing appear the the light off and the to that the the To the please the the option Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
of of White heavily Coloured normally Coloured and synthetics normally MIX Synthetics Synthetic or Synthetics Iron Synthetics to washed and Handwash) Wool (Wolle Cold and bearing the option selected the of 40C or higher. If the SUPER QUICK option of TIME SAVING to reduce the as indicated. however with somewhat reduced cleaning Prewash, Prewash, Prewash, Prewash, Prewash, Prewash, the the the Short Short Short Short
of of washed items. emptying the with the option. and the Refresh items, or and synthetics items lightly or once. ECO White and coloured lightly- mormally items the which or to switch the off. of and Synthethics and Iron Wool (Handwash) Refresh option Synthethics/Delicates option Prewash, Short of Short the
informations informations Iron Wool (Handwash) Refresh ECO To and to switch off the turn the to selected. Selecting this the and to creasing. this Furthermore the as as and with the With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced the Reduction button. emptying the of the with the option. Turn first the to then and the washed and with option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to This selected with the following Reduction and This slightly items. This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to efficiency
the Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, or towels, tablecloths, Cold the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the the
the indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth
Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with Treat with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with the
the and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of
of Water classified of Information of the from the supply or from authority. when medium-high of (from of II). Follow the instructions. The of then to of Characteristic the of French T.H.
International International These appear to choose the to 95C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 60C 40C 30C cleaning and clean high
and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from washing, and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. or products to the The should cleaned regularly. the firmly. and cleaning
and cleaning the from the Clean with the as as that Clean of the the the top of the washing-in chamber, with the the and the to the or containing the with scouring containing or or the with cleaning without to off cleaning COTTONS the of from to the and that the
The should inspected and the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to Release the emptying the and its the and to of when the from the rotating and cleaning
and cleaning the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and children to Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the the hose with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the Whe the the back the Empty the the flowing
the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the and the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the and to the the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE that of the and cleaning
Something Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. operation that the light flashes, of the following appears the and the acoustic sound every seconds to that the E10 with the supply E20 with the E40 Once the the to the If the Service The The The closed. E40 the The properly the the the There the Please The the The correctly and the depressed. Please the and the The selected. If the to washed immediately, the The Child selected. Deactive the Child The closed. E10 the The hose or E10 the hose The the hose E10 Clean the hose The properly closed. E40 the
The then immediately: The and/or There the Unsatisfactory the The of the hose too to section. The hose or E20 the hose The clogged. E20 Clean the The option selected. this option. The distributed the Redistribute the Too or too used. the or another whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to the hose The hose with The the emptying hose cleaning the the back the emptying and the back its seat. Too or used. Increase the or another Stubborn treated to products to the The selected. selected the the based using without affecting performance. Something
Something The The or or the The If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The the of the The released. the light off. There the Select or to the The and the of the The the of the The distributed the Redistribute the there the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the Redistribute the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the
Techinical Water supply included) Information the the rating the of the
Water White Synthetics Wool (Handwash) The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each 60C with of the reference the the with EEC please the of the to the the
and using the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With the and the A.
Unscrew and the and the C the and the C the E. the porthole, the hose from the and the with the the the and the with the the containing the instruction the hose as the Water the with the the containing the instruction
Positioning and the that around the impeded apply coating. to the of or the If it to positioning the to or coal-burning covered with the facing the cooker or the The where the below The hose and the hose Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. screwing the or or the to the Water hose and found the the already hoses to to the supply. This connected to supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of
the hose correctly the positioning the hose, to tighten the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of Water-stop The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the A. Should this the off and to Service to the Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the emptying. This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose
The hose to of hose and from Service This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other the to earthed The responsibility or through to comply with the the of that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth This operation The supply easily the Should the supply to replaced, this Service
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.ch ANC