www.electromanuales.com WASHING MACHINE ZWF ZWF GB INSTRUCTION BOOKLET WEB SITE to www.video.uk.electrolux.com
www.electromanuales.com Information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to the functioning of the and the These the of You MUST them or the This heavy. should when It to the or to this and Serious to the and to property this to. section instructions. to this should or to this should or to that the the supply If the please the to allow to freely. that there from hoses and their the installation. Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and known to Please The becomes the from the vicinity of the whilst operation. from of reach. the and off the the section the instruction which to washed. If the the clothes. that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. such as screws, or other and the which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the items such as or as such items to the and the the of to the to the of and should of their please with the of the item the porthole slightly washes to the should to the yourself. inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
www.electromanuales.com the Information New of the Appliance Child The the Measure the the Switch the and the Select the or the option Select the options the to its to its to the the of of Which which The following found the to throughout the instructions: and Cleaning each cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the The of Emergency emptying Something Not Service and Conditions the Instructions Technical Specifications Unpacking Positioning Water Water the of the to the Instruction instructions and information
www.electromanuales.com New effective treatment of with and washed the amount of to the and type of cooling of the to 60C with the 95C This reduces thermal shock to to creasing. The with its treats with The that the when hints To and and the that follow these hints: Normally without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed Measure to the the of and the of washed. with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the distributed the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the manually and information the section headed Something Not Working. the of the with the with Council or Health Office to there re-cycling this the to scrapped, off the supply and the to from trapped to country authorised The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the to the
www.electromanuales.com of the Appliance This effective treatment of with and The of selecting the and the options offered this customised The cooling of the from to 60C reduces thermal shock to to creasing. The ECO allows of and reduces The Prewash Child This incorporates child to children from trapped the To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
www.electromanuales.com The The the following Synthetics Wool (Handwash) and Reset/Switching the off The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. E- to the ENERGY SAVING and synthetics and to programme/Switching off of the to At the of the the turned to to switch the off Attention! If the to another when the the warning appears seconds the while the sounds IMPORTANT! the and about the acoustic deactivated the of the when selecting the and of incorrect option selection these buttons the acoustic reactivated. Press this repeatedly to the to from the the or to choose the option. The light light the ZWF and ZWF synthetics and Wool: and when choose this option, the the of the as to crease the At the of the the light of the the light and the light (the locked) to that the flashing appears the To the there emptying Select the without
www.electromanuales.com Select the of the and then the The and the the selected Attention! selecting the or the the to turned to the Night choose this option, the the of the as to crease the phases this and or with On and synthetic the with At the of the the locked, the light of the the light the light of Night and the light to that the and flashing appear the To the there emptying Select the without Select Select the of the and then the The and the the selected Attention! selecting the or the the to turned to the O This option selected heavily If this the intensity increased and the prolonged the selected type of This option selected with and synthetic and with option. Option Press this to the following options: Prewash this option to prewashed the Wool and The prewash with and synthetic whereas the the only this option that slightly Wool, and The reduced to the type of and the selected This option selected with This option selected with the and The to the selected This option recommended people who to and where the The Prewash the and the options selected together of the The following of information shown the Duration of hours and selected While the the button), the displayed
www.electromanuales.com The with the the of with the or Night option: this indicated flashing The light and the locked. The completed the this indicated flashing The reappear when switch the the turning the to the O The light off and the The first the when switch flashing and warning This to the fact that the the inspection tests, and this its indicated hours and selected of the hours). The displayed seconds, then the of the selected reappears. the the countdown and the every hour and then, when the You the of the selected to hours hour incorrect option selection this indicated the when function incompatible with the selected. The incorrect selection indicated the operation the chapter This to the of the selected from hours and then hour to of hours. The selected shown the about seconds; the of the reappears. You this option the and the The shown the every hour.
www.electromanuales.com You the the If already the and to the as follows: the to the the the shows the the The throughout the (the light If to the first the to the The light off and the closed the the This selected the and options, this to the The light the flashing and when this the interrupted. The light the flashing. To the the You the to the phase lights the lights off. the the and the lights and At the of the the light off, the light and the light off. It to the the light the and to
www.electromanuales.com the first that of the of the to the ECO Then 95C, with the empty, to from the and of the and the the the the the item them as as the the the Measure the amount of and the If to the prewash, the the If the without exceeding the MAX the gently. Switch the and the Turn the to the to switch the The the of the selected To switch the off to The light flashing. Select the or the RINSE HOLD option Press the repeatedly, to the or the option. The light light If the option, the the of the with the the ZWF ZWF the options the buttons to the options. The light
www.electromanuales.com If the Night option, the the of the with the the the Press the The light flashing and the and lights and to option or its If the started, the the It to option the only and selecting Turn the to and then to the the the The the To the the to the and the to its Turn the to to which to the the of You the the to PAUSE, the following the the heating phase 55C; the of the high; If these when the the light off and the Should to the light and should to so,switch the off turning the approximately the to the and of the the closing the the and the of At the of the the and The light of the the and lights off and the light The flashing If selected the or the Night option, the lights the flashing the light to that the and the To the there emptying the to the O and then the without or the to the O and then Select the of the and then the The and the the selected the completed the Turn the to switch the off. the from the whether the completely empty, rotating with hand. The of this to items of from the where they might or another of to the supply and the from the the to the
www.electromanuales.com NOT the the the first the The of the items below as Tablecloth Tea Towelling Towelling bath Bath Apron the items with ones. Sort the to the type of and or torn items as they of which screws as these the the and and buttons. It to coloured items when the first together, the lowest White items should washed with coloured items. items ribbons, should washed or the of Bleach should with and of reach of such as to and should treated with products, which found household shops. to the with or New Wool washed the the other of should If the to or only fast there the To with the and and without to that from the Once finished the to and off the
www.electromanuales.com Which To the from to the right and recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to cleaning and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which Fairy. cleaning and COLOURS coloured items should which to clean while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and other LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and which Not there of they Whether chose or or choice. TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the measured the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce synthetics and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce the to of and the
www.electromanuales.com to clothes with the The with the of The easy to the WASHING SYMBOL BLEACHING IRONING DRY CLEANING TUMBLE DRYING Notes the and additives. Once the gently. This WASH ACTION FABRIC Normal Normal Reduced Normal Reduced Reduced Chlorine bleach Cool cleaned. Other and/or beneath the the to the cleaner. with high heat with heat through DO NOT to the the prematurely. using and prewash the the the the prewash finished. White or without or without Colourfast 60C. Polyester/Cotton, with Finishes, Cotton/Acrylic or Colourfast 40C 60C. Acrylics, Wool Wool, Wool Acrylic,
www.electromanuales.com of options Water White White or E60 White and coloured E40 Coloured Synthetics Shirts, Synthetics Iron Synthetics Shirts, Synthetics Acrylic, items, Wool Wool The E60 the reference the the with EEC This purely as indication: the relation to the and type of the of the supply and the The to the highest each reduction/ Night Prewash, Quick, household towels, tablecloths reduction/ Night Prewash, household towels, tablecloths coloured and items, towels, sheets, tablecloths, shirts reduction/ Night Prewash, reduction/ Night Prewash, Coloured items, shirts, reduction/ Night Prewash, reduction/ Night Prewash, reduction/ Night Prewash, Quick, the non-shrink, or reduction/ Night
www.electromanuales.com options Water reduction/ Night emptying the of the with or Night option Short lightly You reduce the of the to to the to Water and reduction reduction/ 30C Short Night the which or to switch the off
www.electromanuales.com and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of (such as cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the
www.electromanuales.com to the to the emptying the and its the cover and to of when the cover. from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the cover the Warning the and the selected there the the the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and children to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to clean from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the Tighten the The of If the where the below 0C, as follows: the from the the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the the formation of and, of the affected the that the 0C.
www.electromanuales.com Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO and the wasted. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the cover and the
www.electromanuales.com Something Not to of or oversights, which easily without Service Force please the below. IMPORTANT: to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the that of the following appears the and the the sounds: E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the the to the If the Service Force Symptom The The closed. E10 The The then immediately The and/or Too or too There the Too or used. Unsatisfactory amount of the and to The closed. E40 The properly the There supply the The or the the The depressed. selected The the hose E10 The hose or E10 The closed. E40 The of the hose too The of the hose There the of the The hose or E20 The or Night option selected. The E20 The hose fitted, correct. Follow the instructions to the The The unbalanced: redistribute the clothes the to allow the to whether there from the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose or securely positioned. The or clogged. The The the emptying hose cleaning the Stubborn treated to The selected. Too the
www.electromanuales.com Symptom The with the or The when The or the The based the using without affecting performance. Service the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. Customer Service Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland To and please The and The distributed the there the The the of the The heating the The the only when the light off. The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the please the the heading Something Not Working. the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service
www.electromanuales.com Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or the below or Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this ZANUSSI ELECTROLUX or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with, authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded Appliances found to within those which to Products of which NOT If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
www.electromanuales.com Instructions It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply to this should or to this should or Technical Specifications DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED (10A) WATER PRESSURE MAXIMUM RECOMMENDED LOAD SPIN SPEED ZWF ZWF CONSUMPTION DATA FOR WASHING KG OF COTTONS with E60 PROGRAMME Water This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications; EEC of Directive) and Synthetics Wool
www.electromanuales.com The the operation. You to the the to the with back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With and the the spacer. Unscrew and the and the C the and the C the porthole and the with the the the and the with the the containing the instruction the with the the containing the instruction the hose as the Water Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other or the to the to permanently plumbed to supply and this connected to existing with the hose The with BSP thread If this with the of the existing installation, of from and plumbers merchants to to existing or plumber. to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the
www.electromanuales.com Water hose and found the the hose from to to the supply. the porthole and the hose the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the should with authority and building regulations The connected to supply. of of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the Water This to permanently plumbed home's of the following Firstly the of the hose the U supplied. the hose which should internal of there the hose and that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of
www.electromanuales.com If hose this below) the U the hose the Onto If the outlet that the hose the and with required, the hose to from the the the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation. mounted to If the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting. Please that when the it easily the the of breakdown. the of the and dishwashers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these to the as this directly or and If further please authority.
www.electromanuales.com to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. WARNING: off serious (shock) that the off of Should the supply to replaced, this Service Force The supply easily the the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth
www.electromanuales.com From the Group. The choice The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world.