LAVAMAT information
Customer, Please this information and to to Please the user information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions of the the first and the Switching the appliance/selecting the speed/selecting Option PRE WASH. TIME SAVER. Activating/deactivating RINSE+. the complete/Removing the Child Cleaning and What to Remedying If the satisfactory Carrying Technical
and instructions information concerning installation the Transporting the Where to the Connecting to the supply Water Water Guarantee/Customer Service Service and
Instructions to the the first Follow the and instructions If the the winter months when there the hours the first Correct The the of Additions or to the ted. that The The of the cleaning. only the the of these products this. Child from There of suffocation. Children the associated with allow to the pervised. that children and the of the The of death
Repairs to the authorised service the when the or the or plinth to such that the of the openly Switch off the to cleaning and carrying the from the or the hard-wired switch off the the or completely the If the from the and off the the from the the the and used. overheating fire the with of shock. with high the the become emptying of the cleaning the or the the cool and hoses. This of and from the
of the Screw (height Additional DELAY TIMER HOLD START/PAUSE DOOR plate Plinth
ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES EASY IRON DELICATES WOOL/SILK (Hand-washing) COLD RINSE DRAIN SPIN of with or of EN and IEC the section Recommended however with somewhat reduced cleaning Additional PRE WASH TIME SAVER RINSE HOLD
60C lightly to normally whites/col- oureds of normally to heavily coloureds/whites of easy-care and synthetics. 40C easy-care which washed using this to lightly or such as synthetics, to With RINSE HOLD that clothing. and from the Not easy-care or items, reduce the following and following or of hand-washed the or items. The the the Application/Features
the first the of through the the This the when the and the function properly To production-related from the and the first without COT- TONS/LINEN the TIME SAVER of and Empty the covers to to the from or them with or and items tights, NOT washed. items should Sorting white and coloured type of and with the the
the the the the the switched the DOOR and START/PAUSE tors whether the DOOR START/PAUSE Can the and loosely. and items. caught the and the the catch that with the instructions. instructions the The amount of the of the the of the If the with to of half-load third and the amount of that recommended Water should from The amount of then that as with information about flashing flashing and/or too high off flashing
the as as the the the Conditioner/ products to the of the If and the right-hand the cycle/in-wash treatment, the top of the the the products to the of starch the to than the MAX to thick with the structions them. If using the the Switching the appliance/selecting the and using the selector. The switched lecting The shows the that the selected the or in-wash treatment
the speed/selecting The the the selected You reduce this To this, the HOLD repeatedly the indicated. The the the To this: Press the START/PAUSE the Press the START/PAUSE RINSE HOLD With RINSE HOLD the to the There the intermediate spin(s). The intermediate the and Option If required, the button(s). The PRE WASH pre-wash the that follows automatically; with intermediate COTTONS/LINEN and EASY-CARES/EASY IRON, without intermediate DELICATES. TIME SAVER lightly
Activating/deactivating RINSE+ If RINSE+ activated, with the COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES/EASY IRON, DELICATES and RINSE. RINSE+ permanently the switched off. Activating RINSE+: Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES/EASY IRON or DELICATES (with the of choice). and the PRE WASH and DELAY TIMER tons RINSE and RINSE+ the RINSE+ permanently activated. to the of RINSE+ the and while the Deactivating RINSE+ Turn the to COTTONS/LINEN, EASY-CARES/EASY IRON or DELICATES (with the of choice). and the PRE WASH and DELAY TIMER tons RINSE+ the RINSE+ permanently deactivated. the The DELAY TIMER allows to the of Select the Press the DELAY TIMER once the to hours. The Press the DELAY TIMER the to hours. The If the DELAY TIMER the The To the the START/PAUSE If of hours selected, the hours the switch and illuminated. of hours the then
Starting that the turned Press the START/PAUSE The or the counted the the of the shown the If the START/PAUSE the END flashes the correctly the closed and the START/PAUSE the START/PAUSE and then the START/ PAUSE To the to OFF. of the as as the DOOR illuminated. Press the START/PAUSE The the and the START/PAUSE The the the finished, END the as the DOOR and the END the the and the Turn the to OFF. Turn off the the to allow to the slightly that the
If RINSE HOLD selected: Following DOOR and END the First the Either the to OFF, then to DRAIN and the START/PAUSE (the without or the to OFF and then to SPIN. the type of reduce the and the START/PAUSE (the and the Child If the child activated, the Activating the to the the of the clockwise rection as as Warning! The otherwise the child The as shown the Deactivating the child Turn the anti-clockwise as as
Cleaning and products or cleaners to the and with cloth. Cleaning If to should from to This reduce and the from the The should cleaned regularly. the firmly. the from the Clean with the as as that Clean of the the the top of the chamber, with the the and the to the or containing the with containing or or the with cleaning without to off cleaning COTTONS/LINEN the TIME SAVER button, of
and whether or the of the or the of the Clean the the and the regularly. What to Remedying If the of the following operation: END flashes with END flashes with outflow), END flashes please the following the the START/PAUSE the of other or flashing the switch the off and the Press the START/PAUSE If the appears please Service Force The closed. The END flashing or with the The The START/PAUSE enough. The child tivated. The closed the to Check the the there should click. Press the START/PAUSE ton Deactivate the the properly. the
The END flashing with the inflow.) The when operating or Water from the Too There of used. The END flashing with the outflow.) The off. Turn the The the hose screw The or faulty. The Removing the The screw correctly items of the The hose screw Tighten the nection The outlet hose The the cover properly. closed properly. caught the The hose There the the hose. The height of exceeded. The Clean the the Turn off the Unscrew the the and clean the and it paired, necessary. the as the and nection instructions. the as as and items. the Screw the hose firmly. Follow the instructions exactly when Please Service Force Switch off the the Clean the from the housing.
with The when the switched The creased. If the satisfactory The and there the used. incorrect used. pre-treated. The or properly. There the Items that with ointments, or washed too The too that the type with the such as as and when the following the to created the of this, the sufficiently rinsed. The the additives correctly or The locked. There the The too items loaded. Clean the the firmly. the DOOR tor and the END The when the To the If the first the the section Carrying the
There white the What insoluble which They the of or the If the choice of with to Carrying Warning! to carrying switch off the and the from the Warning! The that of the hose There of scalding. the cool the plinth and the shallow neath Then the turning anti-clockwise and The If to the than once, the hose with the while the the the hose and clockwise the hose the the plinth and
The maintenance-free. It only to the cover there malfunction and the the please that there the or the items to washed. which their the with the the housing that protects the Warning! the cover of the switch off the and the from the First cloth the front of the of the Unscrew the cover clockwise and and from the housing and from the whether the wheel right the back of the hous- turn. (If the wheel rotates with motion, this If the wheel turned, please Service Force the cover. the the of the cover the and the turning clockwise tion. off the hose and the the plinth
The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: finished its life, the from the off the and and of them. the lock. This from themselves and their
Technical This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive when of Plate Water The obtained They household COTTONS/LINEN ENERGY SAVING COTTONS/LINEN EASY-CARES DELICATES WOOL/SILK (Hand-washing) The with the EN with or of EN and IEC from the indicated type and of used, age and selected. Water
and instructions information concerning This built-in the first the while transported. that to the the of to the to the of the the the first when caused to the or to neighbouring or using the the first splash protection completed. Removing the correctly shockproof If hard-wired: hard-wiring to the to the the first that the rated and the rating plate match the and where the to The tection to found the rating If the the of the to the supply, this plumber. If the electricity the of the to the electricity supply, this The Service Force
the the Warning: The heavy. There of injury. when the the its front its right (as from the front). the without the the when the its of Transporting the without the of the to the the the when it the plinth. using trolley to the the trolley the of the Unpacking The the operation. You to the the to the with the back to the from the
the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With and the the spacer. Unscrew and the and the C
the D. the C the porthole and the with the hesive the the and the with the the containing the instruction the with the the tic containing the instruction
the hose as the Water Where to The operated where there of frost. There of frost or the of the covered the warranty. The which the to firm and the or coverings. The which the to and and free from grease, that the If the location which the to with small-format the shops) the the The four of the of individually the height screw the to this. of or such to the the height screw instead.
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow: Earth Brown: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. WARNING! off serious (shock) that the off of
the of necessary that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth This with the the EEC rective AC: rating rating plate further information. This VDE of electricity authorities This conforms to EEC Directive 82/499/EWG terference. WARNING! Repairs to only trained repairs to serious the Connecting to the The least and of If than reduction If than the of the hose from the and the the using and the the
Water Attention! hose and found the the hose from previous to to the supply. This connected to supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the Water Drainage The hose should the the hose using the supplied. The should internal of approximately there the hose and It to the hose without
that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose with hoses of and from Service Force outlet If the outlet that the hose the and with the hose upwards to from the the The of the hose the pumped-out the back the of The to to of from the which the If height malfunctions and to the obtained. Please Service Force
Guarantee/Customer Service Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. Ausland Further service overseas these Please further service as
U.A.E. P.O. Service East The VIC www.andico.com.au A.A. Sons P.O. E.O.O.D. Sofia P.O. Service Telephones: Paphos Household P.O. EURO-LINE Appliances Winston PARK L6H 5V1 (South) Core Incorp. 3/F D.O.O. P.O. Assaferi P.O. ITC International White House Building Mountbatte Street World P.O. Street AEG NAMIBIA (PTY) Street Northern New Corporation New WATTAR CO. P.O. Direct ARIAN International AEG as Showroom: Service:
EE0006 Service Street New Appliances Warehouse Building Thailand Olympia Tower, Thailand KFT LV-1012 49A/B, Unit S.R.O. ELECTROLUX SPOTEBIE CZ DIVIZE ELECTROLUX S.R.O. Customer Phone: Co D.O.O. South Africa AEG P.O.
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273
H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO Industriestrasse CH-5506 Service, S:t S-105  SK,
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances AEG Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
www.electrolux.com www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk to without