LAVAMAT TURBO VIT LAVAMAT TURBO VIT Washer-Dryer Instruction PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION
customer, Please these operating instructions and tion to the indicated the first that this instruction reference and to owners. The warning and/or the (Warning!, information that or tioning of the This the of the The information with this instructions and the of the and information about and of the with the clover If or please tomer or telephone: with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the because it distributed the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the ually and information the section headed "Something Not Working". Customer AEG/ELECTROLUX Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded Printed People who think ecologically, accordingly....
instructions protection features of washer-dryer of the ON/OFF Mains-on light START/PAUSE DELAYSTART DRYING Option buttons. SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD. PREWASH. STAIN QUICK. EASY IRON. Cancelling/Altering the the started. the first the Sorting and the of of and and additives Which WHITES. NON BIOLOGICAL. COLOUREDS. DELICATE ITEMS LAUNDRY BLEACH. STAIN REMOVER.
which TRADITIONAL POWDERS. TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS. COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS. FABRIC CONDITIONERS. the Load. Drying Duration of the of the Additional to the and Switching the Selection of the Selection of the SPIN SPEED or RINSE HOLD option. Selection of the STAIN, PREWASH or QUICK WASH option. Selection of the EXTRA RINSE option Selection of the DELAY START option Starting the At the of the to Drying only. and (NON-STOP charts chart Drying Cleaning and each cleaning. Water Emergency emptying
Something Troubleshooting Unsatisfactory Technical Service Conditions Instructions installation and instructions the of the and Rear Positioning Water only). Water the of the Building-in
instructions of please this tion or this Repairs to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG/ELECTROLUXService Force the the or the or allowing to the carrying cleaning or operations. the to the from the of the high and the the the carrying emptying or the emergency. Follow the instructions Carry first without (COTTONS with the amount of to from the and the
Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and known to Please the from of reach. of the off the and the the catch to children the and off the This only. If the other or correctly, the that might reasons, the and follow the instructions. which with should washed. and bleaching specifically the of these products. instructions
The with the >PE< >PS< >PP< This that they of them properly authorised to The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused ate of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where chased the
protection To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected the when normally The both and washed, to thirds of the amount of The the With and the then washed
of washer-dryer and the selector. option effectively treating normally items. SOAK heavy items. The 30C. the DELAY START the prolonged to This with WOOL The with the selecting the the the the reduced to or RINSE HOLD the the to creasing. DELAY START to hours to with showing the selected and the phase which of its action, the washes with The to and and Unbalance to
of the
of the Mains-on light ON/OFF C Option buttons Drying START/PAUSE The the type of of the and the to selected to the type of The Easy-cares (Synthetics) The clockwise or anticlockwise.
60E to the ENERGY SAVING The with QUICK). DRYING phase; COLD ON/OFF Press this to switch the Press to switch the off. Mains-on light This light when the ON/OFF pressed, and when START/PAUSE This selected the this to the The light flashing and If selected the DELAY START option, the its hourly countdown. To which the START/PAUSE the information the and the START/PAUSE light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the START/PAUSE DELAY START The from and then hour hour to of hours. The selecting the and the START/PAUSE The indicating the appear about seconds the The of the selected then displayed. the START/PAUSE the its hourly countdown. of the
of the To the the START/PAUSE then the DELAY START the displayed. Then the START/PAUSE to the DRYING TIME If to the the appears the to the or easy to COTTON and EASY CARES from to and the displayed seconds, then the of the appear. Option the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the START/PAUSE button. these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights incorrect option selected, the light flashes conds and the the appears. SPIN SPEED Press this to reduce the of the the the selected or to RINSE HOLD option. The L14710VIT), L12710VIT), easy and and RINSE HOLD selecting this option, the to the from creasing. the finished, the light END the and the to that the
To the DRAIN to the without the SPIN and the SPIN SPEED and the START/PAUSE Warning! The turned first to RESET and then to the DRAIN or SPIN The RINSE HOLD option selected the WASHING DRYING PREWASH The prewash 30C The prewash with and Easy-cares, and with tying of the Delicates. This option with the and with STAIN. when heavily STAIN To heavily or with with action phase, or with than 40C). This function with PREWASH. QUICK this the reduced. when lightly This option with the and EASY IRON Selecting this the washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the instead of and instead of synthetics. This function and Easy-Cares (synthetic) If this option selected the reduce to If this option selected synthetic with of 60C, the 40C. of the
of the The shows the following information: Duration of the selected hours and lated the of the recommended each type of Selected and easy the started, the the finished, displayed. hours the The countdown updated every hour and the hours. indicating the operation selecting the the lights to the phases the the started, only the phase light the finished, the END light To which the to the RESET Warning! which with the (RINSE HOLD option), the first to RESET and then to the DRAIN or SPIN
which To option, first the to PAUSE the START/PAUSE option the select- the option the START/PAUSE to the selected To the selected the to RESET and then choose the START/PAUSE the with the selected and the the the You the the to PAUSE, the following the the heating or phase 55C; the of the high; the If these when the the Should to the and should to switch the off the ON/OFF the to the and of the the the and the ON/OFF and START/PAUSE buttons the the from the where it interrupted. of the
of the Compartment prewash or and The prewash or the of the The the STAIN-Action phase the Compartment or It the of the Compartment additives starch). It the The of additives the MAX the the first first that 95C, without the to from the and of the and the
the Sorting and the Sort the to type of and of and Empty To the from and to pillowcases and covers and such as those of Turn faced items Turn coloured and with and items tights) or closed with or Treat with or or them or of Whites and coloureds washed separately: white items their whiteness. New coloured often to them the first and items together; this the and the distributed them the each
the of Bathrobes Work shirts covers Tea Shirts Pillowcases Night-gowns/Pyjamas Tablecloths of and The to the The should to the type of and the instructions indicated indicated and with this high and with this and washed 60C. with these therefore the these Synthetics (Easy-cares) and synthetic with these and they therefore washed using the Sort of
easy-cares or with these treatment. The DELICATES this type of and items such as or with this to The WOOLLENS this type of with the washed the or If the the the washed! the
the and additives Which To the from to the right and recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to cleaning and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which Fairy. cleaning and COLOUREDS coloured items should which to clean while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and oth- LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and coloureds. STAIN REMOVER heavily to with STAIN- Action, should such as VANISH In- and GloWhite
which Not there of they Whether chose or or TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the measured the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce easy- and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce conditioning the sheets to of and the the
the the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the and Easy-cares Warning: Loads of washed these otherwise obtained. items such as synthetic and with such as and with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the formation of Sort of
Drying the to whether The following to usually Normal (reduced Duration of the The to the the of or the type of the of The indicated the chart. become with the the that to the type of It to of these of the If to the when first START/PAUSE to the to PAUSE. the START/PAUSE to the such as towels, to the to that that the and to each the should and cleaned. the
the Additional Should the too the of the anoth- Warning! To the formation of creases or of
to the the the the item Distribute as as the and the it the If to Prewash, SOAK or STAIN- Action or the STAIN-Action STAIN such as VANISH. the without the MAX the Switching the To switch the the ON/OFF ton: the the RESET three flashing played. If the the of the the flashing
to Selection of the Turn the to the the lights to the phases the selected light Selection of the or RINSE HOLD option It to of the the light to the selected selecting the RINSE HOLD option, the the If the reduced the as follows: (L14710VIT) (L12710VIT) easy or (hand Selection of the option the of of the and the type of The light Selection of the DELAY START option To of the DELAY START the The to the selected displayed about seconds, which the of the selected appear the the START/PAUSE pressed, the selected appear the and the its countdown.
Starting the that the Press START/PAUSE to the If the option selected the the of the countdown. At the of the the END light and the appears E40, that that the the and the START/PAUSE If the option selected the its countdown, hours, which appear the this to other or the other the START/PAUSE the the the and the START/PAUSE the the START/PAUSE Press the DELAY START the appears to Press the START/ PAUSE to the selecting the the lights to the phases the After the started, the phase light The to the of the and appears the to
to At the of the The automatically. appears the The END light the the START/PAUSE light off. Turn the to RESET If the RINSE HOLD option selected the END and the RINSE HOLD lights the to that the the To the DRAIN to the without the SPIN the SPIN SPEED and the START/PAUSE Warning! The turned first to RESET and then to the DRAIN or SPIN At the of the the turned to RESET and the switched off the ON/OFF the from the that the as to items or their of whites. the the to the formation of and to Drying Warning! the loads: and easy-cares. The and the hose the or connected to the the ON/OFF to switch the Select the or easy-cares). the DRYING TIME the appears the
Press the START/PAUSE to the At the of the the to RESET and the ON/OFF to switch the off. the and (NON-STOP Warning! NON-STOP to the of and the and additive. the of the withstand the high the directly the Switch the the ON/OFF Select the Select the options of the buttons. If than that the to too and to than and synthetics. Select the the the START/PAUSE At the of the the to RESET and the ON/OFF to switch the off. the
chart White 60E ECONOMY (Whites) Coloured Wool/Hand COLD with EC the indicated the to the 60E The shown this chart to as only, as the and type of the and the It to the highest each with the Additional functions and sheets, household towels. SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD PREWASH STAIN QUICK EASY IRON SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD PREWASH STAIN EASY IRON and normally to lightly and household SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD PREWASH STAIN** QUICK EASY IRON Coloured or shirts, towels. Synthetic coloured shirts, SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD PREWASH STAIN** QUICK EASY IRON SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD PREWASH STAIN** QUICK Wool, and SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD Water Duration
chart phases Additional tion functions This cot- ton washed to starched or emptying the with the option or the of SPIN SPEED Lightly The shown this chart to as only, as the and type of the and the It to the highest each 30C about Stop with the with additive. SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD EASY IRON with SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD EASY IRON The 30C Short SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD the which Water Duration
chart Drying of towelling items to without Iron The STORE DRY the reference the with EEC of and (bathrobes, towels, and (towels, T-shirts, bathrobes) Easy-cares and blous- household and tablecloths, shirts, Easy-cares and (shirts, household Drying
Cleaning and each At the of the the to the to allow to If the prolonged the and the cleaning With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of (such as Clean the of the with and only. with and or products to the while, and the Clean the from to
Cleaning and To the from the the the corner. To cleaning, the top of the the recess: with toothbrush. the cleaning. to there or the the and them. The collects threads and tently the that the clean. the and of the the Clean the then screwing
Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the To this, the the Clean the with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the or hose clogged), as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled; the the hose the and the Should to to the hose because, the built the slightly the the to the slowly. At the screw the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the hose and the hose the Select the DRAIN and the Turn the to RESET. Press the ON/OFF to switch the off. the from the Screw the hose back and the hose back its this, the the formation of and, consequently, to the the that the 0C. Cleaning and
Something If, the the whistling from the this to type of If the this to the of that than Troubleshooting If to following the instructions below. If when of the following or to to incorrect the call-out within the operation the following displayed: E10: with the supply E20: with E40: At the the light END flashes. Once the the START/PAUSE to the If the AEG/ELECTROLUXService Force The The ON/OFF the depressed. The or the the The properly the the closed (E40) of the should heard. The connected. the The START Press the button. pressed. The DELAY START the selected option selected. the
The The then immediately The and/or There the The closed (E10) the The hose the whole of the or (E10) hose and the The of the Clean the hose (E10) The properly the (E40) The of the hose the hose the right too height section). The hose the whole of or (E20) the hose and the The (EF0) or the Clean the or hose (E20) the The RINSE HOLD option Empty the with selecting the or selected. The Redistribute the distributed the manually the Too used. to the instructions. that too One of the that the hose the hose screwed both The screw the properly screwed cleaning. Something
Something The or The The that the as the section. The the There Correct of the the affected. The the of the the The the the of the the The heating the the of the or the heating or phase. clothes.
or the The or the enough The If the that distributed the the of the the this and to redistribute of rotations. when the distributed the the distributed. If, about the the Therefore, the the of the to redistribute manually the and to the The the (E10) The Select the selected. Select the or the chosen. of to the type of or easy-cares). There too the the Something
Something Unsatisfactory If the and found the Too used. used. Stubborn treated to The correctly selected. If the with ointments, grease or with amount of The selected the too the type with the these immediately and the the the completely rinsed. White the This to and therefore the of or the to them. the choice of try
Technical Height with (L12710VIT) (L14710VIT) Water This with the following EC 73/23/EEC of including EEC 89/336/EEC of Directive.
Service If carrying the there with please AEG/ELECTROLUX Service Force customers should that the the Troubleshooting section as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG/ELECTROLUX Service Force telephoning: to Please type of telephoning. to and telephone 3.Clear and of the -What the the the and 4.The and of purchase. This information found the rating these to recommed write them below.
Customer AEG/ELECTROLUX or further information AEG/ELECTROLUX products please Customer the below or www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk Customer AEG/ELECTROLUX Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded Service
Conditions AEG/ELECTROLUX offer the following to the first purchaser of this 1.The months when the to the first purchaser, which chase or The cover 2.The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic, or 3.Should repairs the purchaser inform the near- service office service or authorised AEG/ELECTROLUX the right to the of the the customers of or AEG/ELECTROLUX 4.The or includes both and 5.Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG/ELECTROLUX. 6.The purchasers rights affected this
If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Conditions
Instructions and nection instructions the This heavy, should when the that If and the internal the Serious caused to the or the or completely to the to this or to this or the that its supply If the that freely the and the The should with authority and building Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Force
of the and Rear
Unpacking and the the and the right-hand and the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the the and off the the screw. the right thene the tion the and thene the the screws with the the tic and the previously screw.
the upright and the from the back. the three spacers from the which the ted. the with the which the containing the instruction You to that they the to Positioning the that around the impeded apply coating. to the of or the If to positioning the to or coal-burning covered with the facing the or the The where the below 0C. The hose and the hose Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. screwing the or or the to the
Water only) the hose to with thread. should comply with authority and building the hose correctly the positioning the to the to to supply. The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the A. Should this the off and to Service Force to the Water TThis to plumbed using of the following Firstly the of the hose the U supplied. the hose which should internal of imately there the hose and
that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If the outlet that the hose the and with required, the hose to from the the The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If the hose from the to that the and the the U supplied. the to or to that off amount of to that collected the
the of the and washers should connected to the FOUL the then to It that these ances connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority. WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth
If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and yellow (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded to the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from AEG/ELEC- TROLUX Service the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth This should only
Building-in Building-in This to built the The should the shown A. the ance the the hoses of the the back of the This to the hoses from becoming or trapped. AB. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the counter-mag- with the the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base.
To mount the to the of the The the fixing The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B) with the Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thickness of the To the perfectly it to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To of this to screw the the of the Its to the the D). If the to from to right, the of the the and the and E). Mount the and the as the screw should and E). Building-in
Building-in the and of when the integrated to Where the mounting the The to the should and If to to the height required, that of and screwed to the of the F). four fixing the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The reason the this to allow of bead- to front of the the to the four countersunk screws H).
With the four the and clearance of the top of the and the of the should with the with this the further to the of W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the