Black LAVAMAT VIT TURBO The washer-dryer Instruction AUS ERFAHRUNG GUT AUS ERFAHRUNG GUT
Black customer, Please these operating instructions and to the indicated the first that this instruction reference and to owners. The warning and/or the (Warning!, information that or functioning of the This the operation of the The information with this tions and the of the and information about and of the with the clover If or please or telephone: with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the distributed the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the manually and infor- mation the section headed "Something Not Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded Printed People who think accordingly....
Black instructions protection of washer-dryer of the ON/OFF Mains-on light START/PAUSE DELAY START DRYING TIME Option SPIN SPEED. RINSE HOLD PREWASH STAIN. QUICK EXTRA RINSE. Cancelling/Altering the the started. the first the Sorting and the of of and and additives Which WHITES NON BIOLOGICAL. COLOUREDS DELICATE ITEMS LAUNDRY BLEACH STAIN REMOVER.
Black which TRADITIONAL POWDERS TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS. COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS FABRIC CONDITIONERS the Drying Duration of the Additional to the and Switching the Selection of the Selection of the SPIN SPEED or RINSE HOLD option Selection of the STAIN, PREWASH or QUICK WASH option. Selection of the EXTRA RINSE option. Selection of the DELAY START option. the At the of the to Drying only. and (NON-STOP charts chart Cleaning and each cleaning Water Emergency emptying Something
Black Troubleshooting. Unsatisfactory Technical Service Conditions Instructions and instructions the of the and Rear Unpacking Positioning Water only) Water the of the Building-in
Black instructions of please this instruction or using this Repairs to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force the the or the or allowing to the carrying cleaning or operations. the to the from the of the high and the the the cool carrying emptying or the emergency. Follow the instructions Carry first without (COTTONS with the amount of to from the and the
Black Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and children known to Please the from of reach. of the off the and the the catch to trapped the and off the This only. If the other or correctly, the responsibility that might reasons, the only and follow the instructions. which with should washed. and bleaching specifically the of these products. instructions
Black The with the >PE< >PS< >PP< This that they of them properly authorised to country
Black protection To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected the when normally The both and washed, to thirds of the amount of The the With and the then washed
Black features of washer-dryer and using the selector. effectively treating normally items. the reduced to or RINSE HOLD the the to creasing. to hours to with showing the selected and the phase which of its action, the washes with The to and and Unbalance to
Black of the
Black of the Mains-on light ON/OFF C Option Drying START/PAUSE The the type of of the and the to selected to the type of The Easy-cares The turned clockwise or anticlockwise.
Black to the ENERGY SAVING 67C normally with QUICK). 40C to this the and to creasing. this COLD ON/OFF Press this to switch the Press to switch the off. Mains-on light This light when the ON/OFF pressed, and when START/PAUSE This three selected the this to the the light flashing. To which the START/PAUSE the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the START/PAUSE Empty At the of which with the (RINSE HOLD option), or the the START/PAUSE to the the the only; RINSE HOLD the and DELAY START The from hour to of hours. The selecting the and the START/PAUSE The indicating the appear about seconds the The of the selected then displayed. of the
Black of the One the START/PAUSE the its hourly countdown. To or the the START/PAUSE then the DELAY START the displayed or, to the the displayed. Then the START/PAUSE the the shows the of the previously selected. DRYING TIME this the to the or easy-cares) to To the to the the appears the COTTON from to EASY-CARES from to and the played seconds, then the of the appear. START/PAUSE and DRYING TIME buttons the acoustic the following selecting the and the options; the of the when incorrect option selection Option buttons the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the START/PAUSE these pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the lights about the sounds and the displayed.
Black SPIN SPEED Press this to reduce the of the intermediate and the the selected The easy-cares and and RINSE HOLD this option selected, the to the from creasing. the finished, the light the and the light of the START/PAUSE flashes to that the To SPIN SPEED and START/PAUSE the START/PAUSE the the the type of selected; the DRAIN to the without Warning! The turned first to RESET and then to DRAIN. If the the The RINSE HOLD option selected the WASHING DRYING PREWASH The prewash 30C The prewash with and Easy-cares, and with emptying of the only Delicates. This option with the and with STAIN. when heavily STAIN To heavily or with with action phase, or with than 40C). This function with QUICK and PREWASH. of the
Black of the QUICK this the reduced. when lightly This option with the and and with STAIN. EXTRA RINSE Can with the The instead of This option recommended people who to and where the The shows the following information: the the RESET three flashing appear immediately the ON/OFF to that the ready to instructions the of the selected the of the recommended each type of Selected hours and hour and easy-cares). the finished, flashing displayed; the (E). Incorrect option selection. If option which with the selected, the displayed. indicating the selecting the the lights responding to the phases the the started, the phase light the finished, the END light
Black Cancelling/Altering To or which the to the RESET three flashing played, the The the the To DRAIN If to another the the the selected and then START/PAUSE the the You the the to PAUSE, the following the the heating or phase 55C; the of the high; the If these when the the Should to the and should absolutely to switch the off the ON/OFF ton. the to the and of the the the and the ON/OFF the the from the where interrupted. of the
Black of the Compartment prewash or and The prewash or the of the The the STAIN-Action phase the Compartment or It the of the Compartment additives It the The of additives the MAX the the first first that 60C, without the to from the and of the and the
Black the Sorting and the Sort the to type of and of and Empty To the from and to pillowcases and covers and such as those of Turn faced items Turn coloured and with and items tights) or closed with or Treat with or or them or responsibility of Whites and coloureds white items their whiteness. New coloured to them the first and items together; this the and the distributed them the each separately.
Black the of Bathrobes Work shirts covers Tea Shirts Pillowcases Night-gowns/Pyjamas Tablecloths of and The to the The should to the type of and the instructions indicated indicated and with this washed high and with this and washed 60C. with these therefore the these Synthetics (Easy-cares) and with these and they therefore the Sort of
Black easy-cares or with these treatment. The DELICATES this type of and items such as or with this ticularly to The WOOLLENS this type of with the the or If the the the washed! the
Black the and additives Which To the from to the right and recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to clean- and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which Fairy. cleaning and COLOUREDS coloured items should which to while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and other LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and coloureds. STAIN REMOVER heavily to washed with STAIN- Action, should such as VANISH In-Wash, and GloWhite
Black which Not only there of they Whether chose or or choice. TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the measured the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce easy-cares and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce sheets the sheets to of and the the
Black the the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the and Easy-cares Warning: Loads of exceeding these otherwise obtained. Particularly items such as synthetic and with such as and with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the formation of Sort of
Black Drying the to whether The following to usually Normal (reduced Duration of the The to the the of or the type of the of The indicated the chart. become with the the that to the type of It to of these The when such as towels, to the to that that the completely and to each the should and cleaned. the
Black the Additional Should the too the of the another Warning! To the formation of creases or of
Black How to easy and the the the the item Distribute as as the and the the If to or STAIN- Action or the STAIN-Action STAIN such as VANISH. the without exceeding the MAX the Switching the To switch the the ON/OFF ton: the the RESET
Black to three flashing displayed. If the the of that displayed. Selection of the Turn the to the the lights to the phases the selected light Selection of the or option To the the SPIN SPEED button: the light selecting the option, the the Selection of the STAIN, PREWASH or QUICK WASH option the of of the and the type of The light Selection of the EXTRA RINSE option The light
Black Selection of the DELAY START option To of the DELAY START the The to the selected displayed about which the of the selected appear the the START/PAUSE pressed, the selected appear the and the its countdown. Starting the To the selected the START/PAUSE the light flashing. The light to the phase which If the option selected, the its countdown, hours, which appear the this to other to or the other the START/PAUSE the the the and the START/PAUSE or the the START/PAUSE Press the DELAYED START the appears the or to Press the START/ PAUSE to
Black to At the of the The and flashing displayed. The END light If the RINSE HOLD option selected, the light the to that the the The light of the START flashes and displayed. At the of the flashing appear the Turn the to RESET. Switch the off the ON/OFF the from the that the as to items. the the to the formation of and to Drying Warning! the loads: and easy-cares. The and the hose the or connected to the the ON/OFF to switch the Select the or easy-cares). the DRYING TIME the appears the Press the START/PAUSE to the At the of the turn the to RESET and the ON/OFF to switch the off. the
Black and (NON-STOP Warning! NON-STOP to the of and easy-cares. the and additive. the tic of the withstand the high the directly the Switch the the ON/OFF Select the Select the options of the buttons. If than that the to too and to than and synthetics. Select the the the START/PAUSE At the of the the to RESET and the ON/OFF to switch the off. the
Black chart (Whites) ECONOMY (Whites) Coloured Easy-cares Delicates RINSE HOLD Wool, COLD SPIN SPEED ECONOMY Select the E instead of the 95C when normally whites; the about 67C, with The phase slightly with EC the indicated the to the 60C The as only. The the and of incoming and tity of and normally household STAIN QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED STAIN PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED and normally to lightly and household STAIN QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED Coloured or shirts, towels. STAIN QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED Synthetic coloured shirts, STAIN QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD Additional Duration
Black chart Heavily This washed to starched or emptying the with the option. and SPIN SPEED Lightly of phases 30C. Stop with To empty: the START/PAUSE The matically hours. with additive. with additive. The 30C Short the which Additional functions Duration EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD
Black chart Drying of towelling items to without Iron The STORE DRY the reference the with EEC of and (bathrobes, bath towels, and (towels, T-shirts, bathrobes) Easy-cares and household and (sheets, tablecloths, shirts, Easy-cares and (shirts, household Drying
Black Cleaning and each At the of the the to the to allow to If the prolonged the and the cleaning With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of (such as Clean the of the with and only. with and or products to the while, and the Clean the from to
Black Cleaning and To the from the the the corner. To cleaning, the top of the the recess: clean with tooth- the cleaning. to there or the the and them. The collects threads and the that the clean. the and of the the Clean the then screwing Water If that the to that the the hose
Black Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the To this, the yellow ton the Clean the with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the or hose clogged), as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled; the the hose the and the Should to to the hose because, the built the slightly the the to the slowly. At the screw the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the hose and the hose the Select the DRAIN and the Turn the to RESET. Press the ON/OFF to switch the off. the from the Screw the hose back and the hose back its this, the the formation of and, consequently, to the the that the 0C. Cleaning and
Black Something If, the the whistling from the tional this to type of If the this to the of that than Troubleshooting If to following the instructions below. If when of the following or to to incorrect the call-out within the operation the following displayed: E10: with the supply E20: with E40: EF0: Once the the START/PAUSE to the If the AEG Service Force The The ON/OFF the depressed. The or the the the The properly the the closed (E40) of the should heard. The connected. the The START Press the button. pressed. The DELAY START the selected option selected. the
Black The The then immediately The and/or There the The closed (E10) the The hose the whole of the or (E10) hose and the The of the Clean the hose (E10) The properly the closed (E40) The of the hose the hose the right too height section). The hose the whole of or (E20) the hose and the The (EF0) or the Clean the or hose (E20) the The RINSE HOLD option Empty the with the START selected. or selecting the PUMP OUT The Redistribute the distributed the manually the Too used. to the instructions. that too One of the that the hose the hose screwed both The screw the properly screwed cleaning. Something
Black Something The or The The that the as the section. The the There Correct of the the affected. The the of the the The the the of the the The heating the the of the or the heating or phase. clothes.
Black or the The or the enough The If the that the the of the the this and to redistribute of when the distributed the the distributed. If, about the the Therefore, the the of the to redistribute manually the and to the The the (E10) The clogged. Clean the (EF0) The Select the selected. Select the chosen. the of to the type of or easy-cares). There too the the Something
Black Something Unsatisfactory If the and found the Too used. used. Stubborn treated to The correctly selected. If the with ointments, grease or washed with amount of The selected the too the type with the these immediately and the often the the completely rinsed. White the This to and therefore the of or the to them. the choice of try using
Black Technical Height with Height weight Water This with the following EC 73/23/EEC of including EEC 89/336/EEC of Directive.
Black Service If carrying the there with please AEG Service Force customers should that the the Troubleshooting section as the charge the mechanical or Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. to Please type of telephoning. to and telephone 3.Clear and of the -What the the the and 4.The and of purchase.
Black This information found the rating these to recommed write them below. Customer AEG or further infor- mation AEG products please Customer the below or www.aeghome.co.uk Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded Service
Black Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the chase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the tricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised service this Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG.
Black If should to another country within then antee with to to the following ifications: The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Conditions
Black Instructions and instructions the This heavy, should when the that If and the internal the Serious caused to the or the protective or completely to the to this or to this or the that its supply If the that freely the and the The installation should with authority and build- regulations Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Force
Black of the and Rear
Black and using the ance. and the right-hand and the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the the and off the bot- the screw. the right thene the tion the and thene the the screws with the the tic and the previously screw.
Black the upright and the from the back. the three spacers from the which the fitted. the with the which the containing the instruction You to that they the to Positioning the that around the impeded apply coating. to the of or the If to positioning the to cooker or coal-burning covered with the facing the or the The where the below 0C. The hose and the hose Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. screwing the or or the to the
Black Water only) the hose to with thread. should with authority and building the hose correctly the positioning the to the to to supply. The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the hose. This shown sector the A. Should this turn the off and to Service Force to the Water The hose should the the hose the supplied. The should internal of approximately there the hose and that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that it such that the of the hose covered with
Black hoses of and from AEG Service Force If the hose from the to that the and the the U supplied. the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the the of the and washers should connected to the FOUL the then to It that these ances connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority. WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off
Black The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and yellow (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded to the incorporates BS 1363/A ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from AEG Service the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the and earth This should
Black Building-in This to built the The should the shown A. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the counter- with the ance, the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base. To mount the to the of the The the fixing The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B) with the
Black Building-in Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thick- of the To the perfectly necessary to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To ation of this necessary to screw the the of the Its to the the D). If the to from to right, invert the of the plates the and the plate and E). Mount the and the as previously the screw should and E).
Black the and of when the to Where the mounting the The to the should and If to to the height required, that of and screwed to the of the F). four fixing the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The the this to allow of to ted front of the the to the using four countersunk screws H). Building-in
Black Building-in With the four the and clearance of the top of the and the of the should with the with this the further to the of W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from
Black AEG D-90327 to without From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the world.