Information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the These the of You MUST them or the This should when It to the specifications or to this and Serious to the and to property this to. section instructions. to this should or to this should or to that the the supply If the please the to allow to freely. that there from hoses and their the installation. Child This to operated Children should to with the or with the and known to Please The becomes the from the vicinity of the whilst operation. from of reach. the and off the the section the instruction which to washed. If the the clothes. that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. such as screws, or other and the which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the items such as or as such items to the and the the of to the to the of and should of their please with the of the item the porthole slightly washes to the should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force Tricity
the Information New of the Appliance light Child The information of white 95C the the Measure the Select the Select reduction or option Select the option the option or the the At the of the of 50C the Measure the and the Select the Select reduction or option Select the option(s) the At the of the The following found the text to throughout the instructions: Which which and Cleaning each cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Emergency emptying The of Something Working Service and Conditions the Instructions Technical Specifications Positioning Water Water the of the to the Instruction instructions and information
New effective treatment of with and The the function of and selection, to the The shows the phase and the of the The with its with The ECO VALVE allows of and reduces hints To and and the that follow these hints: the of to the of supply, the amount of and the of without prewash normally The loaded. With and the then with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the distributed the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the manually and information the section headed "Something Not Working". the of the with the with Council or Health Office to there re-cycling this the to scrapped, off the supply and the to from to country authorised The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the to the
of the Appliance Prewash Child This incorporates to children from the To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
The AW Option the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the these pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the light flashes about seconds. reduction this reduce the and the intermediate or the option: reduction selecting this option the reduced as follows: from to AW W) and from to AW and AW S) Synthetics, and Cold from to and Cool, from to selecting this option the phases To items. The and synthetic prewash this option to prewashed 30C the The prewash with and synthetic whereas the the Select this to reduce the when of or The instead of This function If the light flashes, this that this option selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. At the of the the lights and To as follows: the to or this reduce eventually the of the to to the to selected the this to the the light flashing. To which the the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the
selecting the the lights to the phases the the started, only the phase light the light this that the the phase. If selected the prewash function, this light the prewash phase The light flashes the of operating flashes the flashes the flash the To the Something The light the light the light off: the flashing light: the It the whole indicating that the locked. the light the The and The clockwise or anticlockwise. to to Switching OFF of the ATTENTION! If the to other when the the lights of the to flash. The the selected information WOOL The of this the of products that the to the instructions the and those issued the of this M9604. QUICK AND COOL This to lightly or which freshening 30C of Short With this to and which hand. The the that reduced lected of the emptying the of the with the option. Turn first the to then and the washed and with option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to
the first that of the of the to the ECO Then 95C, without the to from the and of the and the WASHING KG OF WHITE COTTON AT 95C of heavy to It white and high the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Measure the and the the Measure the amount of required, the and the selected the prewash option. If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the Turn the to the The light to The lights to the phases the Select reduction or option Press the option repeatedly, to the option. The light the option Select prewash or option required, the light
the the that: the the supply turned the hose correctly and securely the and the closed. To the selected the the light the light The light to that the locked. The operating. option or It to option the the pressing the Turn the to O and then to the The the the the the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to to which the the the to the If the light flashes and off, the If the light flash, this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to about the to the and 1.At the of the The automatically. If the option selected, the phase lights and the light off and the to that the the To this first the to and then to or the of the Release of the indicated the of the light. Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
WASHING KG OF MIXED FABRICS AT 50C of lightly to They rather and should washed high the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Measure the the Measure the amount of and the and the selected the prewash option. Measure the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the Turn the to the The light to The lights to the phases the Select reduction or option Press the option repeatedly, to the option. The light the option Select prewash or option required, the light
the the that: the the supply turned the hose correctly and securely the and the closed. To the selected the the light flashing. the light The light to that the locked. The operating. At the of the The automatically. If the option selected, the phase lights and the light the light off and the locked to that the the To this first the to and then to or this reduce the of the to to the to The only the light the Release of the indicated the of the light and the extinction the light. Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
NOT the the the first the The of the items below as Tablecloth Tea hand Towelling hand Towelling Bath Apron the items with ones. Sort the to the type of and or torn items as they of which screws as these the the and and buttons. It to coloured items when the first together, the lowest White items should washed with coloured items. items ribbons, should washed or the of Bleach should with and of reach of such as to and should treated with products, which found household shops. to the with or Only New Wool washed the using the other of should washed HANDWASH If the to or there the To with the and and without to that from the Once finished using the to and off the
Which To the from to the right and recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to cleaning and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which cleaning and COLOURS coloured items should which to while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and other LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and which Not there of they Whether chose or or own choice. TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the measured the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce synthetics and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce the conditioning to of and the
to clothes with the The with the of The easy to the WASHING SYMBOL BLEACHING IRONING DRY CLEANING TUMBLE DRYING Notes the and additives. Once the gently. This WASH ACTION FABRIC Normal Normal Reduced Normal Reduced Reduced Chlorine bleach Cool cleaned. Other and/or beneath the the to the cleaner. with high heat with heat through DO NOT to the the prematurely. and prewash the the the the prewash finished. White or without or without Colourfast 60C. Polyester/Cotton, with Finishes, Cotton/Acrylic or Colourfast 40C 60C. Acrylics, Wool, Wool Acrylic,
and of and type of heavy WHITES items. White normally sheets, household towels. ECO WASH coloured or normally shirts, towels. FAST COLOUREDS Non coloured or normally soiled, shirts, NON FAST COLOUREDS the which and switching the off RESET OFF This the reference the to EEC Directive The as only. The incoming and 95C C C C options PREWASH HALF LOAD RINSE HOLD SPIN RED. NO SPIN PREWASH HALF LOAD RINSE HOLD SPIN RED. NO SPIN PREWASH HALF LOAD RINSE HOLD SPIN RED. NO SPIN PREWASH HALF LOAD RINSE HOLD SPIN RED. NO SPIN
synthetics, and of and type of Synthetic or coloured shirts, MIXED FABRICS DELICATES Specially tested the WOOL and COLD WASH lightly synthetic, and QUICK AND COOL washed items of RINSES emptying the with the option. DRAIN SPIN the which and switching the off RESET OFF If the reduced of the the C C C Short C C Short C Short Cold Short C Short Short of or SPIN RED. options PREWASH RINSE HOLD SPIN RED. NO SPIN PREWASH RINSE HOLD SPIN RED. NO SPIN RINSE HOLD SPIN RED. NO SPIN RINSE HOLD SPIN RED. NO SPIN RINSE HOLD SPIN RED. NO SPIN RINSE HOLD SPIN RED. NO SPIN
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of the of (such as cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The should inspected and the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to the emptying the and its
the and cloth to of when the cover. from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the cover the Warning the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and children to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the to the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO that of the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the cover and the
Something Not to of or oversights, which easily without Service Force please the below. that the light flashes to that the On the AW acoustic warning heard. flashes flashes the there Once the the to the If the Service MPORTANT: to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, the Symptom The the The The then immediately The and/or Too or too There the Too or used. Unsatisfactory amount of the and to The closed. The properly the There supply the The or the the The correctly and the depressed. The the hose The hose or The closed. The of the hose too The of the hose There the of the The hose or The or option selected. The The hose fitted, correct. Follow the instructions connecting to the The The unbalanced: redistribute the clothes the to allow the to whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose or securely positioned. The or clogged. The The the emptying hose cleaning the Stubborn treated to The selected. Too the
Symptom The internal The when The or the The based the without affecting performance. Service the of service, or to purchase please Tricity Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of The and of the (found the rating The purchase The with the or The and The distributed the there the The The released (the light Water the the the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the Please that purchase or service Customer concerning Tricity or further information Tricity products, please Customer or telephone as follows: Customer Tricity Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
Conditions Tricity that within months of the of the purchase, this Tricity or thereof to reason of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with, authorised service this Tricity Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of Tricity which NOT Tricity If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Instructions It to the or to this to that the the supply to this should or to this should or Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Force Technical Specifications DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED (10A) WATER PRESSURE MAXIMUM RECOMMENDED LOAD Synthetics and Cool SPIN SPEED (AW W) (AW S) (AW W) CONSUMPTION DATA FOR WASHING KG NORMALLY SOILED COTTON ITEMS Water AT 60C (PROGR. ECO WASH This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications; EEC of Directive) and modifications. Wool/Cold
and using the You to the the to and the screws. the the its back, that the hoses squashed. the from the of the and release the the polythene the right and then the operation the right polythene the and then upwards. the base. the upright and the screw. the the with the with the instruction You to the the to of the as The of the the hoses Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other or the to the to permanently plumbed to supply and this connected to existing with the hose The with BSP thread If this with the of the existing installation, of from and plumbers merchants to to existing or plumber. to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the
Water the hose to with thread. previously hoses should comply with authority and building The connected to supply. of operation of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the the hose correctly the positioning the to the to Water This to permanently plumbed using of the following Firstly the of the hose the U supplied. the hose which should of there the hose and that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If hose this below) the U the hose the
Onto outlet If the outlet that the hose the and with required, the hose to from the the The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of connecting the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the functioning of the the hose the the top of the back of the the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and with and of the operation. mounted to If the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting. Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the and dishwashers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and
If further please authority. to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. WARNING: off serious (shock) that the off of Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Force the the supply the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth