LAVAMAT VI Instruction
Customer Thank choosing of high-quality products. With this the of functional and technology. that to the performance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to perfectly and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the with The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Instruction the information Product lights First Acoustic Child the the and the Select the of Select the reduction or the RINSE HOLD option option Select the PREWASH option the STAIN option Select the SENSITIVE option Select the TIME option Select the START/PAUSE Select the DELAY START Select option or
the the At the of the information the Sorting the the and additives of to of and cleaning each cleaning Water Emergency emptying What to Technical
Unpacking Positioning and Water Water-stop Water the of the Building-in Preparation and assembly of the hints
information Instruction information to the first The of AEG/ELECTROLUX with the industry and with the of as to the following You MUST them or the It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to the functioning of the and the first the incurred If If the the winter months when there the hours the first It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the
to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply cleaning and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This It other than those which the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that or its supply hose and If the please the to allow to freely the that there from hoses and their the If the location to frost, please the of to this should or to this should or information
information This It other than those which it which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the their The to children of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that or the To trapped the the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the clockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and Compartment prewash phase or The prewash the of the The the the STAIN option selected. Compartment or Compartment additives starch). Product
SPIN PREWASH STAIN SENSITIVE TIME START/PAUSE DELAY START lights Table of Handwash, Child
Duration of selected selecting the displayed hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the every the of operating displayed, E20 chapter What to of the finished displayed, the DOOR light the WASHING light and the light of the and the Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the about seconds and the yellow light of the light The selected hours of the appears the about seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The appear the The every hour. hour the every Child
lights the the WASHING light the light this that the operating. The DOOR light the light the light the light off: the the the EXTRA RINSE light To please chapter Select If the finished, the backlight of the switches off and the the light to that the to switched off. buttons the from the and another or switch off the
that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the or 95C, without the to from the and of the and the Acoustic The with acoustic which sounds the following the of the there buttons and about seconds, the acoustic deactivated there these buttons the acoustic reactivated. Child This function allows to the without the that children might or to the This function when the There to this option: pressing the to the the to other or option. To this option buttons and about seconds the appears (from) the
the the the outwards. the the item them as as the firmly. You hear closing. Attention! Please that items the and the Measure the and the to reduce and the the amount of required, the and, to the prewash phase or to the function, the or the the without prewash selected. If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently.
Select the of The switched You choose the right type of following the the Turn the to the The the type of of and the to the type of The light of and the shows the of the selected The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. Turn to to programme/Switch OFF of the At the of the the turned to to switch the off. the of each of the the chapter Attention! the to another when the the yellow light of the and the to selection. The the selected Select the SPIN reduction or the RINSE HOLD option the selected, the that Press the repeatedly to the to from the the The light light RINSE HOLD selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the shows the light the light of and the light off and the to that the To the please chapter At the of the
option the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the these pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the yellow light of the and the appears the seconds. the the and the options chapter Select the PREWASH option Select this option to prewashed 30C the The Prewash with and synthetic whereas the the The light light Select the STAIN option Select this option to heavily or with with action phase). The light light This option with than 40C and selected with the PREWASH option. Attention! If to with the option, Select the SENSITIVE option this the reduced. The the and Synthetics. This option recommended and items to washed.
Select the TIME option This option allows to the the DAILY: this once, the light and the reduced to SUPER QUICK: this the light the reduced to lightly or items that or On the the shows Select the START/PAUSE To the selected the the light The light to that the operating. The light to the locked. To which the the light To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, the yellow light of the the about seconds. Select the DELAY START the to the the repeatedly, to the The selected to appear the about seconds, then the of the You this option the and the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this The throughout the If to the the to the and the light off the the the and
Selecting the Select the and the Select the the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. the the to PAUSE the once the displayed; the to the The selected selecting the The selected with DRAIN Select his people with to to the of Press and seconds: the light This function To the tons the light off. option or It to options the the the it Turn the to and then to the the pressing the The the Press to which the light Press the to the
Turn the to to which You the the the to the If the light and then off, the If the DOOR the light this that the already heating, that the too high. this the If the to to switch the off turning the to the to the and closing the it to the and options and to the At the of the The automatically, the light of the the lights and off and appear the If or option that with the selected, the light appear the the light of the off and the to that the the Follow the below instructions to the the to the DRAINING or SPINNING reduce the of the when the finished the shows The light off and the Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
of of White and coloured (normally items) COTTONS 95-COLD Synthetic or coloured shirts, SYNTHETICS 60-COLD EASY IRON PLUS Synthetics to washed and DELICATES 40-COLD hand and the or item If the the phase, items, redistribute the manually and then the WOOL PLUS HANDWASH 30-COLD STAIN option selected the of 40C or higher. If the SUPER QUICK option of the TIME button, that reduce the as indicated. (Red. reduced however with somewhat reduced cleaning SPIN, RINSE HOLD, PREWASH, STAIN*, SENSITIVE, TIME**, EXTRA RINSE SPIN, RINSE HOLD, PREWASH, STAIN*, SENSITIVE, TIME**, EXTRA RINSE SPIN, RINSE HOLD, PREWASH, EXTRA RINSE SPIN, RINSE HOLD, PREWASH, STAIN*, TIME**, EXTRA RINSE SPIN, RINSE HOLD Red. Short Red. Short Short Red. Short
of of DELICATE washed items RINSES emptying the with the option DRAIN SPIN SPIN items, or and synthetics items lightly or once REFRESH White and coloured lightly-heavy items, shirts, ECONOMY the which or to switch the off O/OFF SPIN, RINSE HOLD, EXTRA RINSE SPIN, RINSE HOLD, STAIN, EXTRA RINSE, SENSITIVE Short of and Short SPIN
information information EASY IRON WOOL PLUS HANDWASH DELICATE RINSES DRAIN SPIN REFRESH ECONOMY O/OFF selecting this the washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the as as and with the With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced the emptying the of the with the RINSE HOLD option. Firstly, the to then and the and with option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to This selected with the following Reduction and DELAY START. This slightly or synthetics items. This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to whilst To and to switch off the the to selected.
the Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, or towels, tablecloths, Cold the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the the
the Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth blouse
Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with Treat with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of the
the (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. when medium-high of (from of II). Follow the instructions. The of then to of Characteristic of T.H.
and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. or products to the The should cleaned regularly. the the catch and and cleaning
and cleaning To cleaning, the top of the should to of the to clean the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the the to the or containing the with scouring containing or or the with cleaning without to off cleaning COTTONS or 90C, the of the from to and that trapped the
The should inspected and the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled to the to Release the emptying hose the and its the cover and to of when the from the rotating the the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the cover Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. and cleaning
and cleaning the cover, securely as to and to Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the the hose with brush. Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the hose. Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat the cover.
If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the and to the the that the 0C. and cleaning
What to What to to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. operation that the yellow light of of the following appears the and the acoustic sound every seconds to that the E10 with the supply E20 with the E40 Once the the to the If the Service The The The closed. E40 the firmly. The properly the the the There the Please installation. The or the the the The correctly and the depressed. Please the and the The selected. If the to immediately, the The CHILD SAFETY LOCK activated. Deactivated this The closed. E10 the The hose or E10 the hose The the hose E10 Clean the hose The properly closed. E40 the firmly.
The then immediately: The and/or There the Unsatisfactory The of the hose too to section. The hose or E20 the hose The clogged. E20 Clean the option that with the the or that the phases selected. Select the or the The distributed the Redistribute the Too or too used. the or another whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to the hose The or hose with The the emptying hose or the properly screwed cleaning action. the the emptying hose or screw the Too or used. Increase the or another Stubborn treated to products to the The selected. selected the the amount of What to
What to The The or or the the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The the of The released. the light DOOR off. There the or to the The and the of the The the of the The distributed the Redistribute the there the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the Redistribute the The too items, redistribute the manually and then the based without affecting performance.
Technical Water supply Water White ECONOMY Synthetics Wool/ The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the 60C with of the reference the the with EEC Height included) Information the the rating the of the Technical please the of the to the the
Unpacking and the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With the and the A.
Unscrew and the and the C the and the C the E. the porthole, the hose from the the and the with the the containing the instruction the hose as the Water the with the the containing the instruction
Positioning and the that around the impeded apply coating. to the of or the If to positioning the to or coal-burning covered with the facing the or the The where the below The hose and the hose Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. screwing the or the the Water hose and found the the hose from previous to to the supply. This connected to supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of the hose correctly the positioning the hose, to the to
the hose to with thread. the hose with the should comply with authority and building of of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the Water-stop The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the A. Should this the off and to Service to the hose. Water This to permanently plumbed of the following Firstly the of the hose using the U supplied. the hose which should internal of approximately there the hose and
that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If hose this the the U the hose the outlet If the outlet that the hose the and with the hose to from the the The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If to the hose from the that the and the the U supplied.
the of the should to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority. WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The responsibility or through to with the If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth
If own the of the the of ance with the the terminals as follows: the and yellow (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded to the incorporates BS1363/A ASTA or BSI should used. The the The cated the coloured the of the obtained from AEG/ELECTROLUX Service The supply easily the Should the supply to replaced, this MUST Service the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the and earth This
Building-in This to built the The should the shown A. the the the hoses of the the back of the This to the hoses from becoming or trapped. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the with the the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base. To mount the to the of the of the The the fixing The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B) with the
Installation Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thickness of the To the perfectly to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To operation of this to screw the counter- the of the Its to the the D). If the to from to right, the of the the and the plate and E). Mount the and the as previously the and of when the integrated to Where the mounting the The to the should and If to to the height required, that of and screwed to the of the four fixing
the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The reason the this to allow of to front of the the to the four countersunk screws H). With the four the and clearance of approximately the top of the and the of the should with the with this the further to the of W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed Measure to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.com www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk to without