LAVAMAT
Customer Thank choosing of high-quality products. With this the of and that to the performance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to perfectly and efficiently. To to this to, to it please to of the with The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Instruction information Product Acoustic Child the Measure the and the the of the Select the RINSE HOLD or NIGHT CYCLE option Selected the option PREWASH option STAIN option SENSITIVE option Select TIME option Press the START/PAUSE Select the DELAY START option or
the the At the of the information the Sorting the the Removing and additives Quantity of to of and cleaning each cleaning Water Emergency emptying What to
Unpacking Positioning and Water Water-stop Water the of the hints
information Instruction information to the first The of AEG/ELECTROLUX with the industry and with the of as to the following You MUST them or the It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the You MUST them or using the first the incurred If If the the winter months when there the hours the first It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the
to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply cleaning and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that or its supply hose and If the please the to allow to freely the that there from hoses and their the If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. information
information which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the their This children or infirm without should to that they with the The to children of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that children or the To and becoming trapped the the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and The New allows of and reduces therefore Compartment prewash The prewash the of the Compartment or Compartment additives Compartment with STAIN-option Product Three The rear foot the
of the It shows the as as the buttons, lights and the These the following TEMPERATURE SPIN OPTION OK TIME START/PAUSE DELAY START
and COLD RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH MAIN WASH RINSE SPIN DRAIN OVERDOSAGE The shows the phases of the selected the phase of the At the of each phase, the the becomes fixed. If the OVERDOSAGE lights the of the that too used. PREWASH STAIN SENSITIVE EXTRA RINSE DOOR locked) This the the the locked. The the off: the The finished. TIME option
The shows the following information: Duration of the selected selecting the displayed hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the updated The selected hours of the appears the about seconds then the of the selected displayed. The DELAY START appear the The every hour and then, when hour the Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the about seconds and the light of the of operating displayed, E20 chapter What to of the the finished displayed, the DOOR and the If within the finished, the backlight of the switches off and the the light to that the to switched off. the from the and another or switch off the DELAY START CHILD SAFETY LOCK
First that the and with the instructions. the and from the 95C, without the to from the and of the and the Acoustic The with the acoustic which sounds the following the of the there the buttons and about seconds, the acoustic deactivated there these buttons the acoustic reactivated. Child This function allows to the without the that might or to the This function when the There to this option: the to the the to other or option. To this option buttons and about seconds the CHILD SAFETY LOCK appears (from) the
the the the outwards. the the item them as as the firmly. You hear closing. Attention! Please the items the and the the and the to reduce and the the amount of required, the and, to the prewash phase, the the If to the function the the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently.
Select the turning the You choose the right type of following the the Turn the to the The the type of of and the to the type of The light of and the shows the of the selected The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. OFF programme/Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to OFF to switch the off. the of each of the the chapter Attention! the to another when the the light of and the to selection. The the selected Select the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed from the the The each the The of to Select the NIGHT CYCLE or RINSE HOLD option the selected, the that Press this repeatedly to the to from the the
RINSE HOLD: selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. At the of the and RINSE HOLD appear the DOOR locked) the light of off and the to that the NIGHT CYCLE: selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and selected or with the with At the of the and RINSE HOLD appear the the DOOR the light of off and the to that the To the please chapter At the of the Select the option the and choice the the combined. Attention: Not the options themselves. The of the incompatible options option, which with the or other option, selected, the seconds and the of light You the options selected the the Press the the option appear the To the options, the The appears the and Press the to and choice. appears the selected to that this option Press the to the option. selecting the options, seconds the back to the The selected options appear the the this option and the chapter
PREWASH option Select this option to prewashed 30C the The Prewash with COTTON and SYNTHETIC whereas the DELICATE the The appear the STAIN option Select this option to heavily or with with action phase). This option with than 40C. Attention! If to with the option, SENSITIVE option selecting this option the reduced. The the COTTONS, MIX and SYNTHETICS. This option with EXTRA RINSE option. This option recommended coloureds items and washed items. Select (EXTRA RINSE) This people with to to the using of If to this option permanently every buttons and about seconds: the EXTRA RINSE appears the This option active permanently. If to the buttons the disappears. TIME option The the Normally The reduced of this this the following DAILY: this once, the appears the and to reduce the The the reduced To
SUPER QUICK: this the alight the and to reduce the lightly The the reduced To lightly only. Press the START/PAUSE To the selected the the light The DOOR appears the to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, the light of the the seconds. Select the DELAY START the the to the the repeatedly, to the The appear the The selected to hours) appear the seconds, then the of the appear You this option the and the You or the the If to the the the to the to the DOOR disappears, the closed the the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this Selecting the Select the and the Select the
Press the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. the the the to PAUSE the the the displayed; the to the The selected with DRAIN option or It to options the them the pressing the only Turn the to OFF and then to the the the The the Press the to which the light Press the to the Turn the to OFF to which You the the the to the the DOOR the the DOOR that the already heating or that the too high. this the If the to to switch the off the to OFF. the to the and closing the to the and to
At the of the The automatically, the light of light off, appears the and the acoustic sounds If chosen or option that with the follow the below instruction to the the to OFF the DRAIN or SPIN/DELICATE SPIN reduce the of the the when the finished the shows On the the DOOR and the Turn the to OFF to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
of the of White and coloured (normally items) COTTONS/LINEN COLD HYGIENE white MIX JEANS 60-COLD items SYNTHETICS 60-COLD Synthetic or EASY IRON PLUS 60-COLD Synthetic or DELICATES 40-COLD SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD/NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH STAIN SENSITIVE EXTRA RINSE TIME SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD PREWASH STAIN SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD/NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH STAIN SENSITIVE EXTRA RINSE SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD/NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD/NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH STAIN SENSITIVE EXTRA RINSE TIME SPIN REDUCTION/ RINSE HOLD PREWASH EXTRA RINSE SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD/NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH STAIN EXTRA RINSE TIME Load: **Reduced wash/Rinses, Load: wash/Rinses Short Load: **Reduced Short Short Load: **Reduced
of the of VISCOSE items 40-COLD washed items RINSES emptying the DRAIN SPIN SPIN REDUCTION synthetics, and handwashed DELICATE SPIN bearing the or Handwash WOOL PLUS 40-COLD handwashed LINGERIE 40-COLD SILK 30-COLD items to and SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD/NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH STAIN EXTRA RINSE SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD/NIGHT CYCLE EXTRA RINSE and Short SPIN REDUCTION SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD/NIGHT CYCLE SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD/NIGHT CYCLE SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD/NIGHT CYCLE Short and the Short Short Short
of the of OUTDOOR SPORTS 40-COLD clothes SPORT INTENSIVE 40-COLD heavily sportwear items MIN KG slightly SPIN REDUCTION QUICK INTENSIVE To or slightly or only once White and coloured lightly- normally items ECONOMY the which or to switch the off O/OFF option selected only the of 40C or higher. If the SUPER QUICK option the that reduce the as indicated with somewhat reduced cleaning SPIN REDUCTION/ RINSE HOLD EXTRA RINSE SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD/NIGHT CYCLE EXTRA RINSE SPIN REDUCTION/ RINSE HOLD EXTRA RINSE SPIN REDUCTION/RINSE HOLD/NIGHT CYCLE PREWASH STAIN SENSITIVE EXTRA RINSE Short Load: Prewash Short Short Short
information information HYGIENE MIX JEANS EASY IRON PLUS VISCOSE WOOL PLUS HANDWASH This items, such as LINGERIE SILK white This to 60C and additives the STAIN the white and This which should washed 40C or 60C separately. the the to and You the as 60C. With this to items or and with (The EXTRA RINSE option activated automatically). Selecting this the and to creasing. this Furthermore the such It cleaning action than the HANDWASH as as hand and with the hand and synthetic items.
information clothes. selecting this OUTDOOR SPORTS additives. SPORT INTENSIVE MIN. KG to lightly QUICK INTENSIVE white/fast coloured and ECONOMY RINSES DRAIN SPIN DELICATE SPIN This heavily items. The prewash phase the to that the the of the 30C, to refreshed: once or slightly or This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to efficiency whilst With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced emptying the of the with the RINSE HOLD and NIGHT CYCLE option. selecting this the turned to O/ OFF items and with the RINSE HOLD and NIGHT CYCLE option. selecting this the turned to O/ OFF You choose the of the to to the to It to synthetic, items. information
the the Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, or towels, tablecloths, Cold the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or normally soiled, fast shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the
Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to the
the with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with Treat with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the
or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of the treatment the follow the instructions If to the the immediately of Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. when medium-high of (from of II). Follow the instructions. The of then to of Characteristic the of T.H.
and cleaning and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. methylated or products to the The should cleaned regularly. the firmly.
the from the Clean with the as as that Clean of the the the top of the washing-in chamber, with the the and the to the or containing the with scouring containing or or the with cleaning without to clean off cleaning COTTONS/LINEN or 95C, the of the from to and that the and cleaning
and cleaning The should inspected and the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to Release the emptying it the and its the and to of when the from the rotating
the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the the hose with Screw the hose back the and cleaning
and cleaning If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the and to the the that the 0C. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the and the
What to to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. operation that the light of of the following appears the and the acoustic sound every seconds to that the E10 with the supply E20 with the E40 EF0 activated Once the the to the If the Service The The The closed. E40 the firmly. The properly the the the There the Please installation. The or the the the The correctly and the depressed. Please the and the The selected. If the to washed immediately, the The Child activated. Deactivate this The closed. E10 the The hose or E10 the hose The the hose E10 Clean the hose The properly closed. E40 the firmly. What to
What to The then immediately: The and/or There the Unsatisfactory The of the hose too to section. The hose or E20 the hose The clogged. E20 Clean the option or that with the the or that the phases selected. Select the or the The distributed the Redistribute the Too or too used. the or another whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to the hose The hose with The the emptying hose or the properly screwed cleaning action. the emptying hose or screw the Too or used. Increase the or another Stubborn treated to products to the The selected. selected the the
The The or or the The the The shows the EF0 The the of The released. the DOOR There the or to the The and the of the The the of the The distributed the Redistribute the there the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the Redistribute the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. activated. the and the Service Force What to
What to If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. Technical Water supply included) supply protection V/50
Water White or ECO Synthetics Wool Handwash The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the 60C with of the reference the the with EEC please the of the to the the
and the You to that they the to the back to the from the the and the hose from the hose the rear of the With the and the A.
Unscrew and the and the C the and the C the E. the porthole, the hose from the and the the the and the with the the containing the instruction the hose as the Water the with the the containing the instruction
Positioning and the that around the impeded it apply coating. to the of or the If to positioning the to or burning covered with the facing the cooker or the The where the below The hose and the hose Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. screwing the or foot: The foot the of built as shock foot, which why the the back The foot that the high Basically the foot to Water hose and found the the hose from previous to to the supply. This to supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of
the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the should with authority and building of operation of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of Water-stop The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the A. Should this the off and to Service to the Water This to permanently plumbed of the following Firstly the of the hose the U supplied. the hose which should internal of approximately there
the hose and The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If hose this the the U the hose the If the outlet that the hose the and with the hose to from the the The hose to of hose and from Service Force The of
If to the hose from the that the and the the U plied. the of the should to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority. WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The responsibility or through to comply with the If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth
If the of the the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded to the incorporates BS1363/A ASTA or BSI should used. The the The cated the coloured the of the obtained from AEG/ELECTROLUX Service The supply easily the Should the supply to replaced, this MUST Service the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth This operation
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.com www.aeg-electrolux.uk to without