C WASHER DRYER EW
CONTENTS Transit Positioning. Water Water selection and hints and additives and International Water Something TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE/FREQUENCY 220-230V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED or to the country) MINIMUM FUSE PROTECTION WATER PRESSURE Drying MAXIMUM LOAD Synthetics, SPIN SPEED
WARNINGS It that this instruction with the reference. If or the that the to the owners that they themselves with its and The following the of You them or using the the that If and the Service INSTALLATION internal using the Serious caused to the or the protective or to the the instruction to this to this ance plumber. the that its If the that freely the and the USE This It other than those which the Follow the tions the instruction and which to washed and Follow the instructions each that empty. such as and screws with methylated trichlorethylene, If such to to they completely from the the items such as cloth or pillowcase to them the and the If with which to directly the to this the recommended of amount the the porthole slightly when the This the and the formation of that the If the following the instructions the instruction the and the SERVICE/REPAIR the of to the yourself. Repairs If repairs authorised and SAFETY This to Children allowed to the or with the high and the becomes the each PROTECTION OF THE ENVIRONMENT with the To them to recycled, they the (or with authorities. >PE< >PS< >PP< the to scrapped, off the supply and the closing to becoming death child.
INSTALLATION and using the Proceed as follows: screw and the right-hand and the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the P0255 P0802 the from the of the and release the the Unscrew and the the right-hand then the them the of the the the of the and the P0789 P0256 P0020 the upright and the from the back. the three from the which the fitted. the with the which the containing the instruction You to that they the to P0233 Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other screwing the or or the to the the the P0509 P0254 Water the hose to with thread the A with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of P0003 The other of the hose which to the turned the the hose and the there P0021
Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the P0022 branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose the the the P0023 This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other the to earthed with The or through to comply with the
USING YOUR MACHINE and P0874 The English the front of the the other the with the instruction Drying light This light when the the or Drying Graduated to both and synthetics, allows to selected to the type and amount of and the of sector: sector: synthetics. Turn the clockwise only. Cooling phase To allow the to cool cooling phase the of and this phase reduced or interrupted. Prewash The prewash this ON/OFF this the the this and the reduced. It lightly and with from to 60C. Press to the locked light This light when the cating that the locked. The the light Turn this clockwise or anti-clockwise to the To the this to the right the exactly the light This light while the operating and when the ON/OFF
selection only synthetics, the and the the Press Select the and the Press the ON/OFF Drying synthetics Select the the or Press the ON/OFF and (NON-STOP and only with and synthetics The and synthetics. these Select the Select the and the Press the ON/OFF The washed and without ther action
and hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white (cold) items including synthetic and the the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to Mould with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with The following bathrobe cover pillow tablecloth towelling cloth
and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only, of and bleach. The and the of the the the the the the Follow the to of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of to and the following these hints, without the whenever the the selected to the of and of washed; when lightly This which with the Direct effective treatment of with and Drying to thoroughly The higher the the the and the shorter the follow the instructions each that the following: synthetic with plasticised finish, tights or of or containing to with which to the the and the hose correctly positioned. the synthetics.
ENERGETIC PROGRAMMES FOR COTTON AND LINEN of options Whites, normally Whites, lightly Coloured normally Coloureds, lightly with with and Drying sector. of of and 40-95C 40-60C 40-60C 30-40C Iron
GENTLE PROGRAMMES FOR SYNTHETICS, MIXED FIBRES, DELICATES AND WOOLLENS At the of these the as to creasing of the To the or the NON-STOP used, the and there of options synthetics, normally Synthetics, lightly 30-40C with Delicates, (lightly Stop with Short and Empty Drying sector. of of synthetics, 40-60C Stop with 30-40C Stop with 40C Stop with 30C Stop with
These appear to choose the to action Normal Bleaching Chlorine bleach bleach Cool cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 95C 60C 40C 30C cleaning and high clean
first of that 60C, with the to from the and of the and the (NON-STOP operation) This option only and synthetics. synthetics the the P0004 the P0876 the If the without the MAX P0877 the option Select the Turn the clockwise to the or sector, the type of the the button and the the item them as as the the the amount of the and the Select the P0880 the and the Turn the to the right to the and the ON/OFF button: the operating light and light and the P0080 P1011 At the of the The automatically. which with the the the It to to about to the to allow the to release. The the light the ON/OFF to switch the off, the operating light the Turn the hand to completely empty, as to items or their of whites. Turn the off and the the to the Turn the to the
MAINTENANCE Clean the of the with and household with clean and with cloth. or products to the while, and the Clean the from to To the from the the the corner. To cleaning, the top of the P0878 P0879 P0038 eventually the recess: with tooth- the cleaning. The collects threads and the that the clean. the P0861 the and the P0859 P0860 P0040 Water P0041 Clean the then screwing If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the and the Clean with the and screw the hose back the
SOMETHING NOT WORKING? which The that the closed. that the and that there the that the that the tioned correctly and the ON/OFF pressed. The that the that of the that the hose or that the the hose that the closed. The then ately: The of the hose too to section. The and/or that the hose or The Clean selected (the the the The unbalanced: redistribute the clothes the to allow the to There the Too or ates too used. Check whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to that the hose that the correct- cleaning. Unsatisfactory Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The or that the and that the resting that the resting the ground and that the securely that the distributed the there the The that the selected. that the that the that the overloaded. that select- the sector. The The The released. If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. P0042 plate