INSTRUCTION BOOKLET GB WASHER-DRYER EW
This effective treatment of with and The allow to choose the The with its with The cooling of the from to 60C from The that whatever the weather. to following these hints without the the the selected without the with prewash to the the of and the of washed. The of this the following information concerning the the of this information might to Information of and to the performance. information concerning protection. to the protection of the YOUR NEW WASHER-DRYER protection recycling with the To them to they the (or with authorities. >PE< >PS< >PP< the to scrapped, off the supply and the closing to becoming death child. of the authority which of
of the Technical Positioning Water Water selection and hints Sorting the the Removing and additives Drying International and CONTENTS Water Emergency emptying Something ENGLISH
It that this instruction with the reference. If or the that the to the that they themselves with its operation and The following the interests of You them or the the that If and the Service This to Children allowed to the or with the high and the becomes the each internal using the Serious caused to the or the protective or completely to the the instruction to this to this plumber. the that its supply If the that freely the and the This It other than those which and which to washed and Follow the instructions each If with which to directly the to this WARNINGS the Follow the instructions the instruction that empty. such as and screws with trichlorethylene, If such to to they completely from the the items such as cloth or pillowcase to them the and the only the of amount the the porthole slightly when the This the and the formation of that the If the following the instructions the instruction the and the Service/repair the of to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced If repairs authorised service and
Drying light Drying Option buttons On/Off light Prewash the of the DIMENSIONS Height WASHING DRYING MAXIMUM LOAD Synthetics SPIN SPEED POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE/FREQUENCY V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED MINIMUM FUSE PROTECTION WATER PRESSURE This with the following EEC Directives: 73/23/EEC of relating to 89/336/EEC of relating to DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS C0012 ENGLISH
Unpacking and the You to that they the to and the right-hand and the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the the from the of the and release the the the right-hand then the them the of the the upright and the from the back. the three spacers from the which the fitted. the with the which the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other screwing the or or the to the INSTALLATION P0255 P0234 P0233 P0256 P0020 P1051
Water the hose to with thread the A with the The other of the hose which to the turned the the hose and the there The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose the the the P0003 P0022 P0023 P0021 ENGLISH
This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The the coloured with the following and Earth The coloured and yellow to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. WARNING: off serious (shock) that the off of GREEN YELLOW BLUE CORD CLAMP P1041 13A BROWN
Drying light It when Drying Graduated to and synthetics, allows to selected to the type and amount of and the of sector sector synthetics Turn the clockwise only. Cooling phase To allow the to cool cooling phase the of and this phase reduced or interrupted. this A-B-C and the with To where the or people who to USE this the of the to creasing the To and the release the To without Q. This with the washing+drying and synthetics. On/Off Press this to the to or or switch off the supply to the light This light whilst the operating and when the ON/OFF Turn this clockwise or anti-clockwise to the that the with To the this clockwise the exactly the ENGLISH
selection only synthetics, the and the Select the and the Press and/or Press the ON/OFF Drying synthetics Select the Select the or Press the ON/OFF and (NON-STOP and only with and synthetics The and synthetics. these Select the and the Select the Press (only Press the ON/OFF The washed and without further action
and hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white (cold) items including synthetic and the non-shrink. the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and fast coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. ENGLISH
and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If using or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the manufacturers instructions to the lightly amounts of of Drying to thoroughly The higher the the the and the shorter the follow the instructions each that tumble-drying. the following: synthetic with plasticised finish, tights or of or containing to with which to the the and the hose correctly positioned. Characteristic French T.H. than than
International These appear to choose the to Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 95C 60C 40C 30C cleaning and high ENGLISH
and This option and synthetics. synthetics first of that 60C, with the empty, to from the and of the and the the the the the the item them as as the the the the amount of recommended the and the If to the prewash, the Measure the If required, the without exceeding the MAX Select the option to items and to the with Select the Turn the to the P0004 P0876 P0877 P0880S
Select the Turn the clockwise to the or sector). the and the Turn the clockwise to the and the On/Off the operating light and the to At the of the The automatically. or the to the locking to release the On/Off to switch the off. The operating light the Turn the to completely empty, as to items or their of whites. Release the which pressed. Turn the off and the the to the M0041 P0917 P0080 ENGLISH
and washing+drying of option Whites with prewash heavy Coloureds with prewash Coloureds without prewash C Whites and coloureds lightly with and The indicated the each and the type of and of Drying sector. of of Whites without prewash normally and Prewash 40C 60-95C 60-95C Prewash 40C 40-60C 40-60C 30-60C Iron
synthetics, and washing+drying (synthetics) of option Synthetics with prewash heavy with Short Short and The indicated the each and the type of and of Drying sector. of of Synthetics without prewash normally Synthetics, Prewash 40C 40-60C Short 40-60C Short 30-40C Short 30-40C Short Iron ENGLISH
Clean the of the with and household with clean and with cloth. methylated or products to the while, and the Clean the from to To the from the the the corner. To cleaning, the top of the the recess: clean with toothbrush. the cleaning. The collects threads and the that the clean. the the and the Clean the then screwing MAINTENANCE P0879 P0038 P0861 P0040 P0859 P0878 P0860
Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the and the Clean with the and screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the (outlet or outlet hose clogged), as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the hose the and the Should to to the hose because, the built the slightly the outlet the to the slowly. At the screw the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the outlet hose and that of the hose the Select and the the from the Screw the hose back and the hose back its this, the the formation of and, of the affected the that the 0C. P0041 ENGLISH
which The that the closed. The that the The then immediately: The and/or There the Too or too used. The or that the and SOMETHING NOT WORKING? that the and that there the that the or the the that the correctly and the ON/OFF depressed. that of the that the hose or that the the hose blocked. that the closed. The of the hose too to section. that the hose or with the option selected. that the distributed the whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to that the hose that the resting that the resting the ground and that the securely tightened. that the distributed the there the
Unsatisfactory Too or used. The or the The Water the The or the enough: If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. Stubborn treated to The and selected. The The released. There the with the option selected). The the distributed the The redistributed rotation of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The with which with other This to the and the increase this performance The which the of with Performance nevertheless The selected. The closed. The the sector selected. The overloaded. The depressed. P0042 ENGLISH