PM Black
PM Black Information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to the functioning of the and the These the of You MUST them or using the This should when It to the or to this and Serious to the and to property this to. section instructions. to this should or to this should or to that the the If the please the to allow to freely. Child This to operated Children should to with the or with the and known to washer-dryers. Please The becomes the and from the of the whilst operation. from of reach. the and off the supply the section the instruction and which to washed and If the the clothes. that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. such as screws, or other and the which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the items such as or as it such items to the and the the of to the to the of and should washed/dried of their please with the of the item The should that they their or otherwise) their clothing. items that with chemicals such as cleaning fluid.These of and items which or should the the as the to withstand the heat. If to wash-through-to-dry should the the porthole slightly washes to the should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
PM Black the Information New Washer-Dryer of the Appliance The Functions Information the Measure the the Switch the Select the Select the or the option the options Select the the At the of the Drying only Autodrying (NON STOP and Drying Which to which and Drying The following found the text to throughout the instructions: and Cleaning each cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the The of Something Not Service and Conditions the Instructions Technical Specifications Positioning Water Water the of the to the Instruction instructions and information
PM Black New Washer-Dryer with the JET SYSTEM, effective treatment of with and the amount of to the and type of The with its with The that the when cooling of the to 60C with the 95C This reduces thermal shock to to creasing. The that whatever the weather. hints To and and the that follow these hints: the of to the of supply, the amount of and the of Select Quick lightly without prewash normally to the of the as The higher the the the electricity and the the with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the manually and information the section headed "Something Not Working". with the with Council or Health Office to there this the to scrapped, off the supply and the to from to country authorised to the the of the
PM Black of the Appliance chart feet Prewash
PM Black The chart chart English the of the Mains-on Light This light when the ON/OFF pressed, and when On/Off Press this to switch the Press to switch the off. Option the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the START/PAUSE these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the light flashes about seconds and the displayed. Press this to reduce the of the the the selected or to The light to the selected option The following the Synthetics, Delicates: selecting option the to the from creasing. the finished, the light of the START/PAUSE flashes to that the There to the Select and START/PAUSE The without Attention! selecting the first turned to START/PAUSE the the to the type of selected. Select the of the and then the START/PAUSE This option selected the WASHING DRYING Prewash The prewash 30C The prewash with and Synthetics and with emptying of the Delicates. This option with the when heavily heavy The prolonged and synthetics. This function selected together with the QUICK WASH option and the
PM Black this the reduced as follows: 95C 60C 40C and 30C synthetics This option with the and the To lightly Can with the The instead of This option recommended people who to and where the 10Drying If to the the appears the to the or synthetics) to COTTON from to SYNTHETICS from to from hour to of hours of this Selecting the Switch the the ON/OFF Select the and the Select the the once each hour of the START/PAUSE the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. the START/PAUSE DELAY START the displayed. If to the the once: the displayed. START/PAUSE The selected straight shows the following information: Duration of the Drying Incorrect option selection If three flashing appear the Duration of the selected selecting the hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the updated every the finished flashing displayed. If selected the option the flash. Drying The selected displayed or hours and
PM Black the the updated The selected hours of the appears the seconds, then the of the selected displayed. The countdown hour. Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the displayed. the of operating displayed, E20 Something This three of selected the this to the the light flashing. If selected the the its countdown. The of the or the appears the To which the the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the START/PAUSE of the The of The of the with option and the selecting the the lights to the phases the the started, only the phase light the finished, the light
PM Black The Synthetics The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to the ENERGY SAVING and to At the of the the turned to Functions lights the combined. the pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the light flashes about seconds and the displayed. of The when the light (END) the flashing appears the Turn the to Switch the off and the You the it the started, turning the to and then the the START/PAUSE the START/PAUSE to which the light to flash. Turn the to to which three flashing appear the the the First the to PAUSE pressing the START/PAUSE If the this that the already heating or that the the of the or that the the the first and the of the cooling phase). If the to to switch the off the ON/OFF about the to the and of the To the ON/OFF closing the information as as and with the Select this heavily the the This The 30C and with the the The only the START/PAUSE and the to reduce eventually the of and START/PAUSE If the within hours, the automatically. Wool
PM Black At the of the the the Turn first the to then the and the START/PAUSE With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced with this The the which reduced emptying the of the with the option. Turn first the to then and the START/PAUSE the washed You reduce the of to to the to This that combined with the following options: reduction, crease and To which lightly or which freshening 30C To the to selected.
PM Black the first that 60C, without the to from the and of the and the the the the catch outward. the the item them as as the Measure the the Measure the amount of and the If to the prewash or the the the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Switch the Press the ON/OFF to switch the The three or The light the light Select the Turn the the the with the the the lights to the phases the selected light The shows the of the
PM Black the or option the to choose the or option the light Select the option(s) The light to the Select the To of the DELAY START The light The to the selected displayed about seconds, which the of the selected appear the the START/PAUSE pressed, the selected appear the and the its countdown. the o the selected the START/PAUSE the light flashing. The light to the phase which The At the of the The automatically. If the option selected, the light of the START/PAUSE flashes to that the the steadily appears the The when flashing appears the Release of the indicated the of the light Turn the to the Switch the off the ON/OFF the from the and that the as to items or their of whites. If to another the the to the formation of and
PM Black Drying Warning! the loads: and synthetics. The and the hose the or connected to the the the ON/OFF to switch the Turn the to the or synthetics). The light the and the light the the DRYING TIME the appears the Press the START/PAUSE to the At the of the the to RESET and the ON/OFF to switch the off. the and (NON-STOP Warning! NON-STOP to the of and synthetics. the and as Switch the the ON/OFF Select the Select the Select the options of the buttons. If than that the to too the reduction of the selecting the The lowest the following: and synthetics with the the START/PAUSE At the of the turn the to RESET and the ON/OFF to switch the off. the
PM Black and Drying NOT the the the first the The of the items below as Tablecloth Tea Towelling towel Towelling Bath Apron the items with ones. Sort the to the type of and or torn items as they of which screws as these the the and and buttons. It to coloured items when the first together, the lowest White items should washed with coloured items. items ribbons, should or the of Bleach should with and of reach of such as to and should treated with products, which found household shops. to the with or New Wool the the other of should or cleaned. If the to or there the To with the and and without to that from the the heap too clothes with light coloured items such as as these attract the If the wasting become the heavily crumpled. the when the finished To when completed, when the or specifically Particularly items such as synthetic and with such as and with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the formation of follow the indications the the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the Drying high Drying reduced
PM Black Which To the from to the right and recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to cleaning and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which Fairy. cleaning and COLOUREDS coloured items should which to while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and other LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and coloureds. which Not only there of they Whether chose or or to choice. TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the measured the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce synthetics and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce conditioning sheets the conditioning sheets to of and the
PM Black synthetic and of and options White sheets, tablecloths, household White tablecloths, household Coloured shirts, towels, house- Synthetic and shirts, synthetic Wool 40-30C (COLD) The coloured 60C the reference the the with EEC This purely as indication: the relation to the and type of the of the supply and the The to the highest each of Prewash 60-95C 60-95C Prewash 67C Prewash 30C 30C Synthetics 30C Prewash 30C Short Prewash 40-30C 40-30C Short 40-30C- Short Wool 40-30C (COLD) 40-30C- Short Water
PM Black the The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the options of 30C with To START/PAUSE The hours. with with 30C Short the which Water
PM Black Drying of of towelling and (bathrobes, towels, and (towels, T-shirts, bathrobes) items to without Synthetics and household Iron and tablecloths, shirts, The STORE DRY the reference the with EC Drying
PM Black to clothes with the The with the of The easy to the WASHING SYMBOL BLEACHING IRONING DRY CLEANING TUMBLE DRYING Notes the and additives. Once the gently. This WASH ACTION FABRIC Normal Normal Reduced Normal Reduced Reduced Chlorine bleach Cool cleaned. Other and/or beneath the the to the cleaner. with high heat with heat through DO NOT to the the prematurely. and prewash the the the the prewash finished. White or without or without Colourfast 60C. Polyester/Cotton, with Finishes, Cotton/Acrylic or Colourfast 40C 60C. Acrylics, Wool Wool, Wool Acrylic,
PM Black and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of (such as cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the pressing the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The the operating of the and should therefore cleaned every the to catch If the and the to to the manually from the this To this, the hose from the or and the of the hose the The should the the the hose back and the the flowing Unscrew and the
PM Black Clean Warning the and the selected there the the the finished the and empty. the securely as to and to The If or of the become clogged. It therefore to them from to Turn off the Unscrew the and the the and the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the Unhook the hose from the and the of this hose and that of the hose the the Screw the hose and the to the that the 0C.
PM Black Something Not to of or oversights, which easily without Service Force please the below. IMPORTANT: to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the that of the following flashing appears the E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the the START/PAUSE to the If the Service Force Symptom The The closed. (E10) The The then immediately The and/or Too or too There the Too or used. Unsatisfactory amount of the and to The closed. (E40) The properly the There supply the The or the the The START/PAUSE depressed. The DELAY START option selected. The the hose (E10) The hose or (E10) The closed. (E40) The of the hose too The of the hose There the of the The hose or (E20) The RINSE HOLD option selected. The (E20) The hose fitted, correct. Follow the instructions to the The The unbalanced: redistribute the clothes the to allow the to whether there from the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose or securely positioned. The or clogged. The Stubborn treated to The selected. Too the
PM Black Symptom The internal The when The or the The based the without affecting performance. The or properly If the there Service Force Service If or to purchase Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. the Service Force please the and of the This information found the rating or the The with the or The and The distributed the there the The the of the The heating the or the clothes. The The when the END light The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the or this redistribute the manually and the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the The selected The turned (E10) The (E20) The The selected or sector the Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
PM Black Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with, authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which NOT If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
PM Black Instructions It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply to this should or to this should or Technical Specifications DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED (10A) WATER PRESSURE MAXIMUM RECOMMENDED LOAD Synthetics Wool Drying SPIN SPEED CONSUMPTION DATA FOR WASHING KG NORMALLY SOILED COTTON Water ITEMS AT 60C WITH COLD WATER FILLING This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Synthetics
PM Black and the You to the the to and the right the its back, that the hoses squashed. the and off the the screw. the right polythene the operation the and polythene the the screws with the the and the screw. the upright and the from the back. the three from the which the fitted. the with the which the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other or the to the to permanently plumbed to supply and this connected to existing with the hose The hoses, and cold, with BSP thread If this with the of the existing installation, of from and plumbers merchants to to existing or plumber. to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the
PM Black Water the hose to with thread. the hose with the to to the supply. should comply with authority and building The to supply. of of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the the hose correctly the positioning the to the to Water This to permanently plumbed supply and The hose should the the hose the supplied. The should internal of there the hose and that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose covered with The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of
PM Black If the hose to that the and the the supplied. the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and with and of the operation. mounted to If the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting. Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the and dishwashers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority.
PM Black to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363 A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. WARNING: off serious (shock) that the off of Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Force IMPORTANT! The easily the the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the and earth
PM Black Building-in This to built the The should the shown A. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the with the the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base. To mount the to the of the of the The the fixing The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B) with the Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thickness of the To the perfectly to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To of this necessary to screw the the of the Its to the the D).
PM Black If the to from to right, the of the plates the and the and E). Mount the and the as previously the and of when the integrated to Where the mounting the The to the should and If to to the height that of and screwed to the of the F). four fixing G) the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The reason the this to allow of to front of the the to the four countersunk screws H). With the four the and clearance of approximately the top of the and the of the should with the with this the further to the of approximately W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from
PM Black