Information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the These the of You MUST them or the This heavy. should when It to the or to this and Serious to the and to property this to. section instructions. to this should or to this should or to that the the supply If the please the to allow to freely. Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and known to Please The becomes the and children from the vicinity of the whilst operation. from of reach. the and off the the section the instruction which to washed. If the the clothes. that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. such as screws, or other and the which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the items such as or as such items to the and the the of to the to the of and should washed of their please with the of the item items that with chemicals such as cleaning fluid.These of and items which washed or should the the as the to withstand the heat. If to wash-through-to-dry should the the porthole slightly washes to the should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
the Information New Washer-Dryer of the Appliance Child The of white 95C the Measure the the the options Select the the At the of the of 50C the the the Select the options Select the the At the of the Drying of the Select the Select the the At the of the Autodrying of the Measure the and Select the Select the option Select the the At the of the and Drying Which to which and Drying The following found the text to throughout the instructions: and Cleaning each cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the The of Something Not Service and Customer Conditions the Instructions Technical Specifications Positioning Water Water the of the Building-in to the Instruction instructions and information
New Washer-Dryer effective treatment of with and It with to and easy to and the selector. The with its with cooling of the to 60C with the 95C This reduces thermal shock to to creasing. The that whatever the weather. hints To and and the that follow these hints: the of to the of supply, the amount of and the of Select Quick option lightly without prewash normally to the of the as The higher the the the electricity and the shorter the with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the distributed the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the manually and information the section headed "Something Not Working". with the with Council or Health Office to there re-cycling this the to scrapped, off the supply and the to from to country authorised The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the to the the of the
of the Appliance Drying light Drying Option buttons ON/OFF Mains-on light Prewash Child This incorporates child to from the To this the (without pressing the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
The Drying light This light when the Drying Graduated to and synthetics, this allows to the to the type and of and the of sector sector synthetics Turn the clockwise only. the to Cooling phase To allow the to cooling phase the of and this phase reduced or interrupted. reduction this the reduced as follows: from to synthetics and from to from to to and to too to reduce the when and automatically. this A, B, C, and the reduced. This which lightly this and the This recommended people who to and where the Press this to the with the the This creasing which the clothes the to the this that the to and or the to the If this activated, the with This with the ON/OFF this the operating. the The with child-proof lock. the the of the to the the off Mains-on light This light when the and when the ON/OFF to switch the off. With the choose the and Turn clockwise the to the to the switched off the ON/OFF
the first that 95C, without the to from the and of the and the WASHING KG OF WHITE COTTON AT 95C of normally to It white and high the the the catch outward. the the item them as as the the the the amount of and the If to the prewash, the Measure the If the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the option(s) SPIN REDUCTION and/or QUICK WASH and/or SUPER RINSE and/or RINSE HOLD Select the Turn the clockwise to the B.
the the that: the the supply turned the hose correctly and securely the and the closed. the ON/OFF the light and the operating. At the of the The automatically. If the RINSE HOLD the with the of the the to the from creasing. To the and release the To only, The which releases the of the Switch the off the ON/OFF The light the finished to the and off the
WASHING KG OF MIXED FABRICS AT 50C of to They rather and should high the the the catch outward. the the item them as as the Measure the and the the the amount of and the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the option(s) SPIN REDUCTION, QUICK WASH or RINSE HOLD button, required. the Turn the clockwise to the the the that: the the supply turned the hose correctly and securely the and the closed. the ON/OFF the light and the At the of the The automatically. If the RINSE HOLD the with the of the the to the from creasing. To the and release the To only, The which releases the of the Switch the off the ON/OFF The light the finished to the and off the
DRYING KG OF COTTON You machine-washed and of They of weight which to as as they Switch off the Then the from the and the items to of each. the the the catch outward. the items and the Select the Turn the clockwise to Select the Following indications the chart the clockwise to the the sector. the the ON/OFF the light and light and the operating. At the of the The and the light The which releases the of the Switch the off the ON/OFF the light If the too further that the the cooling and anticrease phase. the finished to the and off the
AUTODRYING KG OF MIXED FABRICS You to and of which to ironed. Proceed as follows: the the the catch outward. the items and the the and the Measure the amount of and it the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the Turn the clockwise to Select the option QUICK WASH required. to and to too to reduce the when and automatically. Select the Following indications the chart the clockwise to the the sector. the the ON/OFF the light and the operating. At the of the The and the light The which releases the of the Switch the off the ON/OFF the light If the too further that the the cooling and anticrease phase. the finished to the and off the
and Drying NOT the the the first the The of the items below as Tablecloth Tea towel Towelling Towelling bath Bath Apron the items with ones. Sort the to the type of and or torn items as they of which screws as these the the and and buttons. It to coloured items when the first the lowest White items should washed with items. items ribbons, should washed or the of Bleach should with and of reach of such as to and should treated with products, which found household shops. to the with or If the to or only there the To with the and and without to that from the the heap too clothes with light coloured items such as as these the If the wasting become the heavily crumpled. the when the finished To charge when completed, when the or specifically items such as synthetic and with such as and with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the formation of follow the indications the the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the Drying high Drying reduced
Which To the from to the right and only recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to cleaning and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which Fairy. cleaning and COLOUREDS coloured items should which to while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and other LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and coloureds. which Not there of they Whether chose or or to choice. TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the measured the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce synthetics and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce sheets the conditioning (using to of and the
and of options and type of WHITES WITH PREWASH heavy items (whites and coloureds). White normally sheets, household towels. WHITES coloured or shirts, towels. FAST COLOUREDS Non coloured or shirts, NON- FAST COLOUREDS LONG SPIN and items This 60C with the reference the to EEC Directive Water and The as only. The incoming and and C with then the to the to switch the off and its operation. This would the memorised with This purely as the relation to the and type of the of the supply and the The to the highest each Prewash C C C C C(*) C
synthetics, and the NON-STOP synthetics, there of and type of Synthetic or coloured shirts, SYNTHETICS Lightly WORN ONCE synthetics or SHORT SPIN washed synthetics, and Specially tested the WOOL DELICATES RINSES synthetics, washed or items This Short SOFTENERS emptying the of with the option. DRAIN and with then the to the to switch the off and its operation. This would the memorised with This purely as indication: the relation to the and type of the of the supply and the The to the highest each C Short 30C Short of and C Short C Short Short options
Drying Drying of of and (towels, T-shirts, bathrobes) items to without Synthetics and household and (sheets, tablecloths, shirts, Iron Synthetics and (shirts, household The STORE DRY the reference the with EEC
to clothes with the The with the of The easy to the WASHING SYMBOL BLEACHING IRONING DRY CLEANING TUMBLE DRYING Notes the and additives. Once the gently. This WASH ACTION FABRIC Normal Normal Reduced Normal Reduced Reduced Chlorine bleach Cool cleaned. Other and/or beneath the the to the cleaner. with high heat with heat through DO NOT to the the prematurely. and prewash the the the the prewash finished. White or without or without Colourfast 60C. Polyester/Cotton, with Finishes, Cotton/Acrylic or Colourfast 40C 60C. Acrylics, Wool Wool, Wool Acrylic,
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of (such as cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The clean the operating of the and should therefore cleaned to catch If the and the to to the manually from the this To this, the hose from the or and the of the hose the The should the the the hose back and the the flowing
Unscrew and the Clean Warning the and the selected there the the the finished the and empty. the securely as to and to Warning the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the hoses. Clean the Tighten the hoses. The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the hoses. Unhook the hose from the and the of this hose and that of the hose the the Screw the hoses and the to the that the 0C. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled Unscrew and the the The should the the the the flowing the necessary as screw the
Something Not to of or oversights, which easily without Service Force please the below. IMPORTANT: to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the Symptom The the The The then immediately The and/or Too or too There the Unsatisfactory Too or used. amount of the and to The when The internal The closed. The properly the There supply the The or the the The correctly positioned. The ON/OFF depressed. The the hoses The hoses or The closed. The of the hose too The of the hose There the of the The hose or The RINSE HOLD option selected. The The hose fitted, correct. Follow the instructions to the The The unbalanced: redistribute the clothes the to allow the to whether there from of the hose(s) It easy to this as the the to The hose or securely positioned. The or clogged. The Stubborn treated to The selected. Too the The with the or The and The distributed the there the
Symptom The The The or the the based without affecting performance. The or properly Service the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following and Clear and of The and of the (found the rating The purchase To and please The released. There The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the The because the distributed the The redistributed rotation of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The selected The The The overloaded The selected or sector the Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows: Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded Please that purchase or service
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with, authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to statutory and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which NOT If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Instructions It to the or to this to that the the to this should or to this should or Technical Specifications DIMENSIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED (10A) WATER PRESSURE MAXIMUM RECOMMENDED LOAD Synthetics Wool Drying SPIN SPEED CONSUMPTION DATA FOR WASHING KG NORMALLY SOILED COTTON Water ITEMS AT 60C (PROGR. C) WITH COLD WATER FILLING This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Synthetics
Unpacking and the You to the the to and the right the its back, that the hoses squashed. the and off the the screw. the right polythene the the and polythene the the screws with the the and the previously screw. the upright and the from the back. the three spacers from the which the fitted. the with the which the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other or the to the to permanently plumbed to supply and this connected to existing with the hose The hoses, and cold, with BSP thread If this with the of the existing of from and plumbers merchants to to existing or plumber. Water the hose to with thread. previously hoses. should with authority and building The connected to supply. of of the
If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the the hoses correctly the positioning the hoses, to the to Water This to permanently plumbed of the following Firstly the of the hose the U supplied. the hose which should internal of there the hose and that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If hose this below) the U the hose the If the that the hose the and with required, the hose to from the the outlet
The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of connecting the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the the washer-dryer or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and with and of the operation. mounted to If the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting. Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the Washer-dryers and dishwashers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority.
to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. WARNING: off serious (shock) that the off of Should the supply to replaced, this Service Force the the the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth
Building-in This to built the The should the shown A. the the the hoses of the the back of the This to the hoses from becoming or trapped. AB. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the with the the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base. To mount the to the of the of the The the fixing The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B) with the Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thickness of the To the perfectly necessary to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To of this to screw the counter-magnet the of the Its to the the D).
If the to from to right, invert the of the plates the and the plate and E). Mount the and the as previously the and of when the integrated to Where the mounting the The to the should and If to to the height that of and screwed to the of the F). four fixing the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The reason the this to allow of to front of the the to the four countersunk screws H). With the four the and clearance of the top of the and the of the should with the with this the further to the of approximately W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from