based the RABC to
and Measures recommended from professionals Measures recommended from professionals from to Measures recommended from professionals Drying and finishing Measures recommended from professionals Protection Measures recommended from professionals Measures from professionals
found throughout or catering cleaning items clothing, whilst protecting their of of healthcare infections. It therefore to its to The items themselves threat to health and every of their and The to this to as to processed, whether threat to health or
to other and therefore the to as as the dirty. This of flows, the of to the and which the of their actions the operation. the whereby to to the of the used, the flow implemented to and the of healthcare infections. of process. The following tailored to every of carrying of the existing process, creating operating procedures and procedures that and service should selected to specifications and With this please the to this to based the RABC
and Measures to One containing towels, other One containing other clothing, furnishings and from the Collect with EN recommends that to the coloured as follows: One containing sheets of One containing catering and gowns, and
from professionals or wrapping other than specially this knotted to RED as this only and to which seriously the of the The of the its its origin. The written the the of the closed correctly once they that properly and reasons, than two-thirds The should without with trolleys and dirty) used: lightweight trolleys that easy to and Closing the the type of trolley (with or without cover, with or without foot chosen with the of and The trolley cleaned and disinfected. The to the The the expected of infection) of infection)
Measures recommended of the washed the service of the approach
from professionals to the with the of the the to the of the with the products washed or below family: family of of the to finished the If pillowcase and terry towel, actually the of the the pillowcase to the whereas the terry the the finishing the to the This should Higher
from to recommended the
from professionals the
Drying and finishing Measures recommended and to the finishing that the the of the from the of the washer the of four
from professionals Work flow family Immediately finished items Recommended and the washer the Immediately the trolley or Recommended to the washer manually Immediately the trolley Recommended to ironed: the washer Iron manually Immediately the trolley Recommended to the strictly. to heat the the and the batch each the Clean the the Clean reduce to If too finishing. the each type of and write family. the the that the overloaded. The freely the Dont hesitate to the loads. It and to heat the the the of the (fire It to overnight and the morning. the cooling the of the
Protection Measures recommended Protect the trolleys Follow the and
from professionals with microporous and/or trolleys or closed and where from where the to that the the higher than the and trolleys and/or o clean cleaning and disinfecting trolley covers microporous Re-wash the back from the wrapped and the wrapping Clean these operations.
Measures recommended of exclusively that Follow the flows to clean with
from professionals exclusively of internal disinfection should adopted. the clean covered trolleys or closed trolleys or directly to the wrapped the and closed vehicles exclusively this If the and flows to airtight the clean and the cleaning and disinfection together to the of vehicles and and to and trolleys or covers) of clean
of thinking www.electrolux.com than to It and to of the from to The ISO The the right to specifications without 9JLBZU