EWF EWF
to the of choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
information..............................5 Product hints..................................15 International information and cleaning Something Techical Customer service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Information the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply clean and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that or its hose and If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the installation. information
information If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the that and and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This children or infirm without should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that or the To this the incorporates To this the (without pressing the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and The ECO allows of and reduces chart Prewash charts with the One the front of the and the others attached the user assy. The chart the easily replaced: the chart from the the right and the chart with the required.
reduction
that the and with the instructions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO Then 95C, without the to from the and of the and the the the the outwards. the the item them as as the the and the the Measure the amount of the and, to the prewash phase, the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently.
Select the Turn the to the The light to flash. The following Synthetics Wool and and The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. Attention! If the to another when the the light to selection. The the selected Option buttons the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights Select the or Night or option Press the repeatedly to the to from the the The light light EWF synthetic, and EWF synthetics, and
Night selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and selectionned or with On synthetic and the with the finished the lights and the light and the light off and the to that the To this: the to the or reduce the of the when the finished the lights selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the lights and the light and the light off and the to that the To the please the previous option Select the Light or options Press the repeatedly, to the option. The light light You DAILY to normally synthetic or items. LIGHT to lightly synthetic or items. QUICK slightly items that or synthetic and These options selected with
Normal Synthetics If of options allowed with the selected the light On the the option light light Select the option This selected with the and The This option recommended people who to and where the the Light To the selected the the light flashing. The and lights to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, integrated light of the flashes
Select the the to the the repeatedly, to the The light This to the of the and hours. You this option the and the button. You the the button. If already the and to the as follows: the to PAUSE the the once, the light to the selected off. the to the The selected only selecting the The throughout the If to the first the to PAUSE the and then about the the The selected with the the lights the light this that the the The light the light the The light off: the The finished. flashing light: the the finished, the light option or It to option the the the The options Light and the pressed. Turn the to O and then to the The the
the the the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to O to which the the First the to the If the light flashes and off, the If the light this that the heating, that the the of the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to O about the to the and At the of the The automatically. If the or Night option selected, the phase lights and the light off and the to that the the To the please the the Night option Turn the to O to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the (cold) the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe tablecloth towelling cloth Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and hints
hints based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the
Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic T.H. hints
International International These appear to choose the to 95C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 60C 40C 30C cleaning and high
of of White (heavy items): sheets, tablecloths, household White and coloured lightly items, shirts, White and coloured (normally items): household towels. Coloured normally items shirts, with Non lightly shirts, White (heavy items): tablecloths, household with Prewash Coloureds (heavy items): tablecloths, household with Prewash 95C 60C 60C 40C 30C Prewash 30C 95C Prewash 30C 60C
of of Synthetic or coloured shirts, Synthetics Specially tested the Wool Cold hand washed items of emptying the with the or Night option. and Synthetics/Delicates Wool and Handwash 50-40-30C Short 30C Short Short Cold Short of
information Wool and Handwash Cancelling/OFF This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to as as and with the With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced emptying the of the with the and Night option. Turn first the to then and the washed and with and Night option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to To and to switch off the the to selected. information
and cleaning and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to clean the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the
Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to the emptying the and its the cover and to of when the cover. from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Warning! the and the selected there the and cleaning
and cleaning the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and children to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the to the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE that of the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as the emptying hose its seat screw the cover and the
Something to of or oversights, which easily without contacting Service please the below. operation that the light flashes to that the Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The The The closed. light flashes) The then immediately: The closed. light flashes) The properly the There the The The correctly and the depressed. The selected. The hose or light flashes) The the hose light flashes) The properly closed. light flashes) The of the hose too something the the the Please installation. the Please the and the If the to washed immediately, the the the hose Clean the hose the to section.
something Malfunction The and/or There the Too or too used. Unsatisfactory The The The hose or light flashes) The clogged. light flashes) The the option or selected. The distributed the whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The the emptying hose cleaning the Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The released. There the the hose Clean the Select the or Redistribute the the or another the hose with the back the emptying and the back its seat. Increase the or another products to the selected the the the of about Select or to the
Malfunction The or or the The the The and The The distributed the there the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. something the of the the of the Redistribute the Redistribute the
something If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information.
Technical Information the the rating the of the Water (EWF W) (EWF W) Height Synthetics and technical
Synthetics Wool Handwash The with of the reference the the with EEC The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Water
and the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With and the rear the spacer. Unscrew and the and the C the and the C
the porthole, the hose from the and the with the the the and the with the the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation.Never or the to the Water hose and found the the hose from to to the supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of the hose correctly the
positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose The hose to of hose and from Service
This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other the to earthed The responsibility or through to comply with the Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Please that when the the easily
The with the This that they recycled of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then to the the of and the of washed.
This each of the countries the following the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of these countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the home, The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Customer Service Should further please Customer Service M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great LUTON LU4 9RJ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S6, CH-5506 SK, Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.com service
ANC