EWG
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
information..............................5 Product hints..................................18 International information and cleaning Something Techical Customer service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Information the of and to the and first using the this including its hints and To and to that people using the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and It to the or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the the supply If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the installation. information
information If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the that and and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the the the or the that the of the Child This or infirm without Young should to that they with the The to children of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that children or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and The allows of and reduces Prewash
reduction Iron
First that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the 90C, without the to from the and of the and the Acoustic The of acoustic which sounds the following when selecting when the options buttons of selection the of the the of operating the Iron and about seconds, the acoustic deactivated the of operating these buttons the the acoustic reactivated. Child This to the without the that might or to the This function when the There to this option: pressing the to themachine. the to other or option. To this option about seconds and buttons the appears (from) the the the the outwards. the the item them as as the the and the the it the amount of
required, the and, to with the prewash phase, the If the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the Turn the to the The sounds. The and the the chosen. You these operating the buttons. The shows the following information about the selected The light to flash. The following Normal, +Prewash and Eco+Prewash Synthetics Normal and +Prewash Wool and and The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. O to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. phase the
Attention! If the to another when the the light and the appear the to selection. The the selected Option buttons the combined. These selected choosing the and the option with the selected or option, the displayed the of the seconds, and the integrated light flashing. the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed from the the 90C 60C Synthetics, 40C Delicates, Wool, to handwashed and and 30C while to the the thermometer animated. Select the or Night option Press the repeatedly to the to from the the the phase the animated. Wool and Handwash: Synthetics and and option the phases increases the of selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the shows the the light off and the locked to that the
To the the to the or reduce the of the the of the the shows flashing. The locked) and the Night selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and selectionned or with the with the finished, the shows flashing, the locked) the light off and the to that the To the please the previous option Select the Iron option Selecting this the washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the and synthetics. This function and synthetic Select the option The This option recommended people who to and where the Select the the to the the repeatedly, to the The appear the the of the The selected to hours) appear the about seconds, then the of the appear
You this option the and the If to the the to the the the and You the the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this Selecting the Select the and the options. Select the the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. the the displayed. The selected with The shows the following information: Duration of the selected selecting the hours and The the clock animated. The the of the recommended each type of the started, the phase selecting the the phase to the phases the shown the of the
the and the started, the locked) lighted-on and the phase The the clock animated. the finished, flashing and the locked) The selected hours of the appears the about seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The phase lighted-on. The hour and then, when hour the every Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the the of the about seconds and the integrated light flashing. the of operating displayed, E20 Something of the finished flashing displayed, the locked) and the Heating phase the the shows the animated to that the the heating phase of the the
Select the To the selected the the light flashing. The locked appears the to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, integrated light of the flashes the about seconds. Three acoustic sound. Select the option This function allows to the the the and repeatedly, the of the increased or decreased. The option selected with The the to which type of chosen. of heavy items Normal items items Light slightly items slightly items synthetic and Once the the option Attention! The option selected with the items or
The of these to the type of as shown the following chart: 90C 60C 50C 40C 30C (cold) Synthetics 60C 50C 40C 30C (cold) 40C 30C (cold) option or It to option the the the the option the started.) Turn the to and then to the the the The the the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to to which the the First the to the If the locked the the If the locked light off, this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to about the to the and
At the of the The automatically. acoustic sound If the or Night options selected, the light off, flashing appear the the locked) and the to that the the To the please the the option At the of the the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
hints hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the (Cold) the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe tablecloth towelling towel cloth blouse
Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to Mould with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If using or without prewash selected. hints
hints The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic French T.H.
International These appear to choose the to 95C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble International 60C 40C 30C cleaning and high
of of Normal White and coloured normally White and coloured lightly normally items Prewash White and coloured heavily White and coloured lightly-normally Prewash Synthetics Normal Synthetic or normally Synthetics Prewash Synthetic or heavily the which and switching the off. Red./No Spin/Night Iron, Red./No Spin/Night Iron, Red./No Spin/Night Iron, Red./No Spin/Night Iron, Red./No Spin/Night Iron, Red./No Spin/Night Iron, Red./No Spin/Night from 90C to (cold) from 90C to 40C Prewash 30C from 90C to (cold) Prewash 30C from 90C to 40C from 60C to (cold) Short Prewash 30C from 60C to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short
of of Specially the Wool Handwash items items to washed and items. emptying the with the or Night option. and Reduction Delicates........................................2.5 Synthetics......................................2.5 Wool/Handwash Red./ Spin/Night Red./ Spin/Night Red./No Spin/Night Red./No Spin/Night Red./No Spin/Night Iron, from to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short 40C Short 30C Short the of
information information Wool and Cancelling/OFF This selected slightly or normally and synthetic items. The and the This allows to as as and with the and synthetics items. 30C. The reduced to With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced the emptying the of the with the or Night option. Turn first the to then and the washed and with or Night option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to To and to switch off the the to selected.
and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the and cleaning
and cleaning Cleaning the clean the operating of the and should therefore cleaned every to catch If the and the to to the manually from the this To this, the hose from the or and the of the hose the The should the the the hose back and the the flowing Unscrew and the Clean Warning! the and the selected there the the the finished the and empty. the securely as to and to
Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to clean from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the using Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the Unhook the hose from the and the of this hose and that of the hose the the Screw the hose and the to the that the 0C. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled Unscrew and the the The should the the the the flowing the as previously screw the and cleaning
Something Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. that the light flashes, of the following appears the and the acoustic sound every seconds to that the E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The The then immediately: The The closed. E10 The closed. E40 The properly the There the The or the the The correctly and the depressed. The selected. The of the hose too The hose or E10 The the hose E10 The properly closed. E40 the the the Please installation. the Please the and the If the to immediately, the to section. the the hose Clean the hose the
Malfunction The and/or The The the There the Too or too used. The hose or E20 The clogged. E20 The option or selected. The option selected. The distributed the The released. There the based without affecting performance. whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The the emptying hose cleaning the Something Check the hose Clean the Select the or Select the Redistribute the the of the locked Select or to the the or another the hose with the back the emptying and the back its seat.
Something Malfunction Unsatisfactory The or The Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The and The The distributed the there the The to the of The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the Increase the or another products to the selected the the the of the the of the Redistribute the Select the
Malfunction or the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the and Redistribute the
technical Technical Information the the rating the of the Water supply Height Synthetics Wool/Handwash
Normal Prewash Prewash Synthetics Synthetics Normal+Prewash Wool The shown this chart to purely as it the and type of the and the It to the highest each Water tion The (without prewash) 60C with of the reference the the with EEC the of the please to the the
and the You to that they the to and the right the its back, that the hoses squashed. the and off the the screw.. the right polythene the operation the and polythene the using the screws with the the and the previously screw. the upright and the from the back.
the with the with the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and with and of the operation. or the to the Water the hose from to to the supply the hose to with thread. the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose with the The hose lengthened.
If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of should comply with authority and building The connected to supply. of of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the Water This to permanently plumbed of the following Firstly the of the hose using the U supplied. the hose which should internal of there the hose and that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If hose this below) the U the hose the
outlet If the that the hose the and with required, the hose to from the the the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting. Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the and dishwashers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and
If further please authority. to this should or This earthed. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating Information the the rating the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow.
The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! off serious (shock) that the off of Should the to replaced, this MUST Service Force The supply easily the the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the yellow and earth
building-in This to built the The should the shown A. the the the hoses of the the back of the This to the hoses from becoming or trapped. AB. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the with the the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base. To mount the to the of the of the The the fixing
The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B) with the Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thickness of the To the perfectly to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To of this to screw the the of the Its to the the D). If the to from to right, invert the of the plates the and the and E). Mount the and the as previously the and of when the to Where the mounting the The to the should and If to to the height required, that of and screwed to the of the F). building-in
four fixing the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The reason the this to allow of to front of the the to the four countersunk screws H). With the four the and clearance of approximately the top of the and the of the should with the with this the further to the of W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed Measure to the the of and the of washed.
service that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the city supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The viced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within tho- which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the wing and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please purchase or service
Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service The of Ireland please the below: (Irl) Road, of Ireland This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
service Customer Service Should further please Customer Service M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.com
ANC