Information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to the functioning of the and the These the of You MUST them or the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this and Serious to the and to property this section instructions. to this should or to this should or to that the the supply If the please the to allow to freely. Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and children known to Please The becomes the and from the of the whilst operation. from of reach. the and turn off the the section the instruction which to washed. If the the clothes. that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. such as screws, or other and the which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the items such as or as such items to the and the the of to the to the of and should washed because of their please with the of the item items that with chemicals such as cleaning fluid.These of and items which washed or should the the as the to withstand the heat. If to wash-through-to-dry should the the porthole slightly washes to the should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
the Information New Washer of the Appliance Child The Information the Measure the and the Switch the Select the Select the SPIN SPEED or RINSE HOLD option Select the options Select the DELAY START the At the of the Drying and and Drying Which which and Drying The following found the text to throughout the instructions: to the Instruction and Cleaning each cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the The of Emergency emptying Something Not Working Service and the Instructions Technical Specifications Unpacking Positioning Water Water the of the Building-in instructions and information
New Washer-Dryer washer-dryer with the JET SYSTEM, effective treatment of with and washed economically the amount of to the and type of cooling of the to 60C with the 95C This reduces thermal shock to to creasing. The WOOL HANDWASH with its with The that the when The that whatever the weather. hints To and and the that follow these hints: the of to the of supply, the amount of and the of Select lightly without prewash normally The both and With and the then The higher the the the electricity and the the with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the distributed the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the manually and information the section headed "Something Not Working". the of the with the with Council or Health Office to there re-cycling this the to scrapped, off the and the to children from to country authorised The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the to the
of the Appliance Prewash The chart the of the Child This incorporates to from the To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
The The chart the of the AINS ON light This light when the ON/OFF pressed, and when ON/OFF Press this to switch the Press to switch the off. Option the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the these pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the light flashes about seconds and the displayed. Prewash The prewash 30C The prewash with and Synthetics and with emptying of the This option with the Wool and when heavily Press this to reduce the of the the the selected or to The light to the selected option The following the Synthetics and Handwash/Wool and The light to the selected option option selected, the to the from creasing. the finished, the light of the the and lights the alight to that the To there Select The without Select reduce eventually the of the and then the The and the the selected Attention! selecting or the to The option CANNOT selected the Drying
This option lightly synthetic or items hat or This option with the Wool /Handwash the E60 and E40 and Night choose this option, the the of the as to crease the phases this and selected or with On and synthetic the with To the choose of the following To the of the then the To the choose of the of and then the choosing the or the to this the intensity reduced. The the and Synthetics This option with Iron and This option recommended people who to and where the Drying this the to the or synthetics) to To the to the button the appears the and Synthetics from to Drying the displayed seconds, then the of the appear. The from hours and then hour to of hours of this Selecting the Select the and the options. Select the the its countdown. The the selected expired. The with or the already the displayed. to the immediately. This selected the this to the the light flashing. If selected the the its countdown. The of the or the appears the To which the the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the The shows the following information: Duration of the Drying Incorrect option selection of
of the If the turned to three displayed. (If the turned to the of the when the ON/OFF to switch the the Duration of the selected selecting the displayed hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the updated every Drying The selected displayed the the updated every The selected hours of the appears the seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The countdown updated every hour and, when the hours, each Incorrect option selection option which with the selected, the displayed seconds. the of operating displayed, E20 Something
of the finished flashing displayed. The when the light and the or Night option selected. selecting the the lights to the phases the the started, the phase light and the finished, the light The light flashes the of operating and the appears the E10 the E20 the E40 the To the Something The Synthetics Wool The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. E60 and E40 to the ENERGY SAVING and to At the of the the turned to OFF Functions of the light the the the or Night option selected). Turn the to Switch the off the ON/OFF the option or It to option the change, the washer the only Turn the to and then to the The the the the
the to which the light to flash. the to the the the You the the washer-dryer to PAUSE, the following the then 55C; the of the high; the If these when the the Should to the and should to switch the off the ON/OFF the to the and of the the the and the ON/OFF the the from the where interrupted. information Wool as as and with the With this to and which washed hand. The followed The reduced emptying the of the with the or Night option. Turn first the to then and the the washed You reduce the of to to the to With this the washed and to creasing. this To synthetic items. 40C This that combined with the following or Night and To which lightly or which freshening 30C To the to selected.
the first that 95C, without the to from the and of the of the and the the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Measure the and the the the amount of and the If selected the PREWASH option, the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. JETSYSTEM the and to to recommandations as to the amount of that should Therefore that than the the or bottle, the allowances or and light or heavy of clothes. If the amount correctly should to the It to head of lather the Switch the To switch the the /O FF the light The three flashing or If the the three flashing displayed. If the the of the flashing appears the Select the Turn the to the the lights to the phases the selected light The shows the of the
Select the or option the to choose the or option the light Select the options The light to the Select the option To of the The light The to the selected about seconds, which the of the selected appear the the pressed, the selected appear the and the its countdown. this to other the the the the and the the To the selected the the light flashing and the light to the phase which The If the option selected the the of the countdown. At the of the The automatically. The shows If the or Night option selected, the locked, the light of the the and lights the to that the the The shows flashing To the turning the to the without Select the of the and then the The and the the selected At the of the the light of the and the light The Turn the to
Switch the off the ON/OFF the from the and that the as to items or their of whites. If to another the the to the formation of and Drying Warning! the loads: and synthetics. The and the hose the or connected to the the the ON/OFF to switch the Select the Drying or Synthetics the Drying the appears the The light Press the to the At the of the the to and the ON/OFF to switch the off. the and (NON-STOP Warning! NON-STOP to the of and synthetics. the and when carrying the NON-STOP the to withstand the high Switch the the ON/OFF Select the Select eventually the options of the buttons. If than that the to too the reduction of the only selecting The lowest the following: and Synthetics Select the the the At the of the the to and the ON/OFF to switch the off. the
and Drying NOT the the the first the The of the items below as Tablecloth Tea hand Towelling towel Towelling bath Bath Apron the items with ones. Sort the to the type of and it or torn items as they of which screws as these the the and and buttons. It to coloured items when the first together, the lowest White items should washed with coloured items. items ribbons, should washed or the of Bleach should with and of reach of such as to and should treated with products, which found household shops. to the with or If the to or there the To with the and and without to that from the the heap too clothes with light coloured items such as as these attract the If the wasting become the heavily crumpled. the when the finished To charge when completed, when the or specifically Particularly items such as synthetic and with such as and with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the formation of follow the indications the Drying high Drying reduced the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the
Which To the from to the right and recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to cleaning and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which Fairy. cleaning and COLOURS coloured items should which to while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and other LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and which Not there of they Whether chose or or choice. TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the measured the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce synthetics and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce conditioning the to of and the
to clothes with the The with the of The easy to the WASHING SYMBOL BLEACHING IRONING DRY CLEANING TUMBLE DRYING Notes the and additives. Once the gently. This Chlorine bleach cleaned. Other and/or beneath the the to the cleaner. through DO NOT WASH ACTION FABRIC Normal Normal Reduced Normal Reduced Reduced Cool with high heat with heat to the the prematurely. and prewash the the the the prewash finished. White or without or without Colourfast 60C. Polyester/Cotton, with Finishes, Acrylic or Colourfast 40C 60C. Acrylics, Wool Wool, Wool Acrylic,
of Additional Section C OTTON C OTTON E60 C OTTON C OTTON E40 C OTTON YNTHETICS YNTHETICS E60 YNTHETICS Cold ELICATES Cold Cold HANDWASH WOOL *The Whites E60 C the reference the the with EC This purely as indication: the relation to the and type of the of the supply and the The to the highest each Whites 95C Normal Whites 60C Normal Whites and coloureds 60C Normal 40C Normal Coloureds CONOMY Non-fast coloureds Normal 60C Synthetics 42C Synthetics CONOMY Synthetics 30-40C 30-40C or Handwash and Wool 30-40C or SPIN SPEED/R. H. PREWASH QUICK WASH NIGHT CYCLE SENSITIVE SPIN SPEED/R. H. PREWASH NIGHT CYCLE SENSITIVE SPIN SPEED/R. H. PREWASH QUICK WASH NIGHT CYCLE SENSITIVE SPIN SPEED/R. H. PREWASH NIGHT CYCLE SENSITIVE SPIN SPEED/R. H. PREWASH QUICK WASH NIGHT CYCLE SENSITIVE SPIN SPEED/R. H. PREWASH QUICK WASH NIGHT CYCLE SENSITIVE SPIN SPEED/R. H. PREWASH NIGHT CYCLE SENSITIVE SPIN SPEED/R. H. PREWASH QUICK WASH NIGHT CYCLE SENSITIVE SPIN SPEED/R. H. PREWASH QUICK WASH NIGHT CYCLE SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE Water
Selector Additional Iron This purely as indication: the relation to the and type of the of the supply and the with emptying the with the or option. 40C Short 30C Short the which SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD SENSITIVE NIGHT CYCLE SPIN SPEED SPIN SPEED/R.H. PREWASH QUICK WASH NIGHT CYCLE SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE Water
Drying of towelling items to without Iron The STORE DRY the reference the with EC of and (bathrobes, towels, and (towels, T-shirts, bathrobes) Synthetics and household and (sheets, tablecloths, shirts, Drying
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of (such as cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to clean the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The the functioning of the and should therefore cleaned and the to catch If the and the to to the manually from the this To this, the hose from the or and the of the hose the The should the the the hose back and the the flowing
Unscrew and the Clean fast Warning the and the selected there the the the finished the and empty. the securely as to and children to The If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the hose from the and the of this hose and that of the hose the the Screw the hose and the to the that the 0C. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled Unscrew and the the The should the the the the flowing clean the as previously screw the
Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service Force please the below. IMPORTANT: to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, the that the light to and appears the E10 with the E20 with E40 Once the the to the If the Service Force Symptom The the E10 The The then immediately The and/or Too or too There the Too or used. Unsatisfactory amount of the and to The closed. E40 The properly the There the The or the the The correctly positioned. The depressed. The option selected. The the hose E10 The hose or E10 The closed. E40 The of the hose too The of the hose There the of the The hose or E20 The or Night option selected. The E20 The hose correct. Follow the instructions to the The E20 The unbalanced: redistribute the clothes the to allow the to whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose or securely positioned. The or clogged. The Stubborn treated to The wash/temperature selected. Too the
Symptom The internal The when The or the The the The or properly Service the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. To and please Customer Service Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland The with the or The The distributed the there the The the of the The heating the or the clothes. The The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. The selected. The turned E10 The clogged. E20 The overloaded. The selected or sector the please the the heading Something Not Working. the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of The and of the (found the rating plate The purchase
Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with, authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded Appliances found to within those which to Products of which NOT If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Instructions It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply to this should or to this should or Technical Specifications DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED (10A) WATER PRESSURE MAX. LOAD CAPACITY Washing: Synthetics Handwash/Wool SPIN SPEED CONSUMPTION DATA FOR WASHING KG NORMALLY SOILED COTTON Water ITEMS WITH THE ECONOMY PROGRAMME E60 This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications; EEC of Directive) and modifications. Synthetics
Unpacking and the You to the the to and the right the its back, that the hoses squashed. the and off the the screw. the right polythene the the and polythene the the screws with the the and the screw. the upright and the from the back. the three from the which the fitted. the with the with the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other or the to the washer-dryer to permanently plumbed to supply and this connected to existing with the hose The with BSP thread If this with the of the existing installation, of from and plumbers merchants to to existing or plumber. Water the hose to with thread. previously hoses. should comply with authority and building The connected to supply. of of the
If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the the hoses correctly the positioning the hoses, to the to Water This to permanently plumbed using of the following Firstly the of the hose the U supplied. the hose which should internal of there the hose and that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If hose this below) the U the hose the If the outlet that the hose the and with required, the hose to from the the washer
The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the the washer-dryer or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and with and of the operation. mounted to If the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting. Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the Washer-dryers and dishwashers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority.
to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. WARNING: off serious (shock) that the off of Should the supply to replaced, this Service Force the the supply the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth
Building-in This to built the The should the shown A. the the the hoses of the the back of the This to the hoses from becoming or trapped. AB. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the with the the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base. To mount the to the of the of the The the fixing The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B) with the Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thickness of the To the perfectly to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To operation of this to screw the the of the Its to the the D).
If the to from to right, invert the of the the and the plate and E). Mount the and the as previously the and of when the integrated to Where the mounting the The to the should and If to to the height required, that of and screwed to the of the F). four fixing the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The reason the this to allow of to front of the the to the four countersunk screws H). With the four the and clearance of approximately the top of the and the of the should with the with this the further to the of approximately W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from