EWG
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
information..............................5 Product hints..................................16 information and cleaning What to Technical The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Information the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and It to the or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the cleaning and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the the supply If the please the to allow to freely the that there from hoses and their the installation. information
information If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the their The to of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that children or the To children and becoming trapped, this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the
Product effective treatment of with and The New allows of and reduces therefore plate Compartment prewash. The prewash the of the Compartment or Compartment additives starch)
Below of the It shows the as as the buttons, lights and the These the following reduction Iron of Synthetics Wool
The shows the following information: Cold the the shows the animated to that the the heating phase of the the Night the phase the animated. option the phases and increases the of selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the shows three the the light of off and the to that the To the please the At the of the Night selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and selected or with On the with the fi nished, the shows three the the light of off and the to that the To the please the At the of the
the of operating displayed, E20 What to Option [when Iron Child First Normal/Daily Light/Quick Duration of the selected of time/Incorrect option selection/Alarm selecting the hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the every of the finished three flashing displayed, the and the /Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the the of the seconds and the integrated light of Clock the started, the and the clock animated. and the started, this and the phase the finished, three flashing and this disappears. selecting the the phase to the phases the shown the of the the of the phase The selected the appears the seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The The every hour and then, when hour the every phase Prewash
that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the or 95C, without the to from the and of the and the Acoustic The with acoustic which sounds the following the of the there pressing and about seconds, the acoustic there these buttons the the acoustic reactivated. Child This function allows to the and to that might or to the This function when the There to this option: To or this option buttons and about seconds the the appears or the the the outwards. the the item them as as the firmly. the and the the Measure the amount of required, the and, to the prewash the to the to other or option.
If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the Turn the to the The and the the chosen. You these operating the buttons. The light of the to flash. The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. Attention! If the to another when the the light of the and the appear the to selection. The the selected Option buttons the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the the the and the options chapter Select the the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to from the the selecting the the
Select the or Night option the selecting the shows the allowed Press this repeatedly to the to from the the or to or Night option. Select the Iron option the selecting this the washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the This function and synthetic On the reduced. Select the option the This selected with The This option recommended people who to and where the Select the the the to the the repeatedly, to the The appear the the of the The selected o hours) appear the about seconds, then the of the appear You this option the and the the locked. If to the the the to the the the and You the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this Selecting the Select the and the Select the Press the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. the Press Press the the displayed. Press The selected with Select the the To the selected the the light flashing.
Attention! The option selected with the The of these to the type of as shown the following chart: The appears the to that the operating and the locked. To which the the light to flash. To the from the which it interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, integrated light of the flashes the displayed seconds. the option buttons This function allows to the the this repeatedly, the of the increased or decreased. The appear the to the chosen of This option with Synthetic and of heavy items Normal items items Light slightly items slightly items items or that reduce the 95-90C 60C 50C 40C 30C (cold) Synthetics 60C 50C 40C 30C (cold) 40C 30C (cold) option or It to option the the the the option the started. If to the and selection Turn the to and then
to the the The the Press the to which the light to flash. Press this to the Turn the to to which You the the First the to PAUSE the If the the the If the off, this that the already heating, that the high. If the to to switch the off turning the to about the to the and closing the to the and options and At the of the The automatically. acoustic sound If with option that with the selected, the light of off, three appear the The and the locked to that the the To the the to the [and/or when reduce the of the the of the the shows three flashing. The and the At the of the turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and If within the finished, the of the switches off and the the light to that the to switched off. the from the and another or switch off the
hints hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) 90or normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and bearing the (cold) the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth Stubborn and It therefore to them to
fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If using without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the hints
hints Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of the treatment the follow the instructions If to the the immediately of Water classified of Information of the from the or from authority. when medium-high of (from of II). Follow the instructions. The of then to of of Characteristic T.H.
of of White and coloured (normally items) Cold Prewash Cold White and coloured (heavily items) Synthetic or (normally items) Synthetics Cold Synthetics Prewash Cold Synthetic or (Heavily items) Delicates Cold PIN REDUCTION emptying the with the or Night option with Iron option: If the option buttons that reduce the as indicated. (Red. reduced however with somewhat reduced PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD /N IGHT C YCLE ASY RON XTRA INSE IME MANAGER PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD /N IGHT C YCLE ASY RON XTRA INSE IME ANAGER PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD /N IGHT C YCLE ASY RON XTRA INSE IME ANAGER PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD /N IGHT C YCLE ASY RON XTRA INSE IME ANAGER PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD /N IGHT C YCLE XTRA INSE IME ANAGER Red. Prewash/Main Red. Short Red. Prewash/Main Short Red. Short Red. and the of
of of washed items items Cold items to washed and Cold hand Cold Specially tested the Wool Cold Prewash White and coloured normally White and coloured lightly the which and to switch the off with Iron option: PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD /N IGHT C YCLE ASY RON XTRA INSE PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD /N IGHT C YCLE PIN EDUCTION /N PIN INSE OLD /N IGHT C YCLE PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD /N IGHT C YCLE PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD /N IGHT C YCLE PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD /N IGHT C YCLE ASY RON XTRA INSE PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD /N IGHT C YCLE ASY RON XTRA INSE Short Short Short Short Prewash/Main
information Wool and Cancelling/OFF as as and with the or item If the the phase, items, redistribute the manually and then the and synthetics items. 30C. The reduced. This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to efficiency whilst With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced emptying the of the with the or Night option. Firstly, the to then the and washed and with Night or option. selecting this the turned to You choose the the to to the to To and to switch off the the to O. selected. information
and cleaning and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Clean with
Cleaning the the to clean the recess, that from the and of the recess. the the and the to the or containing the with scouring containing or or the with cleaning without to off cleaning COTTONS/LINEN or 95C, to option, of the from to and that trapped the Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled to the to and cleaning
and cleaning the emptying hose (B), the and its the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the cover the cover (A) and to of when the cover. from the rotating Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to
Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the using Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the to the that the 0C. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the cover. and cleaning
what to What to to of or oversights, which easily without contacting Service please the below. that the light of the acoustic sound and of the following appears the to that the E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the to the If the Service Malfunction The The closed. E40 The properly the There the The or the the The correctly and pressed. The selected. The Child activated. The closed. E10 The hose or E10 The the hose E10 The properly closed. E40 the firmly. the the Please the Please the and If the to washed immediately, the Deactivate the Child the the hose Clean the hose the firmly.
Malfunction The then immediately: The and/or There the Unsatisfactory The of the hose too The hose or E20 The clogged. E20 The Night or option selected. The distributed the Too or too used. whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The or hose The the emptying hose cleaning the Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. what to to section. the hose Clean the Select the or Redistribute the the or another the hose with the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Increase the or another products to the selected the the
what to Malfunction The The The or or the The released. There the The and The The distributed the there the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The too the of the to Select or to the the of the the of the Redistribute the Redistribute the items, redistribute the manually and then the
Malfunction The the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. what to
technical Technical Water Synthetics Wool The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Height Information the the rating plate the of the Water The 60C with of the reference the the with EEC the of please to the the the
Unpacking and using the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With the and the the spacer. Unscrew and the rear and the C the and the C
the and the with the the containing the instruction that the Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other screwing the or The MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation. or the to the the the Water hose and found the the hose from to to the supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of
the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of Water-stop The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the Should this the off and to Service to the should with authority and building regulations The to supply. of operation of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the Water This to manently plumbed of the Firstly the of the hose using the U plied.
the hose which should internal of approximately there the hose and that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The of If hose this below) the U the hose the If the outlet that the hose the and with the hose to from the the The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If to the hose from the that the and the
the U supplied. the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting. Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the should to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority.
to this should or Warning! THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating Information the the rating the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the follow- and Earth The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured nected to the N or coloured The coloured nected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! off serious (shock) that the off of Should the ance supply to replaced, this Service Force
the the supply the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the and earth Building-in This to built the The should the shown A. the the the hoses of the the back of the This to the hoses from becoming or trapped. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this it to screw the and the with the the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base.
To mount the to the of the of the The the fixing The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B) with the Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thickness of the To the perfectly to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To of this necessary to screw the the of the Its to the the D). If the to from to right, invert the of the plates the and the plate and E). Mount the counter-mag- and the as the and of when the installation to Where the mounting the The to the should and If to to the height required, that of and screwed to the of the F).
four fixing G. the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The reason the this to allow of to front of the the to the four countersunk screws H). With the four the and clearance of the top of the and the of the should with the with this the further to the of W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.co.uk ANC