Washer-dryer EWX
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
information..............................5 Product and hints information Drying and cleaning What to Technical Building The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Information the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and It to the specifications or to this high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the washer-dryer to and with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply cleaning and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the the supply If the please the to allow to freely the that there from hoses and their the installation. information
information If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which which to washed. Follow the instructions each the the section the that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. and should washed/dried of their please with the of the item The should that they their or otherwise) their clothing. items that with chemicals such as cleaning fluid.These of and items which washed or should the the as the to withstand the heat. If to wash-through-to-dry should the which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the the supply the the or the that the of the washer the porthole slightly washes to the
Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the their The to of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that children or the To or becoming this the incorporates To this the (without pressing the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the information
Product effective treatment of with and The ECO allows of and reduces therefore Compartment prewash. The prewash the of the Compartment or Compartment additives
of the It shows the as as the buttons, lights and the These the following reduction Drying buttons light
the of operating displayed, E20 chapter What to Duration of selected selecting the hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the every /Selected selecting the displayed or hours and the the /D The selected pressing the appears the seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. /Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the displayed seconds and the integrated light of of the finished three displayed, the light and the light of and the
phase selecting the the phase to the phases the shown the of the the started, only the the finished, the flashing displayed. selecting the appears indicating the of the Child This function allows to the functioning. light The light to that the operating and the locked. This light the light the the light off: the If within the finished, the backlight of the switches off and the the light to that the to switched off. buttons the from the and another or switch off the
First that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO of the and the Then 90C, without the to from the and Acoustic The with acoustic which sounds the following the of the there and about seconds, the acoustic deactivated there these the the acoustic reactivated. Child This function allows to the and to that children might or to the This function when the There to this option: To or this option and about seconds the the appears or the the the outwards. the the item them as as the the and the the it the amount of the and, to the prewash it the to the to other or option.
If the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the turning the Turn the to the The light of to and the shows the of the selected The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. Turn to to Switch OFF the the of each of the the the chapter At the of the the turned to to switch the off. Attention! If the to another when the the light of and the appear the to selection. The the selected Option buttons the combined. These selected choosing the and the these pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the integrated light of the flashes and the appears the seconds. the the and the options chapter Select the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to from the the washer-dryer. Select the or option Press repeatedly to the to
from the the washer- The light light the the the selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished the shows flashing, the light the light of off and the to that the To the please the chapter At the of the selecting this option, phases and as to the Recommended On the with Select the option The This option recommended people who to and where the Select the Drying If to this the appears the to the (cot- tons or synthetics) to from to Synthetics from to Every this the increases Select the the to the repeatedly, to the The light The selected to hours) appear the seconds, then the of the appear You this option the and The throughout the If to the the to the and the light the the the and the You or the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this button. Selecting the Select the and the Select the Press the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired.
the the Press Press once the displayed. Press The selected with Select the To the selected the light flashing. To which the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, integrated light of flashes the displayed seconds. Select the option This function allows to the the washer-dryer. this repeatedly, the of the increased or decreased. appear the to the chosen of of heavy items Normal items items Light slightly items slightly items that reduce the Attention! This option selected with the The of these to the type of as shown the following chart: 95-90C 60C 50C 40C 30C Synthetics 60C 50C 40C 30C 40C 30C items or Normal Light S.
option or It to options the the washer-dryer the option the started. Turn the to and then to the the The the Press to which the light to flash. Press the to the Turn the to to which You the the First the to If the light and then off, the If the light this that the already heating, that the too high. this the If the to to switch the off turning the to the to the and closing the to the and options and At the of the The automatically, the light of off and three appear the The sounds. If with option that with the selected, the light and the to that the the To the the to the or the reduce the the At the of the shows flashing the lights off and the Turn the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
Drying RYING ONLY The recommended and and synthetics. It to to of items the The and the hose the or connected to the the Select the or Synthetics the Drying sector). If to the appears the the Every this the increases The increase this Press to the the started, the every The type of (towelling, sheets, shirts, and or items the phase the that the of the the slightly that the items, redistribute them the and of At the of the the sounds and three appear the The light to that the locked. The of the to phase. this the and the showing three flashing If to the or the anti-crease phase or to or the to the light off). Turn the to the tion to switch the off. the and (NON-STOP NON-STOP the recommended and synthetics. It to to of items the when carrying
the and Switch the turning the to the selected the options the buttons. If than that the ance to too therefore the reduction of the selecting The lowest the following: and synthetics with Select the The shows the of the and the selected the the started, the every At the of the the to the to switch the off. the
and Drying hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and bearing the the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or hints and hints with or Treat with or them or clothes with light coloured items such as as these attract the the when the ance finished To charge when completed, when the or specifically Particularly items such as thetic and with such as and with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the mation of follow the indications the Drying high Drying reduced
hints and hints the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover pillow tablecloth towelling towel cloth Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to washing. fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and fast coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach.
the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly washer-dryer this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. hints and hints the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic T.H.
hints and hints the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the Attention! the reduce the of washed to Particularly items such as synthetic and with such as and clothes with light coloured items such as as these the when the finished To charge when completed, when the or specifically with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the mation of follow the indications the Drying high Drying reduced Drying The of the type of of the The indicated the Drying chapter The to to the of the of the already Additional If the the of the Attention! the to creasing of or
of of White and coloured (normally items) Prewash White and coloured (heavily items) Synthetic or (normally items) Synthetics Iron Synthetic or to and PIN REDUCTION If the SUPER QUICK option buttons that reduce the as indicated. (Red. reduced however with somewhat reduced cleaning PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD XTRA INSE IME MANAGER PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD XTRA INSE IME ANAGER PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD XTRA INSE IME ANAGER PIN /R INSE OLD XTRA INSE IME ANAGER PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD XTRA INSE Red. Prewash/Main Red. Short Red. Short Red. Short
of of emptying the with the option washed items items to washed and Handwash Specially tested the Wool White and coloured lightly the which and to switch the off PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD XTRA RINSE PIN INSE OLD PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD PIN EDUCTION /N PIN /R INSE OLD XTRA RINSE of Short Short Short
information Wool and Handwash Cancelling/OFF as as and with the or item If the the phase, items, redistribute the manually and then the and synthetic items. 30C. The reduced. This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to efficiency whilst With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced emptying the of the with the option. Firstly turn the to then the and washed and with or option. selecting this the turned to You choose the the to to the to To and to switch off the the to O. selected. information
Drying Drying of of items to with- with EC EN the reference the the tested the and with DRYING TIME each of them. and (bathrobes, towels, Synthetics and and tablecloths, shirts,
and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Clean with and cleaning
and cleaning Cleaning the the to clean the recess, that from the and of the recess. the the and the to the or containing the with scouring containing or or the with cleaning without to clean off cleaning COTTONS/LINEN or 95C, to option, of the from to and that trapped the Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: Disconnect the If the cooled to the to
the emptying hose (B), the and its the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the cover the cover (A) and to of when the cover. from the rotating Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to and cleaning
and cleaning Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the to the that the 0C. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the cover Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE
What to to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. operation that the light of the acoustic sound and of the following appears the to that the E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the to the If the Service Malfunction The washer-dryer The closed. E40 The properly the There the The or the the The correctly and pressed. The selected. The Child activated. The closed. E10 The hose or E10 The the hose E10 The properly closed. E40 what to the firmly. the the Please installation. the Please the and If the to washed immediately, the Deactivate the Child the the hose Clean the hose the firmly.
what to Malfunction The then immediately: The and/or There the Unsatisfactory The of the hose too The hose or E20 The clogged. E20 The or option selected. The distributed the Too or too used. whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The or hose The the emptying hose cleaning the Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. to section. the hose Clean the Select the or Redistribute the the or another the hose with the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Increase the or another products to the selected the the
Malfunction The The The or or the The released. There the The and The The distributed the there the The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The too what to the of the light off. Select or to the the of the the of the Redistribute the Redistribute the items, redistribute the manually and then the
what to Malfunction The the the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based using without affecting performance. The selected. The turned E10 The clogged. E20 The overloaded. The selected the Select the the Clean the the Select the the
Technical Water supply Synthetics Wool The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Height Information the the rating plate the of the Synthetics Water The 60C with of the reference the the with EEC technical the of please to the the the
and the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With the and the the Unscrew and the and the C the and the C
the and the with the the containing the instruction that the Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other screwing the or The MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation. or the to the the the Water hose and found the the hose from previous to to the supply. the porthole and the the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of
the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of Water-stop The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the Should this the off and to Service to the should comply with authority and building The connected to supply. of operation of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the Water This to manently plumbed of the Firstly the of the hose using the U plied.
the hose which should internal of approximately there the hose and that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If hose this below) the U the hose the Onto outlet If the that the hose the and with the hose to from the the washer-dryer. The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of
If to the hose from the that the and the the U supplied. the to or to that off amount of to that collected the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting. Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the Washer-dryers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority.
to this should or Warning! THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating Information the the rating plate the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the with the follow- and Earth The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The nected to the N or coloured The coloured nected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! off serious (shock) that the off of Should the
ance supply to replaced, this Service Force the the the of that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth Building-in This to built the The should the shown A. the the the hoses of the the back of the This to the hoses from becoming or trapped. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the with the the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base.
To mount the to the of the of the The the fixing The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B) with the Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thickness of the To the perfectly to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To operation of this to screw the the of the Its to the the D). If the to from to right, the of the plates the and the and E). Mount the counter-mag- and the as previously the and of when the integrated to Where the mounting the The
to the should and If to to the height required, that of and screwed to the of the F). four fixing G. the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The reason the this to allow of to front of the the to the using four countersunk screws H). With the four the and clearance of the top of the and the of the should with the with this the further to the of approximately W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then Measure to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.co.uk ANC