Dear customer, Please these operating instructions and to the indicated the first that this instruction reference and to owners. the that If it and the Service The of this the following The warning and/or the (Warning!, information that or functioning of the The information with this instructions and the of the and information about and of the with this to the protection of the
protection Technical specifications Positioning Water Water washer-dryer of the information hints Sorting the the Removing and additives Drying hints Drying Duration of the Additional International Water Emergency emptying Something ENGLISH
The following the interests of You them or the Installation internal the Serious caused to the or the protective or completely to the the instruction to this to this plumber. the that its supply If the that freely the and the This It other than those which and which to washed and Follow the instructions each the Follow the instructions the instruction that empty. such as and screws with If such to to they completely from the the items such as cloth or pillowcase to them the and the If with which to directly the to this only the recommended of amount the the porthole slightly when the This the and the formation of that the If the following the instructions the instruction the and the Repairs to the only Repairs inexperienced serious Service the supply to the from the of the high and the the
Child Children often of the should and allowed to with the The to of suffocation! them of reach. of reach. that children or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. The with the >PE< >PS< >PP< This that they of them properly authorised to country protection To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The it both and The the To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the the to scrapped, off the supply and the with the the catch to children from becoming trapped while The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the With and the then to the the of and the of washed. ENGLISH
Technical specifications DIMENSIONS WASHING DRYING MAXIMUM LOAD Synthetics Woollens/Handwash SPIN SPEED POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE/FREQUENCY V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED MINIMUM FUSE PROTECTION WATER PRESSURE This with the following EEC Directives: 73/23/EEC of relating to 89/336/EEC of relating to compatibility.
and using the You to that they the to and the screws. the the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the the from the of the Unscrew and the four Release the the polythene the right and then the right polythene the and then upwards. Carry the cover the of its as the arrow A and the top of the cover to closed. You instructions the cover assembling its the upright and the screw. the the with the which the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other screwing the or or the to the Water the hose to with thread. already hoses. The other of the hose which to the the the hose and the there ENGLISH
The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the this the when the This tying it to the with of or attaching to the branch This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the The hose the only the near the This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this Should the supply to replaced, this Service The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. WARNING: off serious (shock) that the off of The supply easily the
washer-dryer This which with the New effective treatment of with and Further achieved of and electricity to the and type of washed. The of selecting the and options offered this customised The DELAY START option allows to of the to the of The RINSE HOLD function with selected the the to the formation of creases. The shows the selected and the phase which The with its with The that whatever the weather. and The the the of the Prewash starch ENGLISH
The the following Synthetics, Wool and from and programme/Switching the The turned clockwise or anticlockwise to the and and Synthetic to ENERGY SAVING and to the to that the switched off. At the of the the turned to Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed from the the The light light 95C 60C 40C and 30C to COLD WASH. This option such as Press this repeatedly to the to from the the The light light synthetic and and RINSE HOLD when choose this option, the the of the as to the At the of the the light of the the light the and appear the to that the
To the choose of the following options: Select and then the the without or Select the of the and then the button. The and the the selected Attention! selecting the the or the to turned to the The option selected the WASHING DRYING OPTION buttons the combined. These selected choosing the and the button. these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights If incorrect option selected, the lights about seconds and the displayed. Prewash Select this option to prewashed the and The prewash with and synthetic whereas the the This option with the and The and synthetics and This option people who to and where the Dry of this choose the of and synthetics: and synthetics). Iron The light The the the to the selected of Dry and buttons the acoustic the of the the and of incorrect selection D rying this or synthetics, the light To to the about seconds. To the the the appears the to the or synthetics) to and Synthetics from to DISPLAY The following of information shown the Duration of hours and selected The the of the recommended each type of ENGLISH
While the the the displayed every The washer-dryer with the the of with option selected: this indicated flashing The washer-dryer completed the this indicated flashing the the every Selection of the the updated every If then seconds, the hours and the below). indicated hours hours and selected of the The displayed seconds, then the of the selected reappears. the the countdown every hour, and, the hours, every incorrect option selection this indicated the when function incompatible with the selected.
the the chapter, "Something Not This to the of the and then hour to of hours. The selected shown the about seconds; the of the reappears. You this option the and the The shown the every hour. You the the If the and to the as follows: the to PAUSE the the the displayed. the The with or This selected the and this to the The light the flashing and If selected of the countdown and shown the when this the interrupted. The light the flashing. To the the PAUSE the and becomes to the the the heating or phase; the of the high; the You the to PAUSE the phase lights the lights to the phases that the light the the light to the phase that currently ENGLISH
informations This that with the following options: reduction, and To which lightly or which freshening C. With this to and the which hand. The the The the items. If required, reduce the to the the emptying the of the with or, to to selection and to the Turn first the to then the and the the It to items. You reduce the of to to the to the It to synthetics, items. You reduce the of to it to the to Switching the off To or switch the off, the to selected.
hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white (cold) items including synthetic and the whites and coloureds Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth blouse Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat ENGLISH
with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If using or without prewash selected. The incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of ENGLISH
Drying hints the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the Sort of and Synthetics Warning: Loads of these otherwise obtained. Particularly items such as synthetic and with such as and with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the formation of Drying the to whether The following to usually Normal (reduced Duration of the The to the the of or the type of the of The the indicated the chart. become with the the that to the type of It to of these such as towels, to the of the SKIP/RESET to that that the completely and to each the should and cleaned. Additional Should the too the of the another Warning! To the formation of creases or of ENGLISH
first of that 95C, with the empty, to from the and of the and the the the the the the item them as as the Measure the the the amount of recommended the and the If to the prewash the Measure the If required, the without exceeding the MAX Switch the Turn the to the the to switch the To switch the off to Select the Turn the to The lights to the phases that the light The the of the selected the of the each type of The light flashing. If the of to the of the the the to the The the
Select the Press the to from the the or the (COLD WASH). The light light Select the or option Press the repeatedly, to the or the option. The light light If the option, the the of the with the the the options If dirty, to the Prewash option. If the option. The light Select the the the to delayed, the repeatedly, or pressed, to the The selected to hours) appear the seconds, then the of the appear the Press the The light flashing and only the light to the phase that If chosen the the countdown. The the of the or the selected ENGLISH
to option or its It to option the the the Turn the to and then to the the the The the to its the to which the light to flash. the to the to its You the the to the following the the heating phase 55C; the of the high; If these when the washer the Should to the and should to switch the off turning the to the to the and of the the the to the the to the previous repeating the options previously selected and At the of the At the of the the washer-dryer automatically. The light of the off, the light Prewash/Wash off. The flashing If selected the option, the lights the flashing the to that the To the there the to the and then the the without or the to the and then or Select the of the and then the button. The and the the selected the from the whether the completely empty, rotating with hand. The of this to items of from the where they might or another of to the supply and the from the the to the
DRYING KG OF COTTON You machine-washed and of They of which to as as they the from the and the items to of each. The and the hose the or connected to the the Turn the to the Dry If to the Dry the light Iron Dry If the Drying the appears the Press the to the At the of the turn the to to switch the off. the The increase to this AUTODRYING KG OF SYNTHETICS Warning! NON-STOP to the of and synthetics. You to and of synthetics which when carrying the and Switch the turning the to synthetics. the and Select the or of Select the options of the buttons. If than that the to too the reduction of the selecting The lowest the following: Synthetics with and Synthetics with the the At the of the the to to switch the off. the Attention! the the first and the of the cooling phase). ENGLISH
of options Cold household White towels, tablecloths Coloured White and coloured Cold Shirts, Synthetics Shirts, Synthetics Acrylic, items, the reduction/ Wool The E60 (White the reference the the with EEC This purely as indication: the relation to the and type of the of the supply and the The to the highest each Whites coloured and items, hand towels, sheets, tablecloths, shirts, reduction/ Prewash Coloureds Cold coloured and items, towels, sheets, tablecloths, shirts, Synthetic Synthetic Cold Cold Handwash the non-shrink, reduction Cold Handwash reduction/ Prewash reduction/ Prewash reduction/ Prewash reduction/ Prewash reduction/ Prewash
options Short lightly reduction/ the emptying the the of the with option and reduction 30C reduction/ Short Water and reduction the which or to switch the off ENGLISH
of towelling items to without Iron of and (bathrobes, towels, and (towels, T-shirts, bathrobes) Synthetics and household and (sheets, tablecloths, shirts, Drying ENGLISH
International These appear to choose the to Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 95C 60C 40C 30C cleaning and high ENGLISH
from to the and that the Clean the of the with and to dishes. with and with cloth. or products to clean the while, and the Clean the from to To the from the the the corner. To cleaning, the top of the the recess: with toothbrush. the cleaning. The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: Disconnect the If the cooled the to the to Release the emptying the and its the and to of when the ENGLISH
from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the Whe the the back the Empty the the flowing clean the necessary as previously the emptying hose its seat screw the and the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the from the the and the hose from the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the this, the the formation of and, of the affected the that the 0C. ENGLISH
Something which yourself. that of the following appears the E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the the to the If the Service The The closed. (E40) The or there the The or the the The type of selected of the button. The depressed. The option selected. The The closed. (E10) The hose or (E10) The the hose (E10) The properly closed. (E40) The then immediately: The and/or There the Too or too used. whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The the emptying hose cleaning the Unsatisfactory Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The or The The the of the The heating the or clothes. The The of the hose too to section. The hose or (E20) The option RINSE HOLD selected. The clogged. (E20) The and The The distributed the there the ENGLISH
or the enough: The or the enough If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the If the of the the enough, redistribute the manually and the The closed (E10) The (E20) The or of selected. or of chosen. There too the ENGLISH
Group. The choice The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the