Washer-dryer EWX
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
information..............................5 Product and hints International Drying information and cleaning Something Technical The following this information concerning and information to the information and information Customer service
Information the of and to the and first the this user including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and It to the specifications or to this high and the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the washer-dryer to and with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the the that the and hose and the the supply If the please the to allow to the information
information that there from hoses and their the installation. If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should plumber or to this should or This It other than those which and which to washed and Follow the instructions each the the section the that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. and should washed/dried of their please with the of the item The should that they their lighters or otherwise) their clothing. items that with chemicals such as cleaning fluid.These of and items which washed or should the the as the to withstand the heat. If to wash-through-to-dry should the which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the to the from the of the the washer-dryer the supply the the or the that the of the washer-dryer the porthole slightly washes to the Child This washer-dryer children or infirm without Young should to that they with the
The to of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that children or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the information
Product effective treatment of with and The allows of and reduces therefore Prewash
reduction Drying locked light buttons
that the and comply with the instructions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO of the and the Then 95C, without the to from the and Child This function allows to the without the that might or to the This function activated when the washer-dryer There to this option: the to the the to other or option. To this option Drying and buttons about seconds the appears (from) the Acoustic The of acoustic which sounds the following the of the there pressing the and Drying about seconds, the acoustic deactivated there these buttons the the acoustic reactivated. the the the outwards. the the item them as as the
Measure the and the the the amount of required, the and, to with the prewash phase, the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the Turn the to the The light to and the shows the of the selected The following Normal and +Prewash Synthetics and Iron and Wool and Drying and Synthetics The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. Turn to O to Switch OFF the At the of the the turned to O, to switch the off. Attention! If the to another when the the light and the appear the to selection. The the selected
Option buttons the options combined. These selected choosing the and the button. option with the already selected or option, the seconds, and the integrated light flashing. Select the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed from the the washer-dryer. 95C 60C Synthetics and Iron, 40C Delicates, Wool, to handwashed and 30C Select the Night or option Press the repeatedly to the to from the the washer-dryer. Synthetics, Iron, Wool and Handwash: and Night selecting this option, the the of the as to crease the phases this and selected or with On the with the finished, the light off, the shows flashing the locked light alight and the to that the To the turn the to the or reduce the the the the of the the shows flashing. The light locked and the selecting this option the of the to the from tout option
creasing. the finished the shows flashing, the locked light the light off and the to that the To the please the previous option Select the option The This option recommended people who to and where the Select the Drying this or thetics, the light and Synthetics from to Every the the increases The increase to This Select the the to the the repeatedly, to the The light The selected to hours) appear the about seconds, then the of the appear You this option the and the If to to the the to the to the the the and You the the The from
hours and then hour to of hours this Selecting the Select the and the the Press the the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. the Press the Press the the displayed. Press the The selected with The shows the following information: Duration of the selected selecting the hours and The the of the recommended each type of the started, the updated Selected selecting the shown or hours and the the updated phase selecting the the or phase to the phases the shown the of the the and the started, the locked light and the phase the finished, flashing appear the The selected hours the appears the about seconds, then the of the selected displayed. The every hour and then, when hour
the every Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the seconds and the integrated light flashing. If there displayed, E20 Something of the finished flashing displayed, the locked) and the lights and the Select the To the selected the the light flashing. The locked light to that the operating and the locked. The light the light the The light off: the The finished. To which the button: the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, integrated light of the flashes and the displayed seconds.
Select the option This function allows to the the washer-dryer. the and repeatedly, the of the increased or decreased. The shown the to which type of chosen. of heavy items Normal items items Light slightly items slightly items items or synthetic and Once the the option Attention! The option selected with the The of these to the type of as shown the following chart: 95C 60C 50C 40C 30C Synthetics 60C 50C 40C 30C 40C 30C option or It to option the the washer-dryer the
the option the started.) Turn the to O and then to the the the The the Press the to which the light to flash. Press the to the Turn the to to which You the the First the to the If the locked light off, the If the locked light this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the this the If the to to switch the off turning the to the to the and At the of the The automatically. The sounds. Three flashing appear the the light and the locked light off: the If the or Night option selected, the locked light alight: the to that the the To the please the the Night option At the of the the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
Drying Drying of You and of They of which to as as they Turn the to the tion to switch the off. Then the from the ance and the items to of each. The and the hose the or connected to the the Turn the to the Drying sector. Press the Drying ton the appears the the Press the to the At the of the the sounds. Three flashing appear the At this phase, which about this the locked light alight to that the At the of this phase, the locked light off and the If whish to the the phase or to or the to the locked light off and the immediately the Turn the tor to the to switch the off.
Autodrying of synthetics (NON-STOP If to and cally of synthetics which when carrying the and Switch the turning the to the selected the the Select the options the buttons. If than that the to too therefore the reduction of the selecting The lowest that with synthetics the the At the of the Turn the to the to switch the off. the Warning! NON-STOP to the of and synthetics.
hints and Drying hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, normally shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the non-shrink. the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or clothes with light coloured items such as as these attract the the when the ance finished To charge when completed, when the or specifically Particularly items such as thetic and with such as and with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the mation of follow the instructions the Drying high Drying reduced
the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth blouse Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with the cloth and the with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. hints
hints the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly washer-dryer this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If using or without prewash selected. The washer-dryer incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the Quantity of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly amounts of of Characteristic French T.H.
International
of of Normal White and coloured normally Prewash White and coloured heavily Synthetic or normally Synthetics Synthetic or to Iron White and coloured lightly normally items the which and switching the off. Synthetics Red. Night Red./ Night Red./ Night Night Red./ Night Red. Night from 95C to 30C the Prewash 30C from 95C to from 60C to Short from to Short from 60C to Short from 95C to 40C the
of of items to washed and Specially tested bearing the Wool items. emptying the with the or Night option. and Reduction Wool/Handwash..............................1 Iron Red./ Night Red./ Night Red./ Night Red./Night 30C Short from to Short from to Short the of
Drying Drying of of towelling and (bathrobes, towels, and (bathrobes, towels, items to without Synthetics and blous- house- Iron forironing and (sheets, tablecloths, shirts, The the reference the with EC Drying
information Wool and Iron Cancelling/OFF This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to efficiency as as and with the hand and synthetics items. 30C. The reduced to Selecting this the gently washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the This and synthetic With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced the emptying the of the with the or Night option. Firstly, the to then the and the washed and with option or Night selecting this the turned to You choose the pressing the to to the to To and to switch off the the to selected. information
and cleaning and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to clean the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the
Cleaning the the operation of the and should therefore cleaned every to catch If the and the to to the manually from the this To this, the hose from the or and the of the hose the The should the the the hose back and the the flowing Unscrew and the Clean Warning! the and the selected there the the the finished the and empty. the securely as to and to and cleaning
and cleaning Cleaning the If or of the become It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the Tighten the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the Unhook the hose from the and the of this hose and that of the hose the the Screw the hose and the to the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE which allow of the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled Unscrew and the the The should the the the the flowing the as previously screw the
Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. that the light flashes, the sounds and of the following appears the to that the E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The washer-dryer The then immediately: The The closed. E10 The closed. E40 The properly the There the The or the the The correctly and the pressed. The selected. The of the hose too The hose or E10 The the hose E10 The properly closed. E40 Something the firmly. the the Please the Please the and the If the to washed immediately, the to section. the the hose Clean the hose the firmly.
Something Malfunction The and/or The The the There the Too or too used. The hose or E20 The clogged. E20 The option selected. The option selected. The distributed the The released. There the based without affecting performance. whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose the hose Clean the Select the or the or Redistribute the the of the locked light Select or to the the or another the hose with
Malfunction Unsatisfactory The or The The or properly Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The and The The distributed the there too the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the The selected The turned E10 The E20 The overloaded. The selected or the Something Increase the or another products to the selected the the amount of the of the the of the Redistribute the Select the the Clean the the amount of Select the or the
Something Malfunction or the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The the distributed the The redistributed rotation of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the Redistribute the
Technical Information the the rating plate the of the Water supply Height Synthetics Wool/Handwash Iron Synthetics technical
Normal Prewash Synthetics Delicates Iron Handwash Wool The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Water tion The 60C with of the reference the the with EEC the of the please to the the
and the You to that they the to and the right the its back, that the hoses squashed. the and off the the screw.. the right polythene the operation the and polythene the the screws with the the and the screw. the upright and the from the back.
the with the with the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the washer-dryer or lowering the The feet tight to as they incorporate the MUST and with and of the operation. or the to the Water the hose from to to the the hose to with thread. the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose with the The hose lengthened.
If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of should with authority and building The connected to supply. of of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the Water This to permanently of the following Firstly the of the hose the U supplied. the hose which should internal of approximately there the hose and that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If hose this following the U the hose the
If the outlet that the hose the and with required, the hose to from the the washer- the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting. Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the Washer-dryers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and
If further please authority. to this should or This earthed. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating Information the the rating plate the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the with the following and Yellow......................- Earth The and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and
The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! off serious (shock) that the off of Should the supply to replaced, this MUST Service Force The supply easily the the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth
Building-in This to built the The should the shown A. the the the hoses of the the back of the This to the hoses from becoming or trapped. AB. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the counter-magnet with the the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base. To mount the to the of the of the The the fixing building-in
building-in The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B) with the Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thickness of the To the perfectly to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To the operation of this it to screw the the of the Its to the the D). If the to from to right, the of the the and the plate and E). Mount the and the as previously the and of when the integrated to Where the mounting the The to the should and If to to the height required, that of and screwed to the of the F).
four fixing the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The reason the this to allow of to front of the the to the using four countersunk screws H). With the four the and clearance of approximately the top of the and the of the should with the with this the further to the of W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from building-in
The with the This that they of them properly authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the city supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The viced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within tho- which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the and Clear of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please purchase or service
service Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service The of Ireland please the below: (Irl) Road, of Ireland This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Customer Service Should further please Customer Service M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S4, RO Industriestrasse CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.com service
ANC