Washer-dryer EWW
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
information..............................5 Product and hints International Drying information and cleaning Something Techical The following this information concerning and information to the information and information Customer service
Information the of and to the and first using the this user including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and It to the or to this high and the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the washer-dryer to and with whalebones, without or torn the and turn off the supply and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service This heavy. should when moving the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this to. section the user the that the and hose and the the If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the information
information If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should or to this should or This It other than those which and which to washed and Follow the instructions each the the section the that and and or torn and such as and NOT washed. and should washed/dried of their please with the of the item The should that they their or otherwise) their clothing. items that with chemicals such as cleaning fluid.These of and items which or should the the as the to withstand the heat. If to wash-through-to-dry should the which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the the supply to the from the of the the washer-dryer the supply the the or the that the of the washer-dryer the porthole slightly washes to the
Child This washer-dryer or infirm without children should to that they with the The to of suffocation! them of reach of reach. that children or the To this the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of closing the the anti-clockwise the information
Product effective treatment of with and The allows of and reduces Prewash
Reduction Drying light buttons
that the and with the instructions. the and from the of the of the to the ECO Then 95C, without the to from the and of the and the Acoustic The of acoustic which sounds the following the of the the of operating the Dry and Drying about seconds, the acoustic deactivated the of operating these the the acoustic reactivated. Child This to the without the that might or to the This function when the washer-dryer There to this option: the to the To or this option about seconds "Drying and buttons the the appears or the to other or option.
the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Measure the and the the the amount of required, the and, to with the prewash phase, the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the Turn the to the The light to and the shows the of the selected The following Prewash Synthetics Handwash Wool
Drying Synthetics The clockwise or anticlockwise. to Switching OFF of the At the of the the to O, to switch the off. Attention! If the to another when the the light and the appear the to selection. The the selected Option the combined. These selected choosing the and the these pressed, the lights they the lights the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed from the the washer-dryer. 90C 60C synthetics and easy 40C and 30C while to Select the or option Press this repeatedly to the to from the the washer-dryer. The light light Handwash and Wool: Synthetics, Delicates, option the phases and increases the of selecting this option the of the to the from creasing. the finished, the light off, the shows flashing
and the to that the To the the to or reduce the of the the of the the shows flashing The Select the of this choose the of and synthetics: and Synthetics) Iron The light The the the to the selected Select the Drying If to this the appears the to the (cot- tons or synthetics) to and Synthetics from to Every this the increases The increase to this Select the the to the the repeatedly, to the
The light The selected to appear the about seconds, then the of the appear You this option the and the If to the the to the the the and button You the the The from hours and then hour to of hours of this Selecting the Select the and the Select the the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. the the displayed. The selected with Select This people with to necessary to the using of Press the and buttons seconds: the light light This function permanently To the and buttons the light off. The shows the following information: Duration of the selected selecting the displayed hours and The the of the recommended each type of
the started, the every Selected selecting the displayed or hours and the the updated every Washing/Drying phase selecting the the and/or phase to the phases the shown the of the the and the started, the phase the finished, flashing appear the The selected hours of the appears the about seconds, then the of the selected displayed. The every hour and then, when hour the every Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the the of the about seconds and the integrated light flashing. the of operating displayed, E20 Something
of the finished flashing displayed, the light off and the Select the To the selected the button; the light flashing. The operating and the locked. To which the the light to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, integrated light of the flashes and the about seconds. the option This function allows to the the washer-dryer. the repeatedly, the of the increased or decreased. appear the to the choosen of of heavy items Normal items items Light slightly items slightly items synthetics and Attention! The option selected with the The of these to the type of as shown the following chart: items or
90C 60C 50C 40C 30C Synthetics 60C 50C 40C 30C 40C 30C option or It to option the the washer-dryer pressing the the option the started. Turn the to and then to the the the again.The the the to which the light to flash. the to the Turn the to to which the the First the to the If the this that the already heating, that the the of the or that the If the to to switch the off turning the to about the to the and
At the of the The automatically. The sounds. Three flashing appear the the light off: the If the option selected, the light off, three flashing appear the the to that the the To the please the the option At the of the the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
Drying Drying Warning! the following loads: and synthetics The and the hose the or connected to the the Select the or Synthetics the Drying sector). the Drying the appears the the If to the the the light to the lights Press the to the At the of the the sounds. Three flashing appear the Turn the to the to switch the off. the
and (NON-STOP NON-STOP to the of and synthetics. when carrying the and Switch the turning the to the selected Select the options of the buttons. If than that the to too the reduction of the only selecting The lowest the following: and thetics with and synthetics with Select the or the the ton. At the of the the to the to switch the off. the
and Drying hints Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics, normally white and cloths, towels, tablecloths, sheets...) normally soiled, shirts, or synthetic and lightly white items including synthetic and the non-shrink. (cold) the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first that the pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or clothes with light coloured items such as as these the the when the ance finished To when completed, when the or specifically Particularly items such as thetic and with such as and with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the mation of follow the indications the Drying high Drying reduced hints
hints the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the Recommended indicated the charts. too tightly packed; Synthetics: than and than third the of and heavily reduce the The following bathrobe cover tablecloth towelling cloth Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to fresh with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and fast coloureds only). and with the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with from white with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach.
the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly washer-dryer this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If or without prewash selected. The washer-dryer incorporates which allows of the the the or starching additives the the Follow the to and the MAX the of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. Follow the instructions to the lightly soiled, amounts of hints of Characteristic French T.H.
International International These appear to choose the to 95C Bleaching Bleach bleach 200C 150C 110C cleaning cleaning cleaning Drying On the On clothes Tumble 60C 40C 30C cleaning and high
of of White and coloured sheets, tablecloths, household shirts, +Prewash items tablecloths, household shirts, Synthetic or coloured shirts, Synthetics Iron Synthetic or Red. to from 95C Red. to (cold) from 90C Red. to (cold) from 60C Red. to (cold) Short from Red. to (cold) Short from 60C to Short
of of Red. and emptying the with the option. washed items. items to washed and Specially tested the Wool White and coloured lightly-normally items, shirts, the which and switching the off. Red. 30C Red. Short Red. Red. Red. of from to (cold) Short from to (cold) Short from 95C to 40C
loads: Synthetics/Delicates Iron........................................1 Wool and
Drying Drying of of and (bathrobes, bath towels, towelling and (bathrobes, towels, items to without Synthetics and blous- house- and tablecloths, shirts, Iron The the reference the with EC Drying
information Iron Handwash Wool Selecting this the washed and to creasing. this Furthermore the This and synthetic and synthetics items. 30C. The reduced to this of clothing whose that they hand-washed as as and with the information
information information Cancelling/OFF This selected slightly or normally and synthetic items. The and the This allows to With this to and which washed hand. The The reduced emptying the of the with the option. Turn first the to then and the hand and with or option. selecting this the turned to You choose the of the to to the to To and to switch off the the to selected.
and cleaning You DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the additive should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the and cleaning
and cleaning Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the the with or with the that the containing the instruction (or the the the with to the to the emptying from the cover, using when the cover, and the to of when the cover. from the rotating
the the to properly. screw the emptying the cover and the Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to clean from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the Tighten the and cleaning
and cleaning The of If the to below 0C, should the from the off the the with to the to from the emptying the of the hose the and screw the hose back and the emptying the cover. when to the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO VALVE that of the washing. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the with to the to the emptying from the cover. The should the the the back cover. Empty the the flowing clean the as the the and screw firmly as previously the emptying the cover and the
Something to of or oversights, which easily without contacting Service please the below. operation that the light flashes, of the following appears the and the acoustic sound every seconds to that the E10 with the supply E20 with E40 Once the the to the If the Service Malfunction The washer-dryer The then immediately: The The closed. E10 The closed. E40 The properly the There the The or the the The correctly and the The selected. The Child selected. The of the hose too The hose or E10 The the hose E10 The properly closed. E40 something the the the Please installation. the Please the and the If the to washed immediately, the the Child option. to section. the the hose Clean the hose the
something Malfunction The and/or The The the There the Too or (creates too used. The hose or E20 The clogged. E20 The option selected. The option selected. The distributed the The released. There the based without affecting performance. whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose The the emptying hose cleaning the the hose Clean the Select the or Select the or Redistribute the the of the released. Select or to the the or another the hose with the back the emptying hose and the back its seat..
Malfunction Unsatisfactory The or The The or properly Too or used. Stubborn treated to The selected. The and The The distributed the there the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the The or the selected The turned E10 The E20 The overloaded. The selected or the something Increase the or another products to the selected the the the of the the of the Redistribute the Select the or the the Clean the the Select the or the
something Malfunction or the If to or the service telephoning, of the and purchase of the Service this information. The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the Redistribute the
Technical Information the the rating plate the of the Water supply Height Synthetics Wooll and Synthetics technical
Prewash Synthetics Handwash Wool The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the It to the highest each Water The with 60C the reference the the with EEC please to the the the of the
Unpacking and using the You to that they the to the back to the from the the supply and the hose from the hose the of the With and the Unscrew and the and the C the and the C the
the porthole, the hose from the and the with the the the and the with the the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the washer-dryer or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation.Never or the to the Water hose and found the the hose from previous to to the supply. the porthole and the hose. the hose with the to the the hose the hose to the or right the of
the hose correctly the positioning the to the to the hose to with thread. the hose with the The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of Water The of the hose three the of using the hose with the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose the of the than the of the hose. The hose The hose to of hose and from Service
This to V, single-phase, supply. that the account other the to earthed The responsibility or through to with the Should the supply to replaced, this Service Please that when the the easily counter to the the from the reasons, it to the counter without the which Service Force The top to the as follows:Unscrew the screws from the back of the the to the back and to the below) The with the This that they of them properly
authorised to country The the or its that this treated as household Instead handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed. This each of the countries the following the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of these countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
service Customer Service Should further please Customer Service M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.com
ofrecerle Usted
Conserve o o No o introducirse o introducirse o o tomarse
Un o Un o botones o trate NO o Son o o o
o o incorpora
ECO VALVE reduce fin
Selector
ECO C fin incorpora o o o
Tire tope. fase MAX
o o C C C C o fases fin
o plancha o Nota
o fases fases fase reduce incorrecta E20
botones o Normal
90C C C C C C C C C C C o fase o
o o sector
o o o o
o botones o o o o o o o o
o incluso frotar o sean anterior, o
o frote Con C o C introducirse o incorpora o PIC MAX o T.H.
95C 60C 40C 30C Plancha Plancha Plancha planchar 200C 150C 110C R113 perchas R113
o o o red. red. red. red. red. C C C C
o interior. red. red. red. red. red. red. C 95C 40C
plancha CE
Con C. reduce
O. o O, o O.
DESCONECTAR o tope
o o (o
o
C, tomar C. ECO VALVE
o E10 E20 E40 E40 E10 o o E10 E10 E40 Desactive
o o o E20 E20 o o o o
o o o incorpora incluso o E10 E20 o o o o
o o anote
Hacen 60C CEE
inferior. Con tornillo tornillos tornillos C tornillos C
o incorporan DEBEN Conecte o
Conecte Con emplear o pared.
Conecte o tornillos
o o ofrecemos incluya fin Con
ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS ESPAA, S.A. o o o botones, o o o
o o o o informa o o ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS ESPAA, 3C MADRID CIF A08145872 M-300
o usted usted usted o fines
M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Q35 S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.com
ANC: