EWT
thinking of when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
of the to and cleaning Technical The following this information about cerning and informa- tion to the information. Information concerning the
These the of and others around Please these and pliance. Thank tion. this user with pliance. If the or to another please this included. This the the operating instructions and or to this This would that brooches, screws If they seriously the the amount of the the right amount of items together or pillow and hose the supply from the cleaning or clothes with unfinished or torn Unpack or the to immediately the of the to and the to the plumber. If to allow the to that, installation, the trapped the If the ted that the located the of the The with earthed which conforms to connecting to the supply, the instructions the chapter the should authorised service The from incorrect installation.
Precautions to frost If to below 0C, the following tions the and the the of this hose and the hose the Select the it the of the the from the supply turning the to Stop. the the hose and This the the formation which would turning that whe- the below the or or other to the instructions the of each item items the which with If such used, the these items the or with
of the The cover the Prewash the MAX The Function of the
of the The Child Child This option of the option activated the started, to the options or The and the option to the option activated the started, the started. To turn and Prewash and the shows the The the selection of this option. of or countdown To child the process. the activated, sounds when pressed, the of the to To turn and and Prewash the sounds. The active sounds. To the process.
to the first the and nections comply with the instructions. the and other items the 90C, without with to the Loading the of the the the The automatically. the the and the of closing the of that the properly closed the closed, locking released. Proportioning of to reduce and You therefore reduce the amounts recommended the amount of the and prewash selected the prewash option. the If another type, to the section and additives the Selection of You the right of the Turn the to the The flashes The which to the of the If the to another while to
to the the selected flashes and the flashes seconds then the reappears. Selecting the Press the repeatedly to crease or the to washed to the selected the The Selecting the Press the ton to the to to the lected the You or Night The and Wool and Synthetics, to and Sport and At the of the selected and or Night then to or to the Night The the the which the from creasing. there the and selected and Synthetics the Selecting options You the options selecting the and the Press the button(s) the lights If the lights If of the options with the selected flashes the and the flashes red. Prewash option The prewash 30C The prewash finishes with or synthetic and with option The or the This option recommended people with and areas.
Temporary Press the The option active the selected the and conds. The option permanently the switched off. To the process. option This option allows to the of hours to hours. The selected appears the seconds **The light You or the the the If already the and to or the as follows To the and the immediately, and then Press to the To the through the Stop and The the If to first the the closing the the The the Normally The or shorter the pushbuttons. The of of the indicated. Heavily Normally to
to Lightly lightly or The of these the selected type. of the Press the to the the light It the to stationary the The the and the appear the 2H If selected, the countdown appears the (hour hour, then and from Warming the the when the reaching the right the light proceeding as follows. Press the the light while the and the displayed. The to that the Press the to the the to the to the the If the flashes the and the flashes seconds. If to the the below). the If to the the to the Stop of the The the and flashes the The locking to that the
Turn the to the Stop and leaving the and to the and the formation of If the commands selected or The light and flashes slowly. To or the selector. to
Sorting and the Sort type and to International section below) tough which withstand and which to treated with loads, with items of of choose and the whites and whites coloured or New coloured clothes often It recommended to such items the first Follow instructions and Empty and items. buttons, and fas- and Turn coloured head- and with items tights, with and or type of The amount of the the capacity of the This the type of the heavily or of Not the the or the absorption the there- to and to cot- tons and to third of its capacity items such as and loads, and additives and additives to and and the ght amount of of This the The amount of to the of the the of the and heavily the If the reduce the amount slightly. If the recommended) or the heavily or stained, crease the amount slightly.
You information the of tacting or other There the of when prewash selected. without prewash, they of or the International NORMAL WASH 95C 60C 40C 30C DELICATE WASH BLEACHING Whitewashing (bleach) allowed and whitewashing (bleach) ted IRONING High 200C) 150C) 100C) DRY cleaning cleaning CLEANING DRYING clothes Tumble the immediately. or the of please to amounts and instructions. If to the diately. cleaning (only oil-based and R113) High
of options White or normally clothes, towels. Synthetics Synthetic shirts, creasing and clothes. The option activated. from to (or Night or ght washed items this items, 30C. items carrying the hand Wool carrying the Sport clothes. The Prewash option activated. White or normally clothes, towels. Reference conforming to CEI Night Prewash Prewash Night Prewash Night Night Night Night Prewash
type Synthetics Handwash Wool Sport Reference conforming to CEI which of shown to the each C
and cleaning and cleaning the cleaning. the To the amounts and often should The to the of the or products. To clean, as follows Drainage Clean the located the of the Water To clean, as follows
Numerous the factory. should malfunction, please to the sections below the service. The or The straight The or You found around the the there too the the there isnt enough the isnt correctly, the isnt the of and the closed firmly, the hasnt properly selected, there the supply off, the closed, the dirty, the too section). the hose or the obstructed, the of activated distributed the the or Night or option selected, the height of the too caused to flow, the the isnt attached correctly, the hasnt back the hose operating
operating The the too The The the of the The E40 pears the and the ton flashes The E20 pears the and the ton flashes red*** from the section), the isnt and unbalanced, the too to the or distributed the the too the the or supply off, the overheating the than the security activated (too and the the the of activated phase to the the or electricity supply selected, the the light the the too high, the the of the the isnt closed properly. the obstructed, the hose or the hose too high tion section). the the
The E10 pears the and the ton flashes red*** The EF0 pears the and the ton flashes red*** The constantly, when the inactive directly the when the **On the sound. the to the the closed, the supply off. the obstructed, the security please as follows the the the service. the security please as follows the the the service. the MAX operating
technical specifications Technical specifications DIMENSIONS Height LINE VOLTAGE FREQUENCY POWER CONSUMPTION WATER PRESSURE to supply This conforms to the CEE concerning the of interference and the 2006/95/CE protective the first Transporting non-secured internal and and The through physical Unpacking BSP
Untying technical specifications To the as surrounding ceed as follows Water supply the hose the of proceeding as follows the there The hose If too please the service.
technical The the of the hose tached to of the tor to the with the hose with the the the everything (or height of and to the of the to of The hose stretched. If too This connected single-phased V. the V. The connected with or that the earthed and that with tions. Positioning the and location. the with the or other To the as To pliance, its the located the of the from right to Once the the the back to its and the from when
of the carrying the of them and recycling. of which to others: off the supply the of the The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of rectly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about of this please household was- service or the where purchased the Protecting the To and and therefore the the following Whenever the and loads. the prewash and heavily items. amount of the of the section the right amount of the of the and the
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or the- reof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service
Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or telephone the or www.electro- Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded This countries the attached Services) and the specified the or, where necessary, legislation. If from of the- countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights ted to
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk