Washer-dryer EWW
information Product First Drying hints and to without information reference. The of with the industry and with the of as to the following It that this instruction should retained with the ance reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the or- that the to the functioning of the and the You MUST them or using the first the ance incurred If If the the winter months when there hours the first It to the specifications or to this of of thinking www.electrolux.com Drying Drying and cleaning What to Technical high the that the To this, please the such as screws, or other age and the the of and to the to the of items such as or as such items to the and the to with whalebones, without or torn the and off the supply cleaning and should to the yourself. inexperienced people or serious malfunction- Service
This should when the that If and the Service and Serious to the and to property this section the user the that the and hose and the the supply the If the please the to to freely the ance. that there age from hoses and their the installation. If the location to frost, please the of chapter. to this should fied or to this should fied or This It other than those which and which to washed or Follow the instructions each the the that and buttons and fas- or torn and such as and wired NOT washed. which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the and should washed/dried of their please with the of the item The users should that they their or otherwise) their clothing. items that with chemicals such as cleaning These of and items which washed or should the the as the to with- the heat. If to through-to-dry should the the supply to the from the of the the supply the the or the that the of the Child This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge they or struction concerning of the their The to of suffocation! them of reach. of reach.
that or the To children and becoming the the incorporates To this the (without the clockwise the If Product effective treatment of with and Its allows of and reduces To this and the of closing the the ton counterclockwise the Plate
Compartment and phase or the action phase The prewash and the of the The the action phase. Compartment or If using the Compartment additives starch). Follow the to and the MAX the or starching additives the the of the It shows the as as the buttons, lights and the These the following TEMPERATURE SPIN reduction AUTOMATIC DRYING (Drying DRYING TIME (Drying DELAY START START/PAUSE TIME MANAGER buttons Selector It allows to switch the on/off and/or to
This allows to increase or crease the Reduction this the of the selected Select the this choose the of and synthetics: and Synthetics) Iron (Cottons) The of the selected with and below the selected of Drying If to this the appears the The shows the following information: Cold the the shows the animated to that the the heating phase of the the Night the phase the mated. option the phases and increases the of selecting this option the of the to to the or synthetics) to from to Synthetics from to Every this the increases The from hours and then hour to of of this This allows to or to the selected These allows to the the the from creasing. the finished the shows three the light of off and the to that the To the please the At the of the Night selecting this option, the the of the as to the phases this and lected or with On the with the finished, the shows three the light of off and the to that the To
the please the At the of the the choose of the of and synthetics: and Synthetics) Iron Child First Selected selecting the displayed or hours and the the updated every Duration of the selected selecting the hours and The tomatically the of the recommended each type of the started, the updated every of the finished three flashing displayed and the Incorrect option selection If option which with the selected, the the of the seconds and the light of flashing. the of operating displayed, E20 What to that the and comply with the tion instructions. the and from the the first the highest without Normal/Daily Light/Quick Drying phase Drying selecting the the phase to the phases the shown the of the only the of the phase phase Prewash selecting the the phase to the phases the shown the of the the of the phase The selected the appears the seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The lighted The hour and then, when hour the the to from the and of the and the
Acoustic The with acoustic which sounds the following the of the there the and buttons ously about seconds the acoustic deactivated there these buttons the acoustic reactivated. Child This to the ance and to that might or to the the the outwards. the the item them as as the the and the the Measure the amount of the or the the selected the This function when the There to this tion: to the to other or option. To or this option about seconds buttons and the the appears or If the (the amount the MAX the the gently.
the turning the Turn the to the The and the the chosen. You these operating the buttons. The light of the to flash. The turned clock- or counterclockwise. Turn to to programme/Switching the off. At the of the the tor turned to to switch the off. If the to another when the the light of and the displayed to selection. The the selected Option buttons the combined. These selected choosing the and the Select the selecting the Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed the selecting the the that Press repeatedly to the to Select This people with to to the of To this option the and seconds. The the This function manently To the buttons and the appears. Select the the to the the to the The appear the the of the The selected to hours) appear the then the of the appear You this option the and You or the Selecting the Select the and the options. Select the the ton
Press the its hourly count- The the lected expired. the the to PAUSE Press once the Press to the The selected selecting the The selected with DRAIN Select the option these buttons repeatedly, the of the creased or decreased. The appear the to the chosen of This option with Synthetic and of heavy items Normal items items Light slightly items slightly items items or to reduce the The selected with the The of these to the type of as shown the following chart. 95/90C 60C/50C 40C 30C Cold Synthetics 60C/50C 40C 30C Cold 40C 30C Cold the To the selected the the light of the To which the the light To the from the which interrupted, the If chosen the the countdown. If incorrect option selected, the light of the the displayed seconds. option or It to options the them PAUSE the the to the option, the and selection Turn the to and then to the the the The the
Press the to which the light Press the to the Turn the to to which You the the (or the the locked, to first the to PAUSE the If the this that the already heating or that the too high. to force the phase the the first and the of phase). If the to to switch the off turning the to the tion to the and closing the to the and options and to At the of the The automatically. Three appear the and the Drying Drying only Warning! The recommended cot- tons and and synthetic items. Drying to to of items the Drying Warning! light of off. acoustic sound If or option that with the selected, the to that the the Follow the below instructions to the Turn the to Select the or the the Press At the of the the to to switch the off. the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and If within the fin- ished, the back light of the switches off and the abled. the light of the to that the to switched off. the from the and another or switch the off. The and the hose the or connected to the the Select the allowed the type of to the Select the or Synthetic the Drying sector of the If to the the to the
appears the with the If to the appears the the Drying Every this the increases The increase Press to the the started, the updated every The type of (towelling, shirts, and or items the phase the that the of the the slightly that the items, redistribute them the and of At the of the the sounds and three appear the and the locked. The of the to phase. this the and the showing three flashing If to the or the anti-crease phase or to or the to Turn the to the to switch the off. the and (NON- STOP NON-STOP the and synthetic. hints and Sorting the Follow the each and the instructions. Sort the as follows: It to to of items Drying the Drying when carrying and the and Switch the turning the to the selected Select the options the buttons. If than that the ance to too therefore the reduction of the selecting The lowest the following: and synthetic with and with Select the or The shows the of the and the selected the the started, the every At the of the the to the to switch the off. the whites, coloureds, synthetics,
the whites and coloureds together. Whites their whiteness the New coloured items the first they should therefore washed the first pillowcases, and or with or Treat with or them or Removing Stubborn and It therefore to them to with overnight with then the and based with the cloth and the grease with the and the with the and cloth. or cold. with which the already and the to with bleach, (whites and coloureds only). lightly and with bleach (whites and coloureds only). and with tone the cloth and the Lipstick: with as then with Treat with bleach. and and with or then Treat with bleach. the type of the first with then with white with bleach and then thoroughly. first with thylated or then with and additives the choice of and of the to and the Although which, the of The choice of the type of the and of commonly this of (60C and preferably (60C of or only. The and additives the of the the If without prewash selected. incorporates which allows of the Follow the to and the MAX the of to The type and of the type of of and of the used. Follow the tions to the lightly amounts of
of Water classified of Information of the obtained from the supply or from authority. If the Drying the the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the Attention! the the of to Particularly items such as and with such as covers, and clothes with light oured items such as as these attract the the when the finished To charge when completed, when the or specifically with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the formation of The and additives the of the the or high to following the instructions. the of the tity of the If without prewash selected. incorporates which allows of the Follow the to and the MAX the follow the indications the Drying high Drying reduced Drying The of the type of of the The indicated the Drying chapter. The to to the of the of the already Additional If the the of the Warning! the to creasing of or
and of COTTONS 90-Cold Red. white and coloured (normally items). COTTONS WITH PREWASH Prewash) 90-Cold Prewash Red. white or coloured with prewash phase (heavily items). SYNTHETICS (Synthetics) 60-Cold Red. Synthetic or coloured shirts, DELICATES (Delicates) 40-Cold Red. acrylics, SYNTHETICS EASY IRON 60-Cold Selecting this the and to creasing. this Furthermore the BABY (Baby) 40-Cold coloured or clothes. SPIN RINSE HOLD NO SPIN NIGHT CYCLE EXTRA RINSE TIME MANAGER SPIN RINSE HOLD NO SPIN NIGHT CYCLE EXTRA RINSE TIME MANAGER SPIN RINSE HOLD NO SPIN NIGHT CYCLE EXTRA RINSE TIME MANAGER SPIN RINSE HOLD NO SPIN NIGHT CYCLE EXTRA RINSE TIME MANAGER SPIN RINSE HOLD NO SPIN EXTRA RINSE SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE EXTRA RINSE Compartment
and of SPORT INTENSIVE (Sport 40-Cold Prewash-Main This heavily items. The phase the to SHIRTS Shirts) This lightly SPIN and washed and with the and Night option selected. You choose the the to to the to DRAIN of emptying the of the with the and Night option selected. RINSES With this to and cot- ton which hand. The The reduced. LINGERIE 30-Cold This items, as and SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE EXTRA RINSE SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE EXTRA RINSE SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE Compartment SPIN NO SPIN SPIN
and of SILK 30-Cold and synthetic items. HANDWASH 40-Cold with WOOL (Wool) 40-Cold as as and or item If the the phase, items, redistribute the manually and then the JEANS 60-Cold With this to items or and with (The option activated automatically). COTTONS ECONOMY WITH PREWASH +Prewash) Prewash white or coloured with prewash phase. This selected normally items with The and the SPIN NO SPIN, RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE EXTRA RINSE Compartment
and of COTTONS ECONOMY White and coloured This selected slightly or normally items. The and the This allows to efficiency OFF the which or to switch the off SYNTHETIC DRY Drying synthetic It with or with board COTTON DRY Drying synthetic It with or with If the option that reduce the as indicated. (Red. reduced however with somewhat reduced cleaning If without PREWASH selected. Drying of Drying of EXTRA DRY items to without STORE DRY items to without STORE DRY items to without IRON DRY Drying of Drying of EXTRA DRY items to without and (bathrobes, towels, SPIN NO SPIN RINSE HOLD NIGHT CYCLE EXTRA RINSE and (bathrobes, towels, and (bathrobes, towels, Synthetics and household and (sheets, blecloths, shirts, Compartment
Drying of Drying of STORE DRY items to without STORE DRY items to without IRON DRY with EC EN the reference and cleaning Warning! You the from the electricity supply, cleaning or The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the and (bathrobes, towels, Synthetics and house- and tablecloths, shirts, the the tested the and with DRYING TIME each of them. of with cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thor- oughly. or products to the Cleaning the The should cleaned regularly. The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and
to of To cleaning, the top of the should Clean with Clean the chamber of with the to the or containing the with scouring containing or or the with cleaning without to clean off cleaning Short and of from to the and that the
The should inspected and the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to Release the emptying the and its cover. screw the and to of when the from the rotating the the empty- hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Warning! the and the selected there the the cover the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to
Cleaning the If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the the hose with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the What to to of or oversights, which easily without Service please the below. operation that the light of of the following appears the and acoustic sound seconds to that the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as the emptying hose its seat screw the and the If the where the below 0C, as follows: Turn off the Unscrew the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the to the that the 0C. with the supply. with the Once the the to the If the Service
The The The then immediately: The and/or There the Unsatisfactory The closed. E40 the firmly. The properly the the the There the Please The the The correctly and the pressed. Please the and the The selected. If the to washed immediately, the The Child activated. Deactivate the Child The closed. E10 the The hose or E10 the hose The the hose E10 Clean the hose The properly closed. E40 the firmly. The of the hose too to section. The hose or E20 the hose The clogged. E20 Clean the option or that with the the or that the phases selected. Select the or The distributed the Redistribute the Too or too used. the or another whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to the hose The or hose with The emptying the or the properly screwed cleaning action. the emptying the or screw the Too or used. Increase the or another Stubborn treated to products to the The selected. selected the the
The The or the The the The or properly: If to or the service of the and purchase of the Service this informa- tion. The the of The released. the released. There the Select or to the The and the of the The the of the The distributed the Redistribute the there the The the distributed the The redis- tributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the Redistribute the The too items, redistribute the manually and then the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the based without affecting performance. The or the selected. Select the or the The turned E10 the The E20 Clean the The overloaded. the the The selected or the Select the or the
Technical Height Water Capacity Synthetic and the You to that they the to removing the back to the from the Information the the rating the of the
the supply and the and hose from the hose the of the With and the rear the Unscrew and the and the C the and the C C C C C
the and the with the the containing the instruction Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and If necessary, the with with and of the operation. or the to the Water Warning! This connected to supply. the hose with the to with thread. the hose with the the hose from previous to to the supply. The other of the hose which to the turned as showed the the hose the hose to the or right the of
the hose correctly the positioning the to the to The hose lengthened. If too and to the to purchase hose specially this type of the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the Water The of the hose three the of the hose with the The hose to of hose and from Service Information the the rating plate the of the this the when the This tying to the with of or attaching to the branch. This branch the that the least the ground. Directly height of than and than The of the hose ventilated, the of the than the of the The hose that tion the required,
account other the to earthed The or through to comply with the The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the The with the The easily the Should the supply to replaced, this Service This that they of them properly hints To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected The loaded. With and the then washed to the the of and the of washed.
www.electrolux.com