AM Black KO-LAVAMAT LAVAMAT TURBO ELECTRONIC The washer-dryer Instruction AUS ERFAHRUNG GUT AUS ERFAHRUNG GUT AUS ERFAHRUNG GUT
AM Black Dear customer, Please these operating instructions and to the indicated the first that this instruction reference and to owners. The warning and/or the (Warning!, information that or functioning of the This the of the The information with this tions and the of the and information about and of the with the clover If or please or telephone: with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the distributed the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the manually and infor- mation the section headed "Something Not Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded Printed People who think accordingly....
AM Black instructions protection features of washer-dryer of the START/PAUSE DELAY START ELECTRONIC DRYING buttons DRYING TIME Option STAIN QUICK SOAK PREWASH SPIN SPEED RINSE HOLD which the the started. the first the Sorting and the of of and and additives Which which
AM Black the Drying Duration of the of the or of Additional to the and additive. Selection of the Selection of the options Selection of the SPIN SPEED or RINSE HOLD option Selection of the EXTRA RINSE Selection of the DELAY START option Starting the At the of the and (NON-STOP to Drying only. charts: and chart: Cleaning and each cleaning. Water Emergency emptying Something Troubleshooting Unsatisfactory
AM Black Technical Service and Conditions Instructions and instructions the of the and Unpacking Positioning Water Water
AM Black instructions of please this instruction or this Repairs to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force the the or the or allowing to the carrying cleaning or operations. the to the from the of the high and the the the cool carrying emptying or the emergency. Follow the instructions Carry first without (COTTONS with the amount of to from the and the
AM Black Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and children known to Please the from of reach. of the off the and the the catch to the and off the This only. If the other or correctly, the that might reasons, the and follow the instructions. which with should washed. and bleaching only specifically the of these products. instructions
AM Black The with the >PE< >PS< >PP< This that they of them properly authorised to country protection To and to the that follow these Normally washed without prewashing to and (the protected the when normally The both and washed, to thirds of the amount of The the With and the then
AM Black of washer-dryer and the selector. effectively treating washing. normally items. the reduced to or RINSE HOLD the the to creasing. to hours to with showing the selected and the phase which of its action, the washes with The to and and Unbalance to
AM Black of the
AM Black Option buttons C START/PAUSE Drying The the type of of the and the to selected to the type of The tions: Synthetics Delicates Wool The turned clockwise or anticlockwise. to the ENERGY SAVING 67C normally with QUICK WASH). of the
AM Black of the 40C to this the gently washed and to creasing. this COLD START/PAUSE This three selected the this to the If selected the DELAYED START option, the its hourly countdown. To which the START/PAUSE the information the to flash. To the from the which it interrupted, the START/PAUSE Empty At the of which with the (RINSE HOLD option), the START/PAUSE to the the and DELAYED START The from hour to of hours. The selecting the and the START/PAUSE The indicating the appear about seconds the The of the selected then displayed. the START/PAUSE the its hourly countdown. To or the the START/PAUSE button, then the DELAYED START the displayed or, to the the displayed. Then the START/PAUSE the the shows the of the previously selected.
AM Black ELECTRONIC DRYING This to choose the of and synthetics: Iron synthetics) The the the to the selected of DRYING TIME If to instead of the the appears the to the or synthetics) to COTTON from to SYNTHETICS from to Option buttons the combined. These selected choosing the and the START/PAUSE these buttons pressed, the lights they the lights STAIN To heavily or with with action phase, or with than 40C). This function with QUICK WASH, SOAK and PREWASH. QUICK WASH this the reduced. when lightly This option with the and and with STAIN. SOAK The of about 30C. the DELAYED START the prolonged to hours this the This function with WOOL, PREWASH or STAIN of the
AM Black of the The with and Synthetics, and with emptying of the without Delicates. PREWASH The prewash 30C The prewash with and Synthetics, and with emptying of the without Delicates. This option with the and with SOAK and STAINS. when heavily the PREWASH and QUICK WASH buttons the SPIN SPEED Press this to reduce the of the the the selected or to RINSE HOLD option. The and synthetics and and RINSE HOLD selecting this option, the to the from creasing. the finished, the light END the to that the To the START/PAUSE emptying, the the the type of selected; the DRAIN to the without Warning! The turned first to RESET and then to the DRAIN If the the hours. The RINSE HOLD option selected the WASHING DRYING
AM Black The shows the following information: Duration of the selected matically the of the recommended each type of Selected synthetics). the started, the every the finished, steadily displayed. hours the The countdown updated every hour. indicating the selecting the the lights to the phases the the started, the phase light the finished, the END light the finished, the OVERDOSAGE light that too or that the of the
AM Black of the To which the to the RESET Warning! which with the (RINSE HOLD option), the first to and then to the DRAIN which To first the to PAUSE the START/PAUSE function the select- the option the START/PAUSE to the selected To the selected the to and then choose The and the START/PAUSE ton the with the selected the the To the the to PAUSE the START/PAUSE The the already heating or the the of the the The light the the START/PAUSE the light: the light: the flashing light: the
AM Black Compartment prewash or and The prewash or the of the The the STAIN-Action phase the Compartment or It the of the Compartment additives starch). It the The of additives the MAX the the first first that 60C, without the to from the and of the and the of the
AM Black the Sorting and the Sort the to type of and of and To the from and to pillowcases and covers and such as those of Turn faced items Turn coloured and with and items tights) or pillow closed with or Treat with or or them or responsibility of Whites and coloureds washed separately: white items their whiteness. New coloured often to them the first and items together; this the and the distributed them the each
AM Black of Bathrobes Work covers Tea Shirts Pillowcases Night-gowns/Pyjamas Tablecloths of and The to the The should to the type of and the instructions indicated indicated and with this washed high and with this and washed 60C. with these therefore the these Synthetics and synthetic with these and they therefore washed the Sort of the
AM Black the synthetics or with these treatment. The DELICATES this type of and items such as or with this ticularly to The WOOLLENS this type of If the the the washed!
AM Black and additives To the from to the right and recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to clean- and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which Fairy. cleaning and COLOUREDS coloured items should which to while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and other LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and coloureds. STAIN REMOVER heavily to washed with STAIN- Action, should such as VANISH In-Wash, and GloWhite the
AM Black the which Not only there of they Whether chose or or own choice. TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the measured the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce easy-cares and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce conditioning sheets the sheets to of and the
AM Black the the the Therefore, the and the hose or the the and Synthetics Warning: of exceeding these otherwise obtained. Particularly items such as synthetic and with such as and with or to they fire Also, containing of or or to the formation of Sort of
AM Black the Drying the to whether The following to Normal (reduced Duration of the The to the the of or the type of the of The the indicated the chart. become with the the that to the type of It to of these of the or of If to the or the of when first START/PAUSE to the to PAUSE. the or START/PAUSE to the such as towels, to the RINSE to that that the completely and to each the should and cleaned. Additional Should the too the of the another Warning! To the formation of creases or of
AM Black How to synthetics and the the the the item Distribute as as the and the the If to SOAK or STAIN-Action or the STAIN-Action STAIN the without the MAX the gently,
AM Black to Selection of the Turn the to the the lights to the phases the selected light The shows the of the Selection of the options The options the of of the The light Selection of the or RINSE HOLD option It to of the the light to the selected selecting the RINSE HOLD option, the the If the reduced the as follows: synthetics
AM Black EXTRA RINSE This people with to to the of The with the synthetics or Selection of the EXTRA RINSE option Press PREWASH and QUICK WASH about seconds: the EXTRA RINSE light the This function permanently To PREWASH and QUICK WASH buttons the EXTRA RINSE light off. Selection of the DELAYED START option To of the DELAYED START the The to the selected about seconds, which the of the selected appear the If the SOAK the selected to the If selected the about the START/PAUSE pressed, the selected appear the and the its countdown. to
AM Black to Starting the that the Press START/PAUSE to the If the option selected the the of the count- If the light the START/PAUSE and flashing the of the that the the and the START/PAUSE If the option selected the its countdown, hours, which appear the this to other to or the other the START/PAUSE the the the and the START/PAUSE or the the START/PAUSE Press the DELAYED START the appears the or to Press the START/ PAUSE selecting the the lights to the phases the the started, only the phase light The to the of the and appears the
AM Black At the of the The automatically. appears the acoustic clearly The END light the If the OVERDOSAGE light it that too used. At the follow the instructions. Measure to amount, type, of of and This light when the If the RINSE HOLD option selected, the the the START/PAUSE (the the to the selected type of The reduced of the SPIN SPEED or turning the to and then to DRAIN and the START/PAUSE this the emptied, the Turn the to the from the that the as to items or their of whites. the the to the formation of and to
AM Black to and (NON-STOP Warning! NON-STOP to the of and synthetics. the and when carrying and Select the Select the options of the buttons. If than that the to too and to than and synthetics. Select the or of the the START/PAUSE button. At the of the the to the to Drying only synthetics the the and the hose correctly positioned. Turn the to DRYING or synthetics. If to the the the appears the If to the the the light to the of or Press the START/PAUSE to the At the of the the to and the
AM Black chart White Whites ECONOMY Coloured Synthetics COLD Wool COLD with EC the indicated the to the 60C The shown this chart to as only, as the and type of the and the It to the highest each This of to however, to recommended that the to. Additional and household towels. STAIN SOAK QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED and normally to lightly sheets and household PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED STAIN SOAK QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED Coloured or shirts, towels. STAIN SOAK QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED Synthetic coloured shirts, STAIN SOAK QUICK PREWASH EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED Wool, RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED Water Duration
AM Black chart phases Additional tion functions This washed washed to starched or emptying the with the option SPIN SPEED synthetics and Short The shown this chart to as only, as the and type of the and the with Short EXTRA RINSE RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED with additive. RINSE HOLD SPIN SPEED The Short SPIN SPEED the which or to switch the off. Water Duration
AM Black chart Drying Drying of of items to without Iron The STORE DRY the reference the with EEC The shown the chart obtained laboratory tests. They when the home, they as of Iron Synthetics and (towels, T-shirts, bathrobes) Synthetics and household and (sheets, tablecloths, shirts, Water Duration
AM Black Cleaning and each At the of the the to the to allow to If the prolonged the and the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of (such as cleaning Clean the of the with and only. with clean and or products to the while, and the Clean the from to To the from the the the corner.
AM Black To cleaning, the top of the the recess: with tooth- the cleaning. to there or the the and them. The collects threads and the that the clean. the the and of the the Clean the then screw- Cleaning and
AM Black Cleaning and Water If that the to that the the hose Turn off the Unscrew the hose from the Clean the with Screw the hose back the Emergency emptying If the or clogged), as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled; the the hose the and the Should to to the hose because, the built the slightly the the to the slowly. At the screw the If the where the below 0C, as follows: the and the hose from the the of the hose and the hose the Select the DRAIN and the Turn the to (RESET). the from the Screw the hose back and the hose back its this, the and to the the that the 0C.
AM Black Something If the the whistling from the tional this to type of If the this to the of that than Troubleshooting If try to following the instructions below. If when of the following or to to incorrect the call-out within the operation the following displayed: E10: with the supply (phase light EXTRA RINSE E20: with (phase light RINSES E40: (phase light WASH Once the the START/PAUSE to the If the AEG Service Force If the EFO appears the the Service Force The The the The properly the the closed (E40) of the should heard. The connected. the The START Press the pressed. The DELAYED START the selected option selected. the
AM Black Something The The then immediately The and/or There the The closed (E10) the The hose the whole of the or (E10) hose and the The of the Clean the hose (E10) The properly the closed (E40) The of the hose the hose the right too height section). The hose the whole of or (E20) the hose and the The or the Clean the or hose (E20) the The RINSE HOLD option Empty the with the START selected. or selecting the DRAIN The Redistribute the distributed the manually the Too Measure used. to the instructions. that too One of the that the hose the hose screwed both The screw the properly cleaning.
AM Black The or The The that the as the section. The the There Correct of the the affected. The the of the and the the The the the of the the The heating the the of the or the heating or phase. clothes. Something
AM Black Something or the The or the enough The If the that distributed the the of the the this and to redistribute of when the the the distributed. If, about the the Therefore, the the of the to redistribute manually the and to the The the (E10) The clogged. Clean the The or of Select the function. selected. Select the chosen. the of to the type of or synthetics). There too the the
AM Black Unsatisfactory If the and found the Too used. used. Stubborn treated to The correctly selected. If the with ointments, grease or with amount of The selected the too the type with the these and carefully. the often the the completely White the This to and therefore the of or the to turn them. the choice of try using Something
AM Black Technical Height with Height Water This with the following EC 73/23/EEC of including EEC 89/336/EEC of Directive.
AM Black Service If carrying the there with please AEG Service Force customers should that the the Troubleshooting section as the charge the mechanical or Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Please type of telephoning. to and telephone 3.Clear and of the -What the the the and 4.The and of purchase. This information found the rating these to recommed write them below.
AM Black Customer AEG or further infor- mation AEG products please Customer the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded
AM Black Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this ance. 1.The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover 2.The covers or which to workmanship or The cover ances where or performance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or 3.Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of installation or AEG 4.The or includes both and 5.Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. 6.The purchasers rights affected this
AM Black If should to another country within then with to to the following ifications: The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
AM Black Instructions and instructions the This heavy, should when the that If and the internal using the Serious caused to the or the protective completely to the to this or to this or the that its supply If the that freely the and the The should with authority and build- regulations Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Force
AM Black of the and Rear
AM Black and using the ance. and the right-hand and the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the the from the of the and release the which the the right-hand then the them the of the the upright and the from the back. the three spacers from the which the fitted. the with the which the containing the instruction You to that they the to
AM Black Positioning the that around the impeded apply coating. to the of or the If to positioning the to or coal-burning covered with the facing the or the The where the below 0C. The hose and the hose Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. screwing the or or the to the to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the Water only) the hose to with thread. should comply with authority and building tions
AM Black the hose correctly the positioning the to the to to supply. The hose with which protects caused the hose which to of the This shown sector the A. Should this the off and to Service Force to the Water The hose should the the hose using the supplied. The should internal of there the hose and that the top of the the hose than and than The upright should of from the of the to the top of the that such that the of the hose covered with
AM Black If the hose from the to that the and the the U supplied. the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the the of the and washers should connected to the FOUL the then to It that these ances connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority.
AM Black WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and yellow (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded to the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the from AEG Service The supply easily the
AM Black the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth This should
AM Black AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG