New_12108_14108.qxp PM NQTNMPNPN EWF 12108W EWF 14108W
New_12108_14108.qxp PM Information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the These the of You MUST them or the This heavy. should when It to the or to this and Serious to the and to property this to. section instructions. to this should or to this should or to that the the supply If the please the to allow to freely. Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and known to Please The becomes the children from the of the whilst operation. from of reach. the and off the supply the section the instruction which to washed. If the the clothes. that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. such as screws, or other and the which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the items such as or as such items to the and the the of to the to the of and should washed of their please with the of the item the porthole slightly washes to the should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
New_12108_14108.qxp PM the Information Child New of the Appliance The information the the Measure the Measure the Switch the ON and OFF Select the Select the the or Option Select the option Select the the to its to its to the the of the Which which The following found the text to throughout the instructions: and Cleaning each cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the The of Emergency emptying Something Not Service and Customer Conditions the Instructions Technical Specifications Unpacking Positioning Water Water the of the to the Instruction instructions and information
New_12108_14108.qxp PM New effective treatment of with and The the function of and selection, to the The shows the the functioning of the and the of the The with its treats with The allows of and reduces The Handwash with its items with hints To and and the that follow these hints: the of to the of supply, the amount of and the of without prewash normally The loaded. With and the then washed with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the distributed the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the manually and information the section headed "Something Not with the with Council or Health Office to there re-cycling this the to scrapped, off the and the to from trapped to country authorised The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the How to the the of the
New_12108_14108.qxp PM of the Pre-wash starch
New_12108_14108.qxp PM The three sections section) Synthetics section) Delicates, Wool, Handwash, section) The clockwise or anti-clockwise. to At the of the turned to to switch the OFF. Press this repeatedly to increase or the to washed from the the 90C 60C synthetic 40C and to hand-washed, 30C and Press this repeatedly to the to from the the and the LED light EWF 12108W synthetic handwashed EWF 14108W synthetic and handwashed and the choose option option when choose this option, the the of the as to the At the of the light of off, the light to option and light flashing appears the to that the
New_12108_14108.qxp PM There to the Select the The without Select or Select the of the and the The and the the selected Attention: selecting or the to the functions combined. These selected choosing the and the these buttons pressed, the LED light they the LED If incorrect option selected, the LED flashes about seconds and the displayed. Press these to the following 1.Prewash: Select this option to prewashed the and The Prewash with and synthetic whereas the the This option lightly hand and to The reduced to the type of and the selected This option selected with the and The and synthetics, and This option recommended people who to and where the Iron: Selecting this option the gently and to creasing this The from hours and then hour to of hours of this Selecting the Select the and the Select the Press the its hourly countdown. The the selected expired. with or the Press Press displayed. Press
New_12108_14108.qxp PM The shows the following information: Duration of the Incorrect option selection of Duration of the selected selecting the hours and The the of the each type of the started, the every The selected hours of the appears the seconds, then the of the previously selected displayed. The countdown updated hour and the hours updated each If option which with the selected, the displayed seconds. the of operating displayed, E20 Something the finished flashing displayed. Incorrect option selection of
New_12108_14108.qxp PM This selected the this to the the LED flashing. If selected the the its countdown. The of the or the appears the To which the the LED to flash. To the from the which interrupted, the Phase Light selecting the the LED to the phases the lights. the the LED to the phase that currently At the of the the LED The LED flashes the of operating the appears the E10 the E20 the E40 the closed To the Something
New_12108_14108.qxp PM the first that of the of the Then 60C, with the empty, to from the and of the and the the the the the the item them as as the the the Measure the amount of recommended the and the If to the prewash or phase, the the If required, the without the MAX 4.Switch the ON and OFF Turn the to the to the switch switch the off to 5.Select the Turn the to the the LED to the phases the selected The of the appears the 6.Select the Press the to from the the The LED light
New_12108_14108.qxp PM 7.Select the or Option Press the repeatedly, to the or the option. The LED light If the option, the the of the with the the EWF 12108W EWF 14108W 8.Select the option Press the to the the selected only options and shown the selection phase. Not the options with eachother. the options that the the the the to the DELAY The to the selected about seconds, which the of the selected appear the this to other Press the the and the Press the The LED flashing. and the LED to the phase that If chosen the the countdown. The the of the or the selected to its You the the started, turning the to and then the pressing the to its Press the to which the LED to flash. Press the to the
New_12108_14108.qxp PM Turn the to to which to the the of You the the to PAUSE phase, the following the the heating phase 55C the of the high; the approximately the to the and of the the of The the of the If the option selected, the LED of the off, the LED and the LED to that the the The shows flashing To the the without or or Select the of the and then the button.The and the the selected Turn the to to switch the off. the from the whether the completely empty, rotating with hand. The of this to items of from the where they might or another of to the and the from the the to the
New_12108_14108.qxp PM NOT the the the first the The of the items below as Sheet Tablecloth Tea Towelling Towelling bath Bath Apron the items with ones. Sort the to the type of and or torn items as they of which screws as these the the and and buttons. It to coloured items when the first together, the lowest White items should with coloured items. items ribbons, should washed or the of Bleach should with and of reach of such as to and should treated with products, which found household shops. to the with or New Wool washed the the other of should If the to or there the To with the and and without to that from the Once finished using the to and off the
New_12108_14108.qxp PM Which To the from to the right and recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to cleaning and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which Fairy. cleaning and COLOUREDS coloured items should which to while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and other LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and coloureds. which Not only there of they Whether chose or or own choice. TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the measured the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce synthetics and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce conditioning sheets recommendthe to articleof and the
New_12108_14108.qxp PM to clothes with the The with the of The easy to the WASHING SYMBOL BLEACHING IRONING DRY CLEANING TUMBLE DRYING Notes the and additives. Once the it gently. This WASH ACTION FABRIC Normal Normal Reduced Normal Reduced Reduced Chlorine bleach Cool cleaned. Other and/or beneath the the to the cleaner. with high heat with heat through DO NOT using to the the prematurely. and prewash the the the the prewash finished. White or without or without Colourfast 60C. Polyester/Cotton, with Finishes, Cotton/Acrylic or Colourfast 40C 60C. Acrylics, Wool Wool, Wool Acrylic,
New_12108_14108.qxp PM of of options White and coloured tablecloths, household Coloured shirts, and whites or coloured or normally shirts Synthetics Coloured or normally shirts, Synthetics or coloured Wool and Wool Handwash to handwashed Clothes and items. *This the reference the to EEC -90C 60C 40C-60C -60C -40C Short -40C Short -40C Short 30C Short 30C Short Prewash Iron Prewash Iron Prewash Iron Prewash
New_12108_14108.qxp PM of options of items handwashed or items items heavily items with additives with additives of and and Iron
New_12108_14108.qxp PM and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of the of (such as cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The should inspected the and/or the to such as the Proceed as follows: the If the cooled the to the to the emptying the and its
New_12108_14108.qxp PM the cover and to of when the cover. from the rotating the back the emptying hose and the back its seat. Screw the the Warning the and the selected there the the the finished the and empty. the cover, securely as to and to Cleaning the If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the the of the emptying hose and that of the hose the and Screw the hose back and the emptying hose the to the that the 0C. Every the through the emptying hose of the of the and then the This the ECO and the wasted. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled the the and the of the emptying hose the its The should the the the back the Empty the the flowing the as the emptying hose its seat screw the cover and the
New_12108_14108.qxp PM Something to of or oversights, which easily without Service Force please the below. IMPORTANT: to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the operation that the following appears the and the light to flash: E10 with the E20 with E40 Once the the START to the If the Service Force The The The then immediately The and/or There the The closed. (E40) The properly the There supply the The or the the blown. The pressed. The DELAY selected. The closed. (E10 The the hose (E10 The hose or (E10 The closed. (E40) The of the hose too The of the hose There the of The hose or (E20) The option selected. The (E20) The hose fitted, correct. Follow the instructions connecting to the The The unbalanced: redistribute the clothes the to allow the to Too or too whether there from the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose or securely positioned. The or clogged. The The the emptying hose cleaning the
New_12108_14108.qxp PM Too or Unsatisfactory used. The or The and The The or the Stubborn treated to The selected. The The distributed the there the The released. There the The when appears the and the light off. The the distributed the The redistributed of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the
New_12108_14108.qxp PM Service the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. Customer Service Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows Customer Appliances) Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ or www.electrolux.co.uk to this recorded please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following and Clear and of The and of the (found the rating plate The purchase Please that purchase or service
New_12108_14108.qxp PM Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this ELECTROLUX or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with, authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which NOT If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
New_12108_14108.qxp PM Instructions It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply to this should or to this should or Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Force Technical Specifications DIMENSIONS EWF 12108W EWF 14108W MAXIMUM LOAD Synthetics Handwash SPIN SPEED POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE/FREQUENCY 230-240V 50HZ 230-240V 50HZ TOTAL POWER ABSORBED 2200W 2200W MINIMUM FUSE PROTECTION 10A 10A WATER PRESSURE CONSUMPTION DATA FOR WASHING KG NORMALLY Water SOILED COTTON This with the following EEC Directives: 73/23/EEC of relating to 89/336/EEC of relating to compatibility. Height
New_12108_14108.qxp PM and the You to that they the to and the screws. the the its back, to the hoses. This of the the and the the from the of the and release the the polythene the right and then the right polythene towards the and then upwards. the cover found the of as the arrow A and the top of the cover to closed You instructions the cover assembling relative the upright and the screw. the the with the which the containing the instruction You to the the to of the as The of the the hoses Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other or the to the to permanently plumbed to supply and However, this connected to existing with the hose The with BSP thread If this with the of the existing of from and plumbers merchants to to existing or plumber. to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the
New_12108_14108.qxp PM Water the hose to with thread. previously hoses should comply with authority and building regulations The connected to supply. of of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the the hose correctly the positioning the to the to Water This to permanently plumbed of the following Firstly the of the hose the U supplied. the hose which should internal of there the hose and that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of If hose this below) the U the hose the
New_12108_14108.qxp PM outlet If the that the hose the and with required, the hose to from the the The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of connecting the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the the functioning of the the hose the the top of the back of the the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and with and of the operation. mounted to If the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. the of the and dishwashers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority. Warning The should NOT carpeting.
New_12108_14108.qxp PM to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate located the of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS 1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Should the to replaced, this Service Force the the supply the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth WARNING: off serious (shock) that the off of
New_12108_14108.qxp PM The Group. The choice The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the