GB WASHING MACHINE FWM INSTRUCTION BOOKLET
Information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the These the of You MUST them or the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this and Serious to the and to property this to. section instructions. to this should or to this should or to that the the supply If the please the to allow to freely that there from hoses and their the installation. Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and children known to Please The becomes the from the of the whilst operation. from of reach. the and turn off the supply the section the instruction which to washed. If the the clothes. that and buttons and or torn and such as and NOT washed. such as screws, or other and the which with products should washed. If cleaning used, should to that the from the the items such as or pillow as such items to the and the the of to the to the of and should washed of their please with the of the item the porthole slightly washes to the should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service
the Information New of the Appliance Child The of white 95C the the Measure the Select the option Select the the At the of the of 50C the the the Select the option Select the the At the of the Which which The following found the text to throughout the instructions: to the Instruction and Cleaning each cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the The of Emergency emptying Something Not Working Service and Conditions the Instructions Technical Specifications Unpacking Positioning Water Water the of the Building-in instructions and information
New effective treatment of with and cooling of the to 60C with the 95C This reduces thermal shock to to creasing. The with its with The that the when hints To and and the that follow these hints: the of to the of supply, the amount of and the of without prewash normally The loaded. With and the then washed Select the option lightly with which the the If the appears to sufficiently the of the distributed the the operated. It therefore to redistribute the manually and information the section headed "Something the of the with the with Council or Health Office to there this the to scrapped, off the and the to from to country authorised The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the to the
of the Appliance Mains-on light ON/OFF Option buttons Prewash The chart the of the Child This incorporates child to children from the To this the (without the clockwise the If coin. To this and the of the the anti-clockwise the
The The chart the of the Mains-on light This light when the and when the ON/OFF released. ON/OFF this the operating. the The with child-proof lock. the the of the to the the off QUICK WASH this C and (Synthetics-Mixed the reduced. This only which lightly RINSE HOLD Press this to the with the the synthetic/mixed or This creasing which the clothes the to the this that the to and or the If this activated, the with HALF LOAD Select this to reduce the when of or the to Turn the clockwise to the the to the switched off the ON/OFF
the first that 95C, without the to from the and of the and the WASHING KG OF WHITE COTTON AT 95C of to It white and high the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Measure the the the amount of and the If to the prewash, the the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the option RINSE HOLD or QUICK WASH lightly Select the the to and clockwise to the or to prewash).
the the that: the the supply turned the hose correctly and securely the and the closed. the ON/OFF the light and the At the of the The automatically. If the RINSE HOLD the with the the to the from creasing. To the and release the To only, The which releases the of the Switch the off the ON/OFF The light the finished to the and off the the from the and that the empty. If to another the the to the formation of and
WASHING KG OF MIXED FABRICS AT 50C of to They rather and should high the the the outwards. the the item them as as the Measure the the Measure the amount of and the the If required, the (the amount the MAX the the gently. Select the option RINSE HOLD or QUICK WASH required. Select the the to and turn clockwise to the the the that: the the supply turned the hose correctly and securely the and the closed. the ON/OFF the light and the operating.
At the of the The automatically. If the RINSE HOLD the with the the to the from creasing. To the and release the To the The which releases the of the Switch the off the ON/OFF The light the from the and that the empty. the finished to the and off the
NOT the the the first the The of the items below as Pillow Tablecloth Tea hand towel Towelling Towelling Bath Apron the items with ones. Sort the to the type of and or torn items as they of which screws as these the the and and buttons. It to coloured items when the first together, the lowest White items should washed with coloured items. items ribbons, should washed or the of Bleach should with and of reach of such as to and should treated with products, which found household shops. to the with or New Wool washed the the other of should washed or cleaned. If the to or fast there the To with the and and without to that from the Once finished the to and off the
Which To the from it to the right and recommended To the appearance of clothes and household and to them should of washes, whether whites, or WHITES the which and to cleaning and NON BIOLOGICAL If to which Fairy. cleaning and COLOURS coloured items should which to while the bleach and therefore to DELICATE ITEMS such as should which specially to and other LAUNDRY BLEACH to such as Bleach which to chosen including and which Not only there of they Whether chose or or choice. TRADITIONAL POWDERS the directly the clothes the TRADITIONAL LIQUIDS the of the with the the immediately the the Alternatively the measured the specially which should top of the and the back of the COMPACT POWDERS AND LIQUIDS Compact (or as they known) or and Follow the instructions to the the directly the or alternatively the the specially which should top of the and the back of the If washer please the carrying FABRIC CONDITIONERS These and reduce synthetics and They types: the machine/washer The should the with the Follow the instructions and the MAX Bounce the sheets to of and the
to clothes with the The with the of The easy to the WASHING SYMBOL BLEACHING IRONING DRY CLEANING TUMBLE DRYING Notes the and additives. Once the gently. This using Chlorine bleach cleaned. Other and/or beneath the the to the cleaner. through DO NOT WASH ACTION FABRIC Normal Normal Reduced Normal Reduced Reduced Cool with high heat with heat to the the prematurely. and prewash the the the the prewash finished. White or without or without Colourfast 60C. Polyester/Cotton, with Finishes, Cotton/Acrylic or Colourfast 40C 60C. Acrylics, Wool Wool, Wool Acrylic,
of and type of Whites with prewash Whites coloureds Non coloureds and items This 60C with of of the reference the to EEC Directive This purely as indication: the relation to the and type of the of the supply and the The to the highest each when selected, with This and of the selected, the to the selected, there The and the appear to to the C The the selected, this and the though the appears to C to switch the off and its operation. This would the memorised with heavy items. White normally household towels. coloured or shirts, towels. Non coloured or shirts, Prewash C 95C C C C(*) C options RINSE HOLD HALF LOAD QUICK WASH RINSE HOLD HALF LOAD QUICK WASH RINSE HOLD HALF LOAD QUICK WASH RINSE HOLD HALF LOAD QUICK WASH
Synthetics, Wool and Delicates of and type of Lightly synthetic Worn once or Short synthetic items The shown this chart to purely as the and type of the and the and when selected, with This and of the to switch the off and its operation. This the with Synthetic or coloured shirts, washed items Specially tested bearing the This emptying the with the option. C Short C Short of and C Short C Short Short with Short of options RINSE HOLD QUICK WASH RINSE HOLD RINSE HOLD RINSE HOLD RINSE HOLD RINSE HOLD
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The normally It to the this from and to the instructions. This to the formation of each the while. This to and the the to the With the of washes to of the that To The should of Select the of (such as cleaning Clean the of the with and only, and then thoroughly. Cleaning the The and should cleaned regularly. the the catch and to of To cleaning, the top of the should Cleaning the the to the recess, that from the and of the recess. the and the without clothes the Cleaning the The the operating of the and should therefore cleaned every to catch If the and the to to the manually from the this To this, the hose from the or and the of the hose the The should the the the hose back and the the flowing
Unscrew and the Clean Warning the and the selected there the the the finished the and empty. the securely as to and to The If or of the become clogged. It therefore to from to Turn off the Unscrew the Clean the using the The of If the to below 0C, should Turn off the Unscrew the Unhook the hose from the and the of this hose and that of the hose the the Screw the hose and the to the that the 0C. Emergency emptying If the as follows to the the from the the necessary, the cooled Unscrew and the the The should the the the the flowing the as previously screw the
Something Not to of or oversights, which easily without contacting Service please the below. IMPORTANT: to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the Symptom The closed. The the The The then immediately The and/or Too or too There the Too or used. Unsatisfactory amount of the and to The internal The when The properly the There supply the The or the the The correctly positioned. The ON/OFF depressed. The the hose The hose or The closed. The of the hose too The of the hose There the of the The hose or The RINSE HOLD option selected. The The hose fitted, correct. Follow the instructions to the The The unbalanced: redistribute the clothes the to allow the to whether there from of the hose It easy to this as the the to The hose or securely positioned. The or clogged. The Stubborn treated to The selected. Too the The with the or The and The distributed the there the
Symptom The or the The based the without affecting performance. Service the of service, or to purchase please Service telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the the heading Something Not Working. the Service to the following and telephone Clear and of The and of the (found the rating plate The purchase Customer Service Ireland please the below: EHP of Ireland The The released. Water the the the The because the distributed the The redistributed rotation of the This the and If, the distributed the the this redistribute the manually and the The with type of which with other motors. This and of the the when as as increased of the customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that purchase or service Customer concerning please Customer or telephone as follows: Customer EHP Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this
Conditions EHP, that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with, authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to statutory and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Instructions It to the or to this to that the the supply to this should or to this should or Should the supply to replaced, this should Service Force Technical Specifications DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE V/50 TOTAL POWER ABSORBED (10A) WATER PRESSURE MAX LOAD CAPACITY Synthetics SPIN SPEED CONSUMPTION DATA FOR WASHING KG NORMALLY SOILED COTTON Water ITEMS AT 60C (PROGR. C This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications; EEC of Directive) and Wool
and the You to the the to and the right the its back, that the hoses squashed. the and off the the screw. the right polythene the the and polythene the the screws with the the and the previously screw. the upright and the from the back. the three from the which the fitted. the with the with the instruction You to the the to of the as The of the the hoses Positioning the that around the impeded that the the or other or the to the to permanently plumbed to supply and this connected to existing with the hose The with BSP thread If this with the of the existing installation, of from and plumbers merchants to to existing or plumber. to To least thick the to least beams with screws. If the of the corners of the where the
Water the hose to with thread. previously hoses should comply with authority and building The connected to supply. of of the If the from the to the from There should of the and the of the the hose correctly the positioning the to the to Water This to permanently plumbed of the following Firstly the of the hose the U supplied. the hose which should internal of there the hose and that the top of the than and than The hose to of hose and from Service Force The of If hose this below) the U the hose firmly the
outlet If the outlet that the hose the and with the hose to from the the The hose to of hose and from Service Force The internal of the to or to that off reasonable amount of to that collected the the or lowering the The tight to as they incorporate locking the MUST and with and of the operation. mounted to If the If the or covered with crumbly or the to or The should the of the Warning The should NOT carpeting. Please that when the it easily the the of breakdown. the of the Washer-dryers and dishwashers should connected to the FOUL the then to treatment It that these connected to the as this directly or and If further please authority.
to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating located the top of the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1363/A) used. Should the to reason, as below. The the coloured with the following and Earth The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. WARNING: off serious (shock) that the off of Should the to replaced, this MUST Service the the supply the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth
Building-in This to built the The should the shown A. the the the hoses of the the back of the This to the hoses from becoming or trapped. AB. Preparation and assembly of the The originally the assembly of from right to this to screw the and the with the the right B). The of the should thickness The height C) the height of the base. To mount the to the of the of the The the fixing The (B) from of the to the of the the The the C. The to the of screws B) with the Mounting the the to the of the screws B). The to thickness of the To the perfectly to the screw B), the and the screw The of the To operation of this to screw the the of the Its to the the D).
If the to from to right, the of the plates the and the and E). Mount the and the as previously the and of when the to Where the mounting the The to the should and If to to the height required, that of and screwed to the of the F). four fixing the the with its front as as the plinth allow. The reason the this to allow of to front of the the to the using four countersunk screws H). With the four the and clearance of approximately the top of the and the of the should with the with this the further to the of W, H, screwed the directly front of the this security. If and from