Water Heater Instructions and IH IH basic IH
instructions the the preselection flowrate and of the instructions the Appliance Technical Appliance function the Appliance Wall mounting Water Concealed Cleaning the Flowrate assembly the the first and indications the Customer service
instructions the user and should or authorised firm. the please through these instructions The from to follow these instructions. and Therefore the The ELECTROLUX IH instantaneous heater heats the as the continuously flows through the the switches flowrate of around the closed or the flowrate reduced below the switches off The household and should heating of One or with preselection The allows selection the from 30C to 60C. operation: 40C shower, and bath 55C If this the should to the 40C Shower Bath the operated with thermostatic the the instantaneous heater around 8C higher than the thermostatic
flowrate to the the heater the of the flowrate selected. If the when the flows than heated the this the slightly closed. of the the the season. The following flowrates or shower (40C) or (55C) the of 6C, 10C, and 14C. Cold C and of the Clean the housing as with cloth and scouring, and The instantaneous heater inspection of the trained its and its service life. the outlet of reduce the flowrate. The of the or shower head therefore cleaned from to 40C to this the built-in flow 55C
instructions the The instantaneous heater and tested conformity with the IEC and DIN The with the Appliance Act. The indications the rating the technical of the electricity and the geographical concerned, and VDE and DIN when the The of the the should than  This with the following EC Directives: the Directive 72/23/EEC of including Directive 93/68/EEC theElectromagnetic Directive 89/336/EEC of including Directive 92/31/EEC Appliance mounting bushing bushing (factory-prefitted) =Flowrate and =Flowrate Cold =Thermostat =Heating
Technical Protection to VDE IP (splash-water protected) Protection type to VDE rating plate Water PE C Switch-on Switch-on flowrate from retroactive to DIN EN 60555/VDE VDEW C C Flowrate to the flow of the instantaneous heater to the the household IH IH IH
Appliance function The ELECTROLUX IH heater the supply of or and heats the as the continuously flows through flowrate switches the heating flowrate of around and off around The the heating with the the the and the flowrate. The user the without whatever. The operating If this exceeded, reducing should the household necessary. The heating high efficiency. Its and and The and should or the of the inbuilt isolates the from the the switched back trained and the of the Then the with screwdriver Don't the screwdriver
the The should or frost-free mounting Wall mounting (factory-set) bushing Cold with outlet
Appliance and the the assembly. Wall mounting Press the the of the from or from the front with screwdriver and off the the of the the The of the wall-plug with the mounting template supplied, wall-plugs, and screw fixing threaded from the and screw Then mount threaded and and turning the
Water The the should 25C. If as the and the and of his this Concealed The ELECTROLUX IH operated with heater. with shutoff and outlet using The and the screw the of the The throttling.
directly the the bushing the the of the The with the the and the housing To protection the fitted. The following with swivelling shower bath with tub/shower of the installation, the should thoroughly flushed with the The possibly cleaning vertically seated and centrally the Seal to the where necessary, with accessory). If supply to the the should with screw fixing the
Cleaning the If the flowrate reduced from the the should cleaned as follows: Flow off and shutoff The flow the to allow outlet high flow of C, showering. and
The should only the connected! The of (three-phase The connected to the protective The that the (disconnected from the electricity supply) intervention the the switched off, or of least top The from the insulated of least factory-prefitted. bush through the back and screw fixing
this the from top to the the back and the leads to the Carry and fixing the as protection with the Heating LED IN W4 W3 W2 W1 L1 L2 L3 L1(R) L2(S) L3(T) PE tion Safety- and
tion Safety- and The to to 40C or 45C. the to the of 30C. the the Turn the that the with the the and plate of the when reassembling! the of the the the the of the back and If necessary, the with screw to the IN
the the first and The and firm of which and function. the (connected to the electricity supply), should thoroughly flushed with and the of the screwed checked. the heater (connected to the electricity supply), should inspected trained to that protection of the heating the switch-on of and the of the supply the should thoroughly flushed with switched then should the reconnected to the electricity supply. the should with of the and the instructions and
instructions the trained the of should first to whether the and protection switch tripped. Heating switch flowrate too and tripped Active (LED) Appliance or of and shower heads Defective heating Inadmissibly high C) Inadmissibly high outlet C) the Clean Dismantle and the and showers heads Inspection and only the trained Appliance should operated with preheated Inspection and the trained Inspection and the trained
indications Appliance FLASHES 25C ON The indicated The every If the rectified, the memory cally Function.(Sometimes with flow phase LED LED reachd FLASHES 37C FLASHES FLASHES heat FLASHES heat heat Flowrate L1 or L3 phase L2 phase ON Water
the The the safety-function of the noticed, the (LED) and the heating switched off. the recitified, memory Instructions the "Instructions and 17and
Customer service If please service should repaired trained the seriously repairs. of the of service attached. If service, to these indicated the rating To the from the rating and them to 267789/K33895/8040 EHT D-90449 GERMANY