OWNER'S GUIDE READANDSAVETHESEINSTRUCTIONS Gibson. DRYER P/N
the information this to the of fire or or to property or of life. or or other and the of this or other WHATTO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS: to light switch; building. Clear the building or of Immediately from neighbor's Follow the instructions. If reach the fire and service service agency or the Product Instructions Drying Procedures Common Drying and Cleaning Service Warranty and Service...................... P/N131878600. Spanish Products P.O. GA Product Thank choosing this This owner's and Record and Record below the and found the plate located the of the Keepthese reference. of Purchase Product The PRODUCT REGISTRATION CARD should completely, and White Consolidated Industries, Inc. rights Instructions instructions this To reduce the of fire, shock, or to when this with the basic below. to comply with these serious items that previously cleaned or with cleaning these items or the These off that or _To fire, heat to items containing plastic, or textured or items containing feathers or Heat) only. Clean the or each The of the housing and should cleaned months service amount of build-up these and fire. and the the or overheating and to If the when finished using the around the and surrounding free from the of and the flow of or or throw the front or back of the recommended items to cooking Items with cooking to reaction that to catch fire. complywith these fire, serious and/or to the or of the type of or or products to the of the or Printed U.S.A.
This operating instructions It alsocontainsinformation aboutfeatures other included. Usethe as instructed this and the Instructions included with fire or shock. or or grounding from cord. to followthiswarning serious fire or death. ELECTRIC DRYERS: 14-30R FUSED30 AMP OR WALL RECEPTACLE CORRECT this ONLY GAS DRYERS: Grounding type grounding CORRECT this ONLY The instructions appearing this to cover and that Common and bepracticed when operating and anyappliance. Protect Children allow to or the of children necessarywhen the teach them the of the and other the unpacked. Children might them covered with or sheets become airtight chambers. products of reach. To the from service or the to to comply with these serious To shock and operation, the and electrically grounded service with instructions the the reference. INSTALLATIONINSTRUCTIONSfor If the to location, and service DRYER DRYER SERVICE CORD To or to the the of properly grounded and The third grounding ground the to or ALWAYS the from the supply service or cleaning. to shock or injury. type cleanser when cleaning interior. or shock _To reach the the the completely reaching the To and to the repairs and servicing authorized servicer specifically recommended this authorized factory nottamperwith or the where to the weather. _I_ thermal switch off the the of overheated only). servicetechnician the thermal switch correcting the to comply with these serious SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
Drying Procedures Follow instructions. J_ items to Follow the below the Read the Instructions operating and follow and operating this items items of and the items from light-colored items. items that shed from those that attract If item sheds it heatproof and finish. and and sashesto and If turn which heat permanently items to and easy that and the The the to Items totumble freely and items, or Filloutthe with and items. the and Instructions Turn clockwise to the the 2seconds or the clockwiseto ON, seconds and release. To or itemswhen the the The when the Allow the to to reaching To the then the seconds or the clockwise to ON, seconds and release. The the the the items immediately and or If the to OFF. To reduce the of fire, shock, or to or loads, lint-free and to grease caused items. causewrinkling, harshness, and build-up of electricity, which If
Placethe front the of the Common Drying cleaning and of and and satisfactory follow these The and Association. PROBLEM POSSIBLE CAUSES SOLUTIONS PREVENTIVE MEASURES Greasy, with to and rewash, electricity. when attached to off, and to with or to synthetic and This to from Leaving items the ON, sound the of each and the Sentry The Light light whenever the to the and Closing the off the light. with The the right or to the INSTALLATIONINSTRUCTIONSfor the Drying Usethe to items which should the and the the the front the of the items to top of the should items, items the or through the other items when the Select items Useonlythe heat) items containing plastic, feathers or items the and the If items the and to the and rewash using the sheet and without heat. or to and or heat items immediately. or should top of the washer or to reduce electricity. items when they slightly to that and to starch or and Turn items to reduce Follow If concern, items while slightly and or to Block items as as
and Cleaning Clean every or products top of They the or To reduce of fire or serious to or property, with the and those below. cleaning the the to shock type cleanser when cleaning interior. or shock Clean the every build-up the restricts flow, which The located the of the straight the and the Occasionally build-up the from using sheets. To this build-up, the thoroughly and the without the If the becomes from clean the with cloth and household cleanser. cleanser the Every months authorized servicer should the and These and amount of build-up and fire Clean the with and or cleansers. If the becomes stained, clean with bleach with clear from or with of and with the of the or the of or thin the front to to
Service OCCURRENCE POSSIBLE CAUSE SOLUTION securely the fits tightly or heat. There house the If of the blown, the turn the heater Drying too with from the of the each too or least inches and of or overloaded. Drying Procedures, Scratching or of the such as or finish. buttons the service, this It both and The includes that the of workmanship or this House or tripped. or Thermal tripped. authorized service supply INSTRUCTIONSfor anough supply to INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS. the LPgassupplytankisemptyorthere or of should heat when service restored. connected to Drying than Drying procedures followed. Drying Procedures, or Clean obstruction. or restricted. High humidity. near the Items too items as as of items. Drying Procedures, Drying too high. Follow instructions. Permanently attached items such as and the of the overloaded and the the than and INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS. from from and It to of securely around ornaments to scratching and to the caused or permanently attached items covered the warranty.
GIBSON DRYER WARRANTY protected this warranty FULLTWO-YEAR years from or of this Costs of service that WARRANTY purchasedate, which to or NORMALRESPONSIBILITIESOFTHECONSUMER,* workmanship. LIMITEDWARRANTY of the of the warranty and the Costsofthetechnician'straveltothehomeandany (Applicabletothe below apply, and of the of service. warranted Products, of White Consolidated Industries, Inc. authorize to or to of obligations this warranty. obligations service and this warranty authorized servicer. *NORMAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CONSUMER EXCLUSIONS IF YOU NEED SERVICE WARRANTY FRIGIDAIRE, THROUGH ITS AUTHORIZED THECONSUMERWILLBE PERIOD SERVICERS, WILL: RESPONSIBLE FOR: This warranty to products ordinary household and the the items below: of the with instructions with the authorized servicer with instructions with the and with and/or to grounded supply of of blown of or house the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. to installation. of light and/or with these features). This warranty cover the following: CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. allow the or of or this or apply to Service which malfunction or workmanship or or ordinary household The such service services servicers other than authorized servicers; of other than Products obtained from other than such servicers; or such as supply or acts of Products with that or and readily of or other record. The the establishes the warranty should service required. If service to and This written warranty rights. You other rights that from to Service this warranty obtained Gibson: FRIGIDAIRE GA P.O. Product or as or illustrated to without White Consolidated Industries, Inc. This warranty only the of the U.S.A. and HOME PRODUCTS