Index the integrated and Advanced function and cooking with L.T.C. to cooking cooking Selecting cooking cooking cooking roasting instructions Explanation of and advanced functions chilling of food chilling cooked food instructions instructions selection Meat/poultry/game Farinaceous Seafood chart thanks to the Chefs from Professional who contributed with their international
You what eat coined this when of right. what eat. become It therefore that eat correctly. of the of the catering than that the food appetising and this the with and Chill With (patented) and within the cooking chamber L. philosopher,
the the opportunity of Modularity, technology, of please
Preparation Chilling: Serving Food Perfect food, and More of food The Higher Quality Greater Higher Margins Selective purchasing More work-flow offer higher to reduced cooking Reduced Increased profits
from Perfect food, and
Perfect food, and Perfect cooking the thanks to: atmosphere of cooking heat chilling the UK and NF chilling and and holding air-o-check: of chilling and Integrated Complete and to perfectly both Integrated throughout the to integrated built-in cleaning to from and and money with Reduced healthier foods Allows the the efficiently and effectively Perfect food throughout from to
and selection Steam Convection Core Advanced cooking with ARTE Patented and humidity) Steam build-up Steam Core functions cool
selection Steam Convection Core Advanced functions user Phase and II cooking Steam build-up Steam Core functions cool
Steam C to C C pre-heat function software) There cooking Steam where from to C Normal Steam cooking C Heated Steam from to C Steaming foods that cooked (with to cooking foods, while heated Humidity which and when foods this the cooking chamber. This of Convection and Steam cooking of C. Its with bone, poultry, seafood, products and C Reduced cooking and heating food higher and with the of the to the to the Doughs and below C, the which and the the The reduced This with of C. of Convection cooking the first with the the closed the with the and third the to the the cooking The the from the food and from the Convection cooking roasting the gratin, breads, fresh or products, and browning. selecting of C of which the reduce the to C. Advanced functions and allows to cooking phases or the of cooking atmosphere whole or
and cleaning chamber injection emptying cool of overnight combined with and cooking It to the food and ready to Its light items. HOLD HACCP (HACCP BASIC) or integrated PC network (HACCP advanced). HACCP HACCP cooking chamber when prompted reading SOAP. At of intergrated shower to cooking chamber. cooking such as cakes, and other foods. Compatible with cooking and overnight and reduces to Linear phase cooking or and reduced the to the chamber. this seconds of high to cooking chamber. crusting If the to injection. this the LED light To the the LED light to closing. cool activated manually to from type of cooking to another. cool activated when necessary the C).
cooking with
cooking with to and the following: the the where the seconds. which easily from to At the of cooking END appears and flashes to the the cooking This as often the hear the of and foods cooked. Every cooking selected, and cooking or when the the Pre Heat. If the selected C or the heat to that If the selected higher than C then the heat C higher to the heat when to with when the lights off to Steam this the C which the If or heated then the and to C. of Steam and Convection this cooking the coloured the this the If of the and the the while the flashing. The to the REAL within the cooking chamber. Whether cooking or to the of Convection selecting the with closed the from the food cooked the This browning as too
Press the and the the of This that when the of selected reached (this humidity), displayed the coloured together with (indicating the of and visually). The and within the of the where force allow fresh from the to the chamber. This fresh then through the heating the cooking chamber, which the cooking (as the heated) and which then force the of the Once the of the Third choice of Convection with this achieved advanced and selecting the which allows release of from the chamber. Every cooking manually or from the library, the pre-heat to the reached to If to C the cooking chamber pre-heat to that If C the pre-heat C higher to when to ready, and LOAD the the the the and the STOP to the cooking If this the START pre-heating and activated. The to cooking heating roasting cleaning the cleaning and the touched the Stby which The the LCD The touches the automatically. cooking which with the F to they factory cooking
user The To the of the that phases each with to hours of theory phases, which of (which the operating, to or then the phase to heat the ready A. To within cooking cooking to the cooking with higher than cooking to the to the Then to allow the to the phase The third phase then which then the chamber B. the of cooking when Chain operations where This allows the cooking which the cooking phase would and the phase would C. At the phase the heating and off, as the to rotating around the food cooked affecting the the off and the sounds indicating when the the there of as the already
ECO It of the chamber with the of the food. The to C C, using C C of Linear ECO This type of cooking ideally to of and the to to the cooking Then then functions and ECO At this the C which select. the the wish, C the and the to the cooking the phase of this would when the selected reached). The of the C when the cooking started, the then to C, which C the the of the too the with the C which the selected. If selected of C then the chamber C the of the cooking This cooking than the of cooking the higher which to profits! of ECO cooking to
The shows the: Selected and the Selected and the Selected Core and the Core This to the (and what selected cooking should the choice then another to this and cooking the that cooking selected, to they the and seconds which then the to flash. At this the input then the this and the accordingly, without to and the hours of operation, the memory to release the from the This when the the to C or below, normally the the turned At the of of the Cleaning the stand-by which off to the off the lights the the This allows the to cleaning then
reached the with of both and within the cooking chamber and while cooking with Convection (Dry) forced With and cavity cooking thing of the The following of the cooking and to them the option to to humidity while the or Convection cooking (with the Chef/operator to the cooking to You that food and ALL food consists of least higher. With the cooking factors to firstly with Convection cooking to the Convection to exceed. This the chamber once the food heating and cooking ONLY from the food This noticeable when of as with the amount of from the of this then browning With the as and when the ACTUAL approaches the the the cooking with the the normally this from the and introduced to the cooking chamber the to which the through the when cooking with higher than cooking The reason the as as to meat.
user Convection With closed With closed With of C, this products such as cakes, of with cooking to pre-heat the to the food pre-heat the to C abovethe cooking C pre-heat the to C least first. This activated selecting from the Advanced this of C attainable of This cooking and poultry, of meat which as they heat the allows to
Convection cooking with the (activated the selection This to obtained within the cooking chamber. This necessity, as cooking of food when heating from within the food creating the This when the and the the cooking of, or meat the amount of within the cooking chamber closed) reach of this thanks to its the and the to the
Combination of and this cooking the attainable C the This cooking of meat the including seafood and the of pre-cooked foods. cooking (and the the heat the food the cooking process. Steam cooking these foods, the only C to the (caused the of meat With the Combination cooking of C obtained, the cavity heated or heated It therefore to the The the only that the the cavity of the through This allows through injection of only when necessary, and the the cavity of when the cavity of the cooking to the the selection then using the to The the humidity, and the cavity the
air-o-steam Steam Steam C heated C or and/or This of cooking foods traditionally cooked this the include reduced cooking of and importantly to perforated cooking to allow the of forced around the and to the with food. should the used. Perforated allow the to the The A Steam the cooking chamber of the selected. This the LAMBDA to To Heated Steam the the and to C to C. With from to C, the Steam cooking foods such as breast, light It the that the or cooking of food, when to of the capacity the option of selecting and/or to reduce operating Another when cooking items such as or to foods the of
user Steam the of the heating to the chamber heated the cooking of foods such as Heated Steam cooking as the recovery to the of the heating that this should cooking as the high the foods and
theres Other options include the following cooking This of using or of cooking the food of The first to the as this and finally finishing with then with to (or phase pre-heating the to C), the which roasting the the C, of C then to cook (or phase Select with of C with C, then to cook (or phase Select with and C and C, the to cooking with cook and finishing with cook Scoring the with and with the
L.T.C. AOS of with testing laboratory and with the University of Italy. this every from of meat that would otherwise roasted the Another factor whether or the meat manipulated meaning with and as would with shoulder or If the meat cooked with bone the then the higher to the meat to the bone which increases the to heat Another NOT to the to cooking as this from the meat which to and NO the Season the meat AFTER cooked.
Preheating phase cooling-down phase C C Searing phase C C C to with LTC people year people the phase finished then the Cool Down and when the to C the selected. C then the cool to C. the phase cooking the the off with to around the meat, as the of the meat the the reached the the C The then switches off the to the as the phase this where the seconds Every the to building The LTC recommended of hours, from when the meat first the to when they should With red hour the phase to becomes the AOS o the LTC the library, the and to Press the to the which through as below; Another to the the top of the preheating phase to Finishing-off phase and the preheat, indicated the where the normally. The factory the preheating phase C, the and using the higher this increase the of the meat the cooking phase. COOKING CHAMBER TEMP CORE TEMP the meat it roasting and with to preheated and Load appear, the with and the meat the below the to off the meat. the cooking with with to easy of the then the the to the the phase which the heating, this to Seal the meat, bacteria and to the of the people year people people
user with the C Lowest measured Continuous operation The food while cooked or the guesswork and food cooked to perfection. The of the the lowest This that the perfectly within the food cooking achieved, perfectly cooking The following to cooking foods and This service which hours You choose cooking and with of C, then instead of selecting (or the selected. Then the to the the continuously it Continuous when using the phase.
to to country legislation to Shoulder Thigh Gammons Poultry Fresh Breast (defrosted) (whole) Breast Pheasant Shepherds
cooking to and Meat Loaf Whole Dishes Whole Roasted Whole Whole scouping and Dishes (cubed) with bone (cubed) (cubed) (cubed) with bone with Meat sealed then to with
and HOLD U The cook and years the the when would the ground and fire heating stones. the they would cover the with of meat the cover the meat with then (cover with of the This to and the to and the early the with the and of meat with this (without the with selecting the first cooking phase, and then proceeding to phase and choosing the function. holding that this the the cavity. Once the (and to the C than to cook and the without reached the switch from to and the and the This of cooking of meat of (or phase cooking humidity, C and C with the Then and then to cook (or phase the with the from the the holding of C, then the to The and operation. user
ECO ECO cooking cooking high of The the of the food to cooked and the the cavity. This cooking cavity anywhere the of C (Convection or C higher than the and increases proportionally with The of C to C. and and shifted to or Higher through cooking There of ECO Linear and Linear this when the the and cavity This when the the and cavity the of the process. of C C C C C C C C C C C C C C C
Selecting cooking or U START STOP U To cooking or that follow this the first turned and the the three cooking flashing together with the Advanced and the the and the turn the the the cooking or of the cooking numbers. Then to remember first to heat the to the to cook! If the another cooking or heating the release then and seconds the clear. You the three cooking flashing together with the Advanced functions and the the and the the cooking to when the first appears seconds the to appear. user
user off meat and with seasoning/herbs of choice. or of rough to allow to around the The cooked to the from Clean meat and spaced to each other. the or of rough Phase Phase C Phase C Core C Phase (optional) HOLD C Continuous Phase C C humidity, Core C Phase C humidity, Core C Phase
off and bone. Season as and cook with bone thickness of bones to protection and to them white. of with towel, seasoning the Phase or GN Phase C Core C Phase C Core C Phase C humidity, Phase C Core C Phase
BBQ from the then with towel. Seasoning (stuffing) to seasoning the of the or GN back Seasoning of finely chopped onion white without the the individually the to this to cleaned and sliced. ground fresh chopped heat, onion and cook without with onion and cook lightly cooked the through then the and together then lastly the Allow to cool to The stuffing and tight the to Phase C humidity, Phase C humidity, Phase C humidity, Phase C humidity, Phase C Core C
from the then with towel. Seasoning (stuffing) to seasoning the of the or GN back ready to GN perforated sheets. Allow enough Phase they together user Phase C humidity, Phase C humidity, Phase C Phase C humidity, Phase C Core C Phase C humidity, Phase
Pre GN or Phase or and to hour to the meat Meat alternated with of red, or and Meat marinated and seasoned to GN Teflon or them. each GN Teflon coated or trays. with and Phase with seasoning to C humidity, Phase C Phase Phase C humidity, Phase C humidity, Phase C humidity, Phase C Phase
the GN to water/stock. to each Water reduced to of which slightly shorter cooking If or reduce the Phase to with should perforated GN Pre heat to C humidity. This Boiled cooked, to release the from the Idaho/Jacket Select which the of and Phase GN of rough Phase C humidity, Phase C humidity, Phase Phase C humidity, Phase C Phase C humidity, Phase C humidity, Phase C humidity, Phase
GN perforated as Pre heat to C humidity. Whole Clean with GN together with cherry white onions, fresh and or Olive bones or GN which brushed with the of the with towel. the with and with seasoning Phase C Phase C Phase Phase C Core C Phase Phase C humidity, Phase C Phase
each perforated sheets. Phase Apple perforated sheets. Phase Meat each Teflon or Phase C humidity, Phase C humidity, Phase C humidity, Phase C Phase C humidity, Phase C Phase
user and perforated sheets. Phase Apple (or round cake or GN Phase C Phase C Phase C Phase C Phase
cooking
cooking of phase Item Phase Convection C Phase C Phase Phase C Phase Convection C Core C Core C Core C
Item Phase Convection C Phase C Phase Convection C Phase C Phase Convection C Phase Core C
user Item Meat Phase Phase Phase Steam C Phase Convection C Phase Convection C Phase C Phase C Phase Core C
Item Phase Phase Phase Convection C Phase Convection C Phase C Phase Steam C Phase Core C
Item Poached Phase Phase Steam C Phase Convection C humidity, Phase
roasting Based GN GN GN GN GN pitch Whole each each pitch Whole each each pitch Whole each each pitch Whole each each pitch Whole each each
user (whole) Item Phase Convection C Phase C Phase C Phase C Phase Convection C Phase Core C
operating instructions user
and Instructions Turn to on/off and seconds. The You the The flashing, this the To to the hour that the clock clock! To the The flash, to To the the The flash, to to month the the flash. to month. To the then to seconds the flashing, the the memory.
cooking memory with humidity, the then to Select the to air-o-steam C). or the Turn to or To cook You then P: MENU P: ADD PHASE Press to P: MENU another cooking repeating To P: ADD PHASE P: MEMORISE RECIPE Press to
P: SELECT NUMBER Press then P: CONFIRM appear and to or to another of choice. To P: SELECT NUMBER P: EDIT NAME Press P: CONFIRM to or selected right arrow to to input. Turn to the written. Press ROAST BEEF P: EDIT NAME ROAST BEEF P: STORE Press ROAST BEEF P: ADD PHASE Turn ROAST BEEF P: EXIT
START STOP START STOP Press ROAST BEEF P: CONFIRM Press seconds, the clear cooking memory. To cooking then turn to of seconds and the of appear. To
user of You to cook The chamber and the meat C. Operation Select with the then to Operation Select the to C). Operation to of C. Press P: MENU Press and P: ADD PHASE the to P: ADD DELAY and D1 P: MENU the the You the cooking to to the numbers).
START STOP Press to The lights off and the D1 alternately. the the cooking
and (pre-heat to C) Select with humidity, the then to Select pressing the to C). the C below what would normally cooking and Press the showing Press the and while the flashing to the of choice. P: MENU Press P: ADD PHASE Press and P: MENU Press P: ADD PHASE the turn P: ADD HOLD
START STOP P: MENU the P: ADD HOLD The the advanced the turn to C. to the meat reached the the switch to function. The chamber intermittently, seconds seconds
ECO cooking Linear Process U START STOP Select and to the the to C the and while the flashing to C. the advanced and using the the You the This the the of the food and the chamber The from C to C. If of C and using C the and to The the chamber C the of the Operation the reached the the automatically. You that the meat brown, to the fact that the of the cooking the chamber only C least C to browning). the from the Convection C and heat then the to This
ECO cooking (pre-heat to C U Steam C phase) and of Press P: MENU P: ADD PHASE Press and P: MENU and to Advanced the ECO red. Press the and C the and choose of C
user Press and P: ADD PHASE Press and P: MENU and ECO of C, C. Press and P: ADD PHASE Press P: MENU and ECO of C, C. Press and P: ADD PHASE Press P: MENU Convection the Convection the Select ECO of C, of C.
U START STOP Press and P: ADD PHASE P: MENU advanced and the the the to the This to other meats, the to
Notes:
instructions
Warning the light know that the cleaning/descaling Operation Turn off the supply to operation). Press the emptying the light this the and the from the released. the from the located top of and of white or supply which top to the operation least hours This allows the to and the Next turn off supply to the emptying button, the light and the the and of cool to Turn supply to emptying to the (light flashing). the ready that the
Cleaning cooking chamber START STOP cooking trays, from the The below C to the cleaning higher the (with the the closed the the to the cooling process. the cavity shows than C, the and the cool to the Press the cooking cleaning or LTC, the shows P: MENU then and seconds the using the cleaning Turn to or STOP to START Press the the and and the supply to turned the to the the cleaning trolley and then with cloth. the with food scraps. and clean as necessary, cleaning when cleaning around and heating wear protective when using cleaning chemicals. The that the located top and the easy access. to clear the
Notes:
and cooling and the they software Chamber/core HACCP and malfunction with Advanced functions the function Core to UV selection (UK, NF, CUSTOM) Advanced HACCP To of the advanced first U then to the function Then to confirm. U Chilling/freezing selection: Soft chilling chilling holding holding NF/UK or arrows Core Advanced functions
Automatically the to the type of food. It reduces the chilling and burns. Soft Chilling foods, such as or seafood, C of cakes, Chilling or firm foods, such as below the ground), C and and whole of meat and poultry. of food or cooked that to C of C or C cooling the user to and C. Indicated countinuous and activated whenever necessary and as the function as necessary. Can activated manually. Core It allows to the of (optional) or of food. UV UV (only to the cooling chamber selection Through this function, to the reference (UK and NF third created to match or of the following and and HACCP options with UV HACCP the HACCP the memory. the the Chilling with the ARTE activates activated the of each to and the Can activated manually to or Can software) the ICE CREAM and and the ICE CREAM cooling Advanced functions NF UK SET HACCP
function Cooling The the chilling It to terminate the within the and the food the the food, the and the CRUISE It first where the the C. the reaches 0C the AOC reads the food the food to then the C Chill the to C the food measured and to then to Chill with the C. The Cooling allows the to and C. The Chiller to the the and the defrosting To the the M and the light the and seconds to the from what previously used. the flashing the right or of to Then the to when the cooking batches of food and to the other.
There fresh that usually batch and then C. These of then the with the food the The C and the the C. the reached C, switches to the holding the first with the the C, continuously and used. The to the Press the and using the SET. It U U to the the right arrow and Press the to the and the or right arrow Press the to the to U To the the fresh or To to to to to the the flash, then the then the to and U
user Notes:
chilling with
Chilling With the to to and of products. items to turned to This the to then the chilling to the the outlet cavity. the the to each and with and The outlet connected hose to
Soft Chilling the the cavity C Soft Chilling foods the ground seafood of meat breast cakes, that the to and of least allowed the top of and the of the to allow to around the the chilling process; foods the of to ready to holding or Follow these and foods Firstly cook the to (slightly from cooking and with as this of the ready the of as of heat and cold), and splash of the and to the chilling the of and when cold, the ready to to or cool with or when to Dont allow to too as and of
cooking to cook to cooked as they cook slightly they to normally cook reduce the cooking as the to from and the to allowed the of cooking Seafood If cooking of try to cook the the reads C as the cooking of It to cover the when the this to nearly food, as covering lengthen the chilling process. This to the with the food. (cooked) top of each other, to which the chilling them allow to If the thick enough the of them.
Chilling that the the cavity C Chilling This or firm foods below the ground and and whole of meat and than as the to chilling based products, the and to ease of when the Allow each of foods, stews, the chilling they to the food around of the to the as this the internal of the food the food the the the The when the to the the and internal-cavity-temperature the the the internal of the food and when to C the the the then to holding of C. the the as C, with cooked of the the food C morning. finished with cavity with cloth and and cloth and white or anti-bacterial cleaner. (slightly using the or clean, of as spacer. to and user
user of food chilling to cover food with or to and to other products based foods, curry measured then which to If shelf life, the food such that the of pillow, they (shelves) the which the directly the (shelves) without the then the the The of to them once and to or upright they the with and reference. to to health the shelf of products to food technologist. This to used, of and cooking
cooked food U START STOP It to pre-cooked food to countries this to with health authorities. Press the advanced functions and using the the then the cooking advanced to confirm. The Once displayed below the coloured the while the flashing, the to to cooked/chilled breast with light stuffing, humidity. the internal chamber to heat to C) C to C the and to the to the to the reached. Press the cook which selects both cooking or the to and the the breast, and the to
The the reaches C and the of the C. Product that than and with of when based products to first then Once cover with tight or airtight to that when sealed to to increase which the If items such as meat them they touching each other, once they then sealed as flow.
operating instructions
Chilling Soft Chilling START STOP Turn to on/off to of the below Soft Chilling C Chilling C Chill C C C Chilling C The selected become Press to PREP the This function to the chilling the
To from NF to UK or U NF UK U Press advanced Then the selection lights Press advanced to arrows Select or seconds and from the user
and cavity Select the to chilling the You the becoming To the chamber/core and the cavity light C. seconds then the flash. the to the the to C. Once selected the seconds then If to the of the and seconds. The the flash, the the It seconds then You and which memory choose to
If to the You the becoming The to: C to C C to C C to C C to C The reason to the of and cavity to allow flexibility the Chilling of the thickness of allow the to of the thin and thick with of C and of to Once the o to holding C.
To U NF UK Press advanced functions (right-hand) selection. (right-hand), while this Press chamber/core and the flashing. from C of cooked food the to of C. To button. Then of
user
user Fresh food directly from the The of combining Steam and high velocity to thaw products. The C to C of of thawing to thaw to C as this as the meat firm and when slicing.
turning To them the perforated the the hand the the and the to The thawing the the the when the and the thawing activated. The the increase the to C. first then and finally C where the thawing the internal high with input of which as with the food back to the food that the of the food C, this to the physics of the reaction of the from within the food and through the foods The when cooking food that the from the cooking through the the food Once the of the food reached C from then the and the to C and this the reached and The to C, the input and the reduce to flow. At the input seconds, this to the food
Capacity Cleaning The recommended of and the thawing The recommended of and the thawing both and heating to the to C. the first the and perforated cover) with and then the to the This the and the to C and This to the
Minced Meat Cubes/Sliced meat of of thawing C thawing Minced Meat Cubes/Sliced meat of of thawing C thawing thawing reduction of
user Notes:
selection user
meat/poultry/game
Generally as plated cold, then Chilling With C HOLD C C C Pre-heating GN Pitch Food item C C Generally as plated cold, then With With C C C C C C C C C C with LTC C with LTC Pitch Pitch of C C C C With With C C C with LTC G/N Pitch G/N Pitch C with LTC
C C Chilling With C C Pre-heating G/N Pitch GN Food item C C C With C C C C with top Pitch Pitch Pitch C C C C With C C C C C C C C C C C C C C C C C Pitch Pitch BBQ With
C C Chilling With C C C Pre-heating GN Pitch GN breast Food item C C C C With With C C C C C C C with LTC C with LTC GN Pitch Pitch breast (fresh) C Normally and with Not C C C C C C with LTC each GN Pitch Pitch shoulder
Not With Chilling C Pre-heating Pitch GN Food item Meat portioned with GN as plated or C C with covered Not of cook (GN Normally and With With C C C C C C GN Pitch GN Pitch Pitch tongue as plated or C C C With C C C C C C C C C GN Pitch Pitch of Boned, Meat
farinaceous
Normally eaten Chilling With C C Pre-heating GN Pitch Food item C C C C portioned With With C C C C GN Pitch Pitch Pitch C C C C C C portioned portioned With With C C C C C C each each Pitch each Pitch With
C portioned Chilling If With C C Pre-heating GN Pitch Food item
user
Not Chilling C C Pre-heating GN Pitch C) perforated Food item C C C C C Pitch Pitch Pitch and sheet perforated Yorkshire C C C C C C C C Pitch Pitch or greased greased Scrambled top of each other With
With Chilling C C C Pre-heating GN Pitch Food item Scotch
seafood
C Chilling C C Pre-heating GN Pitch with Food item C C C C C Pitch Pitch Pitch GN poached Whole C C C C perforated Pitch Pitch perforated Seafood With
C C Chilling If With C C Pre-heating GN Pitch Food item C With C Pitch
plated Chilling C Pre-heating perforated GN Pitch Food item plated plated C C perforated, Pitch perforated, Pitch Pitch Beans Beans (fresh) plated plated C C C perforated, perforated, Pitch Pitch (fresh) perforated, plated
plated With Chilling C C Pre-heating air-o-steam GN Pitch Food item plated C C C perforated, Pitch perforated, Pitch Pitch Corn C C With C C C Pitch
With Chilling C C C Pre-heating Pitch air-o-steam GN and Food item With cover C C Pitch Pitch Pitch Cover with each trays, cake With C C C C C C C U-PAN Pitch Pitch Poached and pears with With
Chilling C C Pre-heating Pitch GN Food item C C C round tins, Pitch cake
air-o-steam Chilling C Pre-heating air-o-steam GN Pitch or ready to Food item C C C or Pitch perforated Pitch Pitch Choux C C C C C C sheets, perforated sheets, perforated Pitch Pitch sheets, perforated French Apple
Chilling C C Pre-heating GN Pitch recessed Food item Christmas
user Notes:
Notes:
to The following and chart and Chill/ chart to Please these as and them as to which the reference. This of to and to
chart of
Chilling Chill/ chart Food item
Professional www.electrolux.com/foodservice of thinking www.electrolux.com The the right to without