dishwasher ESL
of when this
Welcome to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that You the this to this and and the from that to the of
information Product First and cleaning Something Technical Guarantee/Customer Service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
information the of and to the and first the this user including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and Correct This dishwasher household the dishwasher. This and other items with the with their or the and dishwashers. the whilst the operation, of the dishwasher the of the isolate the from the and off the supply. This should serviced only authorised service and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force Dishwasher burns to mouth and throat. Could life! Comply with the instructions of the dishwasher The dishwasher that the of the dishwasher closed when or unloaded. this the and themselves. or the information
information Child This to operated Dont allow to the dishwasher from There of suffocation. of reach. from the dishwasher when the dishwasher If dishwasher and to this and reasons to the or to this the dishwasher the supply and hoses or the top or plinth such that the of the freely Service Force to of the dishwasher to to and and follow the instructions
Product Water
On/Off selection buttons lights The indicates: the of to which the the of the activation/deactivation of the ONLY with function active the of appear the the countdown of the concerning malfunction of the dishwasher, the activated/deactivated.
when the when the Indicates the activation/deactivation of the function function" function"). The light the hours the replenished, the dishwasher switched If that to then this The function of the affected. lights
remember that when: the activating/deactivating the activating/deactivating the the MUST Press On/Off button, ALL lights Press On/Off ONLY light or selected this to to the to To or and the buttons the the lights The and the
introduced to which operations the dishwasher of the of intervention of to malfunction It to the of the buttons the Factory activated Deactivation/activation of the Press the On/Off The dishwasher Press and buttons and the lights of the buttons and flashing. Press the lights of buttons and off while the light of flashing. The the To the the the To the operation, switch off the dishwasher the On/Off button. deactivated activated (factory
first dishwasher the first that the and comply with the instructions from the the of the and then with dishwasher the If to such the function function). Water TH manually the The dishwasher with to and from the supply, which or the of the The higher the of these and the Water measured French (TH) and international the of The should to the of the Water Authority the of the the of
The both manually, the and electronically, of the the manually The dishwasher factory the dishwasher the from the dishwasher. Turn the to or the The dishwasher factory Press the On/Off The dishwasher Press and buttons and the lights of and flashing. Press the lights of buttons and off while the light of the the and of heard. The indicated the the and the of displayed, displayed, To the Each the the the selection of the the chart). the once, selected. the once, selected. To the operation, switch off the dishwasher the On/Off button. first
first with dishwasher specifically dishwashers. other of specifically dishwasher, the with of the This of or which the of the of which To the the and the of the turning anticlockwise. of the (this with the first the the the the that there of the screw thread or the the tightly turning clockwise with click. overflows from the when with this
with thorough and and free the the the release (A). the the The indicated The about of which and the According to the and obtained, the of of the The factory Increase the there of or the there whitish the or bluish glassware or that the closed every Clean with cloth to foaming the Only dishwashers. the with other dishwasher cleaning This would the first
to with dishwasher or and the dishwasher. with dishwasher Select the cutlery and the Loading cutlery and household cloths and that washed the dishwasher. the dishes, should: food and of burnt food the and cutlery, please Dishes and cutlery the of the items such as with the that the or base. Dishes and items of cutlery another, or cover each other. To to they the cutlery items and with coatings to these items as as and items. Light items the and they
the dishwasher the following and with horn, or mother-of-pearls of stoneware the dishwasher specially as dishwasher-safe the items that heat with that cutlery items or dishes. or items. Lead items to Items from synthetics washed frequently. and to white, and often and Therefore clean from immediately, it to straight
the and the to the dishes. The The to bowls, Serving and should around the of the that the freely. The of the easily lowered to allow to and bowls.
The cutlery upright and/or items of such as the when or items such as and should the cutlery with the facing and the with their facing upwards If the from the of the the arm, the with the facing upwards. with other cutlery to them from sticking together. To of the cutlery the cutlery to the If the and of the allow the of the they easily
The which to flexibility. To the them and them To the The The bowls, and items and the that reach with the racks. items, the upwards. closing the that the freely.
the height of the If plates them the the to the higher height of the the With With lowered To to the higher as follows: the both upwards the and the To the to the as follows: the both upwards and then allow the to back slowly, of or the the to the racks. the as
of specifically dishwashers. Please the and as stated the than the amount of to reducing with the the with The the of approximately of with prewash that the prewash chamber This the prewash phase. the the and from rates. this reason, their cleaning Therefore, please when to the of
function This with the function, that allows the of These products with combined cleaning, and They other which of choose whether these the instructions. Once this function selected active the following With the selection of this function the inflow of and from each respective supply deactivated and the lights and deactivated. Select the function the of With the of the function, the change. this the the of the of the updated. Once the the function NO If to the function to the and then the function. this to (and Activation/deactivation of the function and the buttons the the function This that the function active. To the function the buttons the light off. If the satisfactory that the with the the to The activation/deactivation of the with the function active.
Activation/deactivation of the Press the On/Off The dishwasher Press and the lights of and flashing. Press the lights of buttons and turn off while the light of flashing. The the To the the the deactivated activated To the operation, switch off the dishwasher the On/Off If to back to the of that Deactivate the function. the and the the to the highest and without dishes. the to the of the the
Select and Select the and with the slightly The of the or the countdown of the the of the then to the that the correctly and that the to that the Press the On/Off The dishwasher Press the to the chart). the dishwasher the automatically. and the with selected the the the flashing of hours the appear the The of the selected from to hours. the dishwasher the countdown automatically. The countdown with of The of the the countdown. the the countdown from the which interrupted. Once the the automatically. Once the started, point-shaped appears the beneath the dishwashers This the of the If the higher with mounted flush, the or ONLY necessary. Attention! when the the the dishwasher the the the from the which interrupted.
and the buttons the the lights The If to selected, that there the the To to the dishwasher. and the buttons the the lights the of the this to the of the The dishwasher and informs of the of the the the the beneath the dishwashers off. the dishwasher The light of the Switch off the dishwasher the On/Off the dishwasher and the dishes; this they and the the dishwasher to The should therefore allowed to cool from the Empty the first and then the this from the the the Water appear the and the of the dishwasher as the eventually become cooler than the dishes. the finished, recommended that the dishwasher and the turned off.
Crockery, cutlery, and Normal Normal (to completed the and information the the amount of the the The and this the or and the lightly or heavily The of the 50C and 65C. of of Crockery, cutlery, and Crockery and Normal or light Crockery and cutlery dishwasher. This the to the of family of who to and crockery and cutlery. Prewash to 70C intermediate Drying Prewash to 50C or 65C or intermediate Drying to 60C Prewash to 50C intermediate Drying (to food from sticking This the of
and cleaning and cleaning Cleaning the The and cleaned from to the cleaning the that the switched off. the the The dishwasher and Unlock the the the Turn the about anticlockwise and the of the the with the and from the Clean thoroughly the from the of the and clean both thoroughly. the back the of the and that fits perfectly. the the and together. the and turning the clockwise to the this that the the of the NEVER the dishwasher without Incorrect repositioning and of the and to the
NEVER to the If of the the them with cocktail cleaning Clean the of the and with cloth. If necessary products, scouring or cleaning that the around the the and cleaned with cloth. months to the heavy using without dishes. Prolonged of If using the prolonged of to: the and then off the the to the formation of the of the clean. the location where the below 0C. If this the the the and the If to the house Turn the off. the and hoses. the together with the hoses. the and cleaning
something Something The dishwasher or operation. to the of or oversights, which with the of the indications the chart, without the and the following corrective and malfunction and flashing of the light of the point-shaped flashing, appears the The dishwasher with flashing of the light of the point-shaped flashing, appears the The dishwasher flashing of the light of the point-shaped flashing, appears the activated to switch off the carrying corrective action. The or with Clean the The turned off. Turn the The (where the threaded hose the Clean the the threaded The hose correctly or or squashed. the hose The Clean the The hose correctly or or squashed. the hose the and Service Force
The flashing of the point-shaped the beneath the dishwashers the higher with mounted Malfunction and The The dishwashers properly closed. the Once these switch the the of the that the intervention of the and the dishwashers The from the which interrupted. If the malfunction or reappears the Service Force other the chart, please Service Force The the The blown the household the If to washed immediately, the Service Force the (PNC) and (S.N.). This information found the rating located the of the dishwasher that these hand, to of them PNC S.N. something
something The The and There or bluish coating and Water and If these the Service Force The satisfactory The selected. The such as to reaching of the The overloaded. The freely to incorrect of the The the of the or incorrectly positioned. Too or used. Where there the dishes; the or the incorrect of the The hose correct. The properly closed. used. The empty. Decrease Increase The the the
Technical Water supply Capacity (A) to without Height Information the the rating the of the dishwashers technical
technical and The the when the selected. The as and the and the of the and the of the supply and the amount of dishes. Water
Testing with EN with and the Amount of required: B) III) with EN when the and with and respectively and the hints cutlery
and/or to this should and/or plumber or the If the to and This dishwasher to counter or worksurface. Attention! follow the instructions the template building the dishwasher and the further the of the dishwasher to the and hose and through. The dishwasher incorporates to allow the of the operations that to internal the dishwasher to the that the the hose and the supply or squashed. Fixing to the The dishwasher Therefore that the counter to and of the the correctly the catch of the If the correctly, or the the perfectly
Water supply This dishwasher with or Nevertheless supply. supply with crockery as shortens the the the coupling to the supply hose to screw thread or to such as the Press-block. The within the the Technical specifications. Water Authority the The hose crushed, or when connected. The dishwasher and hoses which turned to the or the right to the of the The correctly to (Attention! NOT of dishwashers and hoses with this this of facility If the connected to or which should the the DO NOT hoses which previously This with features which the the from back the This with the
Water hose with the double-walled the to the Therefore the hose while the If the hose to this operation, the off the Please when the The the the double-walled the hose or the If hose or the the immediately. hose with or the Service Force the hose such that higher than the of the Warning!
Water hose The of the hose connected the following To the outlet to the of the This from the the To with internal The height of from the of the dishwasher. The hose to the right or of the dishwasher the hose or as this or the of The when the as this the to back the The of the including might than The internal of the hose than the of the hose provided. the internal of the couplings to the outlet than the of the hose provided. the hose to the (A) to the food building eventually the dishwasher hose with security to the of back the If the of incorporated this the of dishwasher. therefore to
the to earthed. to the the first that the rated and type of supply the rating match that of the supply where the to installed. The rating to found the rating the correctly shockproof and used. This fire through overheating. If necessary, the replaced. that the to replaced, Service Force The the installed. the the the The to the
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the used: the of the off the and and of them. of the catch. This from themselves and their The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
service Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear of the
The and of the (found the The purchase Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service The of Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland service This each of the the following the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of these countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the home, The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
service www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Gonalves S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  ,  ,
Notes
Notes
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk