TUMBLE ACTION WASHER instructions this This information about Service informations service Product Cover Instructions............................................2 Procedures Common and Cleaning Service Warranty Instructions and These Instructions Record and The and of washer found the washer located the top, of the Record and these numbers. instructions N N Purchase lachat: of P/N
This operating instructions washer. It information about other washer included the washer as instructed this and the Instructions included with washer. fire or shock. or or grounding from cord. to follow this serious injury, fire or death. Grounding type or the grounding from this supply with grounding CORRECT CORRECT CORRECT CORRECT CORRECT this ONLY this ONLY this ONLY this ONLY this ONLY or bleach with other household chemicals such as cleaners, removers, or products containing These which serious or death. The instructions appearing this to cover and that Common and when operating and Instructions Read instructions this washer. To reduce the of fire, shock, or to when this washer, comply with the below. to comply with these serious items that cleaned or with cleaning cooking these items or the washer. These off or reactions that or or greasy or clothing top of the washer. These off that the cleaning or other or to the These off that or that or HYDROGEN GAS IS EXPLOSIVE. If the such using the washer, and the flow from each This release or this to with these fire, serious and/ or to the or of the washer. Protect Children allow to or the washer. of when the washer near teach them the of the and other the washer unpacked. Children might them covered with or sheets become airtight chambers. products of reach. To injury, the washer from service or the washer to to comply with these serious FOR YOUR SAFETY or or other or the of this or other To shock and operation, the washer and electrically grounded service with instructions the washer reference. to INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS grounding If the washer to location, and service To or to the washer, the of the washer properly grounded and The third ground the washer to or Follow when using products. Incorrect serious or death. products specified the bleach with or such as To serious and to the washer: repairs and servicing authorized servicer specifically recommended this authorized factory with or the washer where to the weather. To reduce the of shock, this from the supply user Turning the to the OFF this from the supply. To reach the washer while or items, the and allow the to to reaching to comply with these serious This washer with protector. The becomes overheated. The washer cool of to the washer manually turned off this SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS ENERGY STAR Products that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. Printed U.S.A.
Procedures Follow the below the Sort that together. Empty items to washer. the Instructions operating and follow and To reduce the of fire, shock, or to Instructions operating this washer. Sort that washed together. Sort items recommended and white, light, and items from and items. items which from items which attract synthetic, and items from towels, and heavily items from lightly items. and items from items. items Empty off and and beach towels. and and nonwashable and ornaments. buttons, and other which This other items the and tears to further items such as shoulder and to the Turn items to and heavy to washer. Combine and items items first. items should than the items such as sweater, or This out-of-balance or items to the heavy items such as The washer loaded, the items should tightly packed. The should easily.
bleach and to following these bleach and to following these bleach and to following these bleach and to following these bleach and to following these A. OPENING AND CLOSING THE DISPENSER DRAWER the first the to the right, then the products, the the too early of the bleach and should completely bleach and to products with or such as bleach, and products should to the From to the bleach and This of the action and of the operation of the washer. C. LIQUID BLEACH If the recommended amount of bleach to and the Bleach" and with this the early of the bleach which clothes. bleach directly the or the bleach the B. DETERGENT measured to the of the flushed from the the of the Either or used. the washer as recommended this washer. the recommended amount. If reduced amount of used. reducing the amount of reduce cleaning, to and and overloading. to and of the D. FABRIC SOFTENER If the recommended amount of the and with this with to the the early of the which clothes. directly the of recommended action washers.
Procedures or products top of washer They the or or bleach with other household chemicals such as cleaners, removers, or products containing These which serious or death. and washer to type, and of each Instructions the washer. the washer and the the the items when the completed. items or as directed or items the washer the Precautions Procedures To reduce the of fire or serious to or property, comply with the below: and comply with instructions products. products their and of reach. Thoroughly used. products, and bleach. items which previously cleaned or with cleaning or other or they off that or such as the home. with or Washer than of the Washer the then the other To the washer, the To the the the to off of the To the and clockwise to the the to the washer. To the the and The then force the should closed completely operation. the washer closed or to force the when light ON) This to the washer. DO NOT the washer children to the or the washer. To the washer and injury, DO NOT or the washer bleach or top of the washer. They the or
Follow instructions. STAIN products, (coffee, Candle Chocolate or white Grease, cooking grease, Mustard, or promptly. the of then follow the recommended treatment the chart below. To prewash or from and unknown because instructions treatments to testing seam. and items TREATMENT Apply Scrape off towels. with prewash or cleaning containing to or or using and bleach with with or with containing bleach Scrape off towels. Press with frequently. Treat with prewash or cleaning to bleach or containing using bleach with prewash or with bleach or containing using bleach Scrape from using heavy and apply cleaning to back of frequently. thoroughly. to prewash or cleaning with bleach bleach and permanently off or with containing with prewash using bleach to towels. Apply to back of frequently. WATER BASED: cool while Once OIL BASED AND VARNISH: recommended thoroughly prewash or with using bleach of phosphate and bleach. bleach LIQUID: with of and PASTE: Scrape from with prewash or cleaning bleach or containing using bleach
and of and and satisfactory follow these The and Association. SOLUTIONS PROBLEM PREVENTIVE MEASURES Greasy, tears, or off, and to of and or items; of or Common POSSIBLE CAUSES Undiluted or directly Not enough too Incorrect Not enough Undiluted directly Incorrect of bleach. tears and threads. the washer. of Incorrect the washer. Not enough Undissolved resembling Static attracting too with synthetic and This to from too Not enough Water Incorrect Undissolved nonphosphate with to the washer. the washer. Incorrect too too Not enough Iron or supply, or heater. If caused white with L) item hour. If caused with Rewash with amount of and bleach Treat with prewash or Increase and Rewash. with tears and seams Rewash and amount of to to to with or or to Rewash and amount of Rewash with the Press or or containing (120F/49C) Increase bleach with To of whites, bleach to It and of Sort items and amount of and bleach amount of and directly Procedures bleach directly of items Procedures and the and bleach. Procedures and the washer. and amount of and the washer to fibers. starch or and Turn items to reduce and amount of and of Increase washer. or with nonphosphate washer. items from washer as as completed. Select amount of synthetics or to clear heater occasionally. supply
and Cleaning pulled Follow Instructions weather completed, top and of washer with cloth. Turn off to build-up the hoses. the with and or cleansers. If or becomes stained, clean with bleach L) with clear from or with of and with the of the or the washer, of or thin the front to Cleaning the and the should once or month. the first the to the right, then the back the of the cavity and the of the the the from the bleach and the and with to of and To the to clean the recess. from the and of the recess. the bleach and to their the and the Prewash without the items from the washer as as the and items the washer. cleaning the washer the to shock around the washer and These should to tight items washed, the this the with household cleanser. thoroughly with The become from Clean these with household cleanser. This to loads. Instructions If the washer where or follow these instructions to to the washer: Turn off supply hoses from supply and from hoses. properly grounded L) recreational vehicle (RV) to and washer to Not of the RV cord, and and washer upright To from washer washer through using
Service service, this It both and The includes that the of workmanship or this washer. POSSIBLE CAUSE SOLUTION OCCURRENCE NOISE "Clicking" High pitch and clanking sound or sound. OPERATING Washer Washer additives WATER Water collects bleach and too Water washer or slowly. or enough. Water washer or slowly. Water Incorrect and Water washer sound the amount of whine the such as or or Stop washer and If washer restarted, authorized servicer. and To and to and items Washer overloaded. washer. Stop washer and reduce thumping sound. This If sound washer of washer and redistribute Washer resting washer and INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and distributed Stop washer and rearrange or fits tightly House tripped, or occurred. or increase capacity. If corrected If Water supply turned Turn supply clockwise slightly. overheated. Washer becomes overheated. It of to washer manually turned off). Washer completely closed. completely. too or items to the Heavily items. with household cleanser, then or and from items should completely closed to This of the action and of the of the washer. Water the and and the or Washer overloaded. washer. Procedures. too or items to the of Rearrange to allow hose Water supply another the house. supply and increase. Water supply completely and Water elsewhere the house. Water least while washer Water hoses hoses. heater too or from washer. with or meat thermometer. Water should least 130F (70C). heater as necessary. the house. elsewhere or washer There enough cleaning. If to than hose or clogged. Clean and straighten the House Unclog necessary. hose or washer. and hose washers provided. when washer operating.. and hoses connected to supply hose to and hose to hose incorrect height. of high to INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS.
covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased "as-is" covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, etc.,which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other including, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE PRODUCT REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained the or phone below. If You Service This warranty the USA and the USA, warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product or as or to without USA Appliances North America P.O. GA Appliance Warranty Information Terry L5V 3E4