Instruction Cool Cool I14 EGB
Cool 405AP Cool 407AP with and with operated and
of infor- mation this operating instruction which to or when the following Notes with First Transportation the of (Mounting) Compressed Designation Unit of of of Commissioning Starting operation the factory Trouble shooting Technical Declaration EC-conformity Additional options
Information This the following. The regulations operation, and though these strictly stated these operating instructions. the of these operating tions the operating writing translation of these operating tion of The and the of the as as the of repairs operation, and of these instructions. to and locations to as of know the and of products' applications. constantly products to the of and and therefore, that free from the of that operation of to and of involved, additionally meas- necessary. Therefore, the of to his to inform about the of ucts to initiate necessary.
user Information Attention! The to the and existing internal tory regulations and specially trained and, necessary, of this Protective or or of the of the of or temporarily or permanently. and only. only. Attention! and supply and pulled that the switched to dismounting the from and the cleaning. the and free of cover- the and with cloth, or the or that or the
Information with Wear protection and protective of with (frost- To higher The of and directly the supply or the fire might the The toxic and or with the immediately and only the sufficiently when appear and only. as as The products toxic. and the to of to overheating: immediately
Information victim immediately the fresh or Splashes of the blown with the mouth. Then with of with cloth! If the breathe, mouth-to- mouth or the tors the and inform that caused type the victim of to and the hermetical sealed of the CA-dryers. Therefore, dismount- these operation The the recycling the Attention! the with household and thorized The of the atmosphere
Transportation the of (mounting) of Transportation to the of the of allowed. At the of the without anchorage or foundation the location The of C. Attention! To of the the and free of The Deviating the of the To the from the below C. Attention! At to the The that to the front Furthermore both of the Wall mounting with types.
cooled Compressed nection The cooling the the front This and obstructed. If necessary, cooling supply The cooling the top of the and the outlet of the cooling If the connected to to the The of the through the The to the service the of Attention! mounting the or other from the to connected. If excluded, The stress-free. recommended of and The completely and wired. They to connected to supply. The to protected slow-blow as the to or Attention! to reasons the with located the of the of the the mounted and the of the casing.
with with (option) Attention! hose the and of the leading the reasons the closed The as as from the The the Water and Attention! Route outflow that or outlet with operating with tion of operation.
The to the with of Thereby the increases The collecting should through- its whole least as the cross-section of the from to treatment
Unit Complete operating type Compressed the Following of the from Compressed-air Compressed-air outlet Cooling operating switch Cooling Access service input switch
switch off. or the the from the supply. If the disconnected the of to free rotating The heats operation that there of burns C F Normal- or tion of to Counter hours input
Normal Normal (factory operation operation The specially CA-dryers. It operates the of as cooling within cooling as as the and therewith the of the If allowed to the the cooling The of the second) and the function of the as the reaction without allowing to the the the to The the 3C. The the C. The the to the the location, to relative below the Attention! To this, that the of the whole CA-network below the the location of the (shown shortly hours
of of tion of operation The of the the technical related to of of C as as of C to DIN ISO higher and/or higher the which to increased and the At operation the of the The includes cooling the flow. The causing to which the The higher the cooling of the the higher the amount of The the cooling of the the The of cooling from the operating of the based the tion the of C) The precooled the and with the and precooled the first cooling the heat without Cooling counterflow to the already cooled heated this process. The cooling to the the cooling the refrigerant-to-air heat cooled the sequently, the cooled reheated the heat as already The indicated the
(option) reports The injected the refrigerant-to-air heat where thereby the cooled. The the cool- and the nearly The the within the and the The the the and cooling of the the the This with nearly of If the from the the to the characteristics of Once the with that the the internal and the forced the the The the closing of the outlet functional of necessary. At below operating the to the seconds. The LED flashes and activated. While the of seconds, to the automatically. automatically, as as the within the reached.
Commissioning Starting the with the or operating the switch operating the switch of least hours necessary. The switched the switch the connecting the The operation and switched of as to the performance automatically. indicated the operation switch The shows the reached the At the switched off with switch service the switched off the At restarting to item
of the factory factory Following operation operating the operation of relation to of the Next Press seconds to from If tor appears. Press seconds to and
P01 P02 P03 P04 P05 P06 P07 P08 P09 P10 Activation tory C). Acknowledgement of Acknowledgement of of of of of At the to the below. of AP, 406AP: AP: Attention! amount of the factor P06 lowered. amount of the factor P06 P06 Factor P06 factory Factor P06 Factor of the (factory C). C F. Activation Activation operation.
Acknowledgement (without Attention! to and highly the of operation and the the below to as of function of operated, the seconds. Flashing acknowledgement within the CA- seconds. Press P03 appears. Acknowledging the with the seconds
Cleaning of with Dismounting of with Mounting of (option) Inspection and cleaning of necessary. Attention! the only. this the of recommended from operating the and with cleaning necessary. with Mounting yearly
Trouble shooting F1 F2 EH EEPROM: EL FH EU H1 too high L1 too supply to technical indication: and
Acknowledgement of Acknowledgement of Function: Water properly fective function and establish supply If the service or CA- to the the possibly of the the Clean acknowledgement seconds. once P02 appears Acknowledgement of through seconds.
below Temporary of the to tion to high flow, or too high (with of of Clean with cleaning Increase whether selected or increase ity the Seal or the
operation: of and protection the to flow too high too high too high Defective or cooling cooled polluted too of or service the to operation cally protection cooled The restarting of the the protection to cool to operating flow whether properly selected, increase with and the of location or cooling Clean Increase operating whether properly selected
High Compressed too high too Icing of whether properly selected, increase capacity Increase operating whether properly selected Characteristics: increases flow and flow. the to the If the heat service.
AP AP AP Technical GB of Housing flow 230V 1N~ supply Allowable high Allowable Cooling +20C to the suction of the (A) IP height Sound of protection Specification: +35C +25C +3C +25C +60C outlet operating of 405AP 407AP 2C +50C Technical Designation: I1T 0GB Technical to without Allowed
C S1 switch L1 L1 PE PE X0 10A supply DIN A2 M1 S4 P> (PS) PE A1 C1 M2 K1 (M200) (V100) RAH E2A0405000 JN A1 Y1 A2 PE (A100) 405AP-406AP R1 NTC-resistor L1.1 N1.1 C Optionen only options
C S1 switch L1 L1 PE PE X0 10A DIN A2 XM M1 C S4 P> (PS) PE A1 K1 M2 C1 (M200) (V100) RAH E2A0407000 JN A1 Y1 A2 PE (A100) 407AP-409AP R1 NTC-resistor L1.1 N1.1 C options
the the DIN GB Short type P&I Coded 405AP-407AP A2 EICA 405AP-407AP Y1 A100 405AP-407AP with A102 405AP-407AP switch S1 405AP-407AP M2 M200 405AP-407AP S2 PS00 Unit Qty. I17 0GB AP-407 AP of
DEUTSCH ENG ENGLISH KONFORMITTSERKLRUNG DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY FRANAIS NL NEDERLANDS DECLARATION DE CONFORMITE CONFORMITEITSVERKLARING Nous IT ITALIANO ES ESPAOL DICHIARAZIONE DI CONFORMIT DECLARACION DE CONFORMIDAD PT PORTUGUS SV SVENSKA FRSKRAN OM VERENSSTMMELSE DECLARAO DE CONFORMIDADE as as FIN SUOMI NO NORGE VAATIMUKSENMUKAISUUSVAKUUTUS SAMSVARSERKLRING DA DANSK POL POLSKI OVERENSSTEMMELSESATTEST OWIADCZENIE ZGODNOCI EL HNIKA HU MAGYAR   MEGEGYEZSGI NYILATKOZAT Cool Cool EN EN EN EN EN EN EN 98/37/EG, 73/23/EWG, 89/336/EWG herewith repsonsibility that this with the following with the of the Directives** H. J. Unit