MCE
MCE Copyright and Warranty NM20600A-A rights The author warranty of with to this or the software. This information, which protected copyright. of this or without the of the author. The information contained this to without This the Brain Research Unit of the Laboratory University of The of the MEG exclusively to Included with the software software and Wall DBI MPEG The of the University of California the of these with the software copyright those History Software NM20600A March NM20600A-A
MCE Introduction Started. Selecting the and Selecting the head the Loading Selecting the of Predicting MEG waveforms from the to with Creating HTML and MPEG Creating HTML NM20600A-A Information. Whats and typography the the and Decreasing the computing and and BEM selection. selection Creating BEM What ROI?. What the of ROI? Selecting ROI. ROI Exporting ROIs.
Creating MCE and MEG Batch Arrow of ROI HTML Creation Creation NM20600A-A MCE
MCE Introduction Introduction Information NM20600A-A This the of MCE to graphic (MEG) L1 (L1 MNE). This information which read, and users, that appear the below. Warning: of MEG, MCE which of innitely ones. The and of the and of the used. Warning: This should with and software the specications the Release Notes of the release used. Warning: On other the the of the MCE such other using should to the displays. Warning: The MCE to the of the head coordinates. This from the recommended Warning: If the from the ones, the using known Warning: of whose together. Warning: users that to the the related to the of other users.
Introduction MCE Whats and typography References NM20600A-A This to patch and directory Batch Showing selected ROI arrow ID to the that shown Text written the user shown as input shown K. and U. Selective of the IEEE Biomed. K. M. and E. of Magnetoencephalographic
MCE Started Started the NM20600A-A To the the MCE the of the Application appears the the shown If previously should should the ton and the head The The To with the L1 MNE, should the and the MEG Select the head the the the or studying the activity of the of You the three the the the closing the
Selecting the and MCE Selecting the and the and NM20600A-A Select the MEG the of Select the from the If the selection and the the selected the the The the MEG to the increase the ratio with low-pass the [Lowpass and and of the the or the to the You the the or the with the and buttons. You the with the and to with the of the should and where there should typically the If or the otherwise includes the This of of the than, applying high-pass The to the the and tracts the
MCE Selecting the and Decreasing the computing and NM20600A-A Effect of the If the the computing and If low-pass the the smoother and to the each selecting down-sampling ratio with the and the with You the amount of down-sampling selecting the If the down-sampling too to the pass-band, the higher to the reasonable down-sampling ratio the the about the and the highest shown The down-sampling selecting of the If to the whole the interesting with the and text
Selecting the and MCE and NM20600A-A If too down-sampling applied, the reected the with the Decrease the or If of the or the and write the to the text The MEG or MEG MEG the with four or Vectorview and three the the of the the Wildcards supported. Projection (SSP). If the specied, apply to the and selecting the [Apply The updated when the Normal where the infor- mation included and the the non-projected should used. If used, the the vectors that the the distorted. or the the automatically. The following that the If used, the where the If used, the where the The the where the of the activity than of the of others. The the where the of the activity three the If the includes both and the only with the with type.
MCE Selecting the and NM20600A-A should the and then the and then that included. the selection of the slightly affects the and the tions the selection of the the the their the of to the MEG the the shown, based the location. If of the waveforms to right-click the of the and the ID shown.
Selecting the head MCE Selecting the head BEM selection NM20600A-A You the head the [Head the The head consists of the boundary (BEM) the of the and the the the the BEM selection BEM selection The boundary (BEM) the of the brain. the sphere the the BEM affects the the and the the 3D The BEM shows of existing associated with the and You existing from the and the [OK] You BEM the selection selecting the and the selection the associated the If the BEM the button. If should the the BEM the [OK] should the
MCE Selecting the head selection NM20600A-A selection The includes the locations that as the and the of the the Each related with BEM and From the existing from the and the [OK] button. this the You the and to the of the If the or the and the of If the the OK while to the from the to the BEM. You the the If people the when its users.
Selecting the head MCE Creating BEM NM20600A-A of the head coordinates) The of the the The to the sphere than this from the to instability the The the The of If MR of the boundary of the with and meshes2ff the of those (or Source of those creating the them head Warning: The MCE to the of the head coordinates. This from the recommended
MCE the the NM20600A-A the to the the You should already selected the MEG and selected the head chapters Selecting the and and Selecting the head If the of the high or might the or or their the the the The that the and the [OK] to the batch the batch The created the the The of the to the This the the background. The selects the whose and the nished, the to with where the of the and the of the selects and that. there the The which tional to If there the the the its to This the where the the the writes You the created the with the You the the and that the You You the other the UNIX the the to or the or the and the others.After the should with the Another to the to and the You the the other and the the You the the Batch tion this the automatically. The updated; instead, the shown the
Loading MCE Loading NM20600A-A If and to the the to the If selected the right and previously the with the the the should to the that the the and the with the [Select the [OK] the batch and its loaded. The previous of the the ID incorrect.
MCE Selecting the Selecting the NM20600A-A You three the the the using the the the the batch loaded. the to the activity within You the three the and the the the and with the right the the command startl1('span',tmin:tmax) where and the and milliseconds. to and milliseconds,
of MCE of What ROI? What the of ROI? NM20600A-A You the activity as function of of (ROI). ROI actually function that to the from the The smoothed function of to to the ROIs The ROI the currently selected ROI with The the the and the of the the weight Activity each location with the and The weighted shown the ROI this the If ROI selected, of the activity used. Since MEG to the of the and this informa- tion areas, the ROIs with The function this the and the of the The the of the the selected If the with the ROI, the the as the ROI. If the the You to the oriented or ROI with the otherwise
MCE of Selecting ROI ROI Exporting ROIs NM20600A-A You ROI from the Select of with the right The the active that to the selected activity and the ROI and The of the ROI the of selected selecting ROI, activity weighted with shown the ROI win- the of activity the shown the and the of the ROI shown the ROI the or Arrow showing the selected activity and the activity when the selected. Warning: of whose together. You the activity of and the ROIs You the with the ROI selected the ROI to the write the of the the and the button. If to the activity of the another the the other ton, and the from the If the of and possibly with to the other or the the [Creator] If there of ROIs the the search SQL search You the ROI to with the and commands the of the ROI The imported to
Predicting MEG waveforms MCE Predicting MEG waveforms NM20600A-A Predicted shown with The shown with yellow and the waveforms predicted with the activity of the selected ROI shown with To what of the measured with the activity the selected ROI, the predicted the of the The the the the selected ROI and shows them with the together with the from the If ROI, the waveforms updated when the dicted
MCE from the to NM20600A-A You the displays or them as the or with UNIX command The The [Print] command the the Select the type and the the option] and the [Print] The [Print] the the You the with with the option] or as (which or with the option To JPEG the option Press the then the and the
MCE with NM20600A-A The EPS the Arrow and of the of the displays the JPEG or PNG them. The GIF the command UNIX The the of the and to the with the to from the to HTML which includes the PNG
MCE Creating HTML and MPEG Creating HTML and MPEG Creating HTML NM20600A-A of created HTML You HTML with the HTML creation The include of the from selected and The PNG Network Graphics) the as the HTML with You the with typical HTML browsers, such as or Microsofts
Creating HTML and MPEG MCE Creating NM20600A-A Table created HTML MPEG right back top front upright leftback rightback You MPEG with the creation The of the from the selected tion. To smoothen the animation, each the activity If the the to the length, otherwise win- You should to the MPEG-1 with MPEG MPEG The of the University of California with the UNIX
MCE MCE and MCE and NM20600A-A of the HTML the HTML creation the HTML creation Print... the the the Colors Selects the L1 MNE this About L1 MNE the
MCE and MCE NM20600A-A The The when the and closing the the Select the of the containing the the of the selected If batch tion loaded, the text the [Head Select the head the currently selected BEM and The and text and the the the from the The the the MCE The the includes buttons [MNE options] processing] and [Batch buttons. The [MNE the MNE
MCE MCE and NM20600A-A options The and text and the of of the the If the the increase the to correctly tions. If the high, its the The usually reasonable the the of the to too The and Vectorview both and the the analyzed relation to the The fT/cm fT reasonable reason their relative the this Press the manually] and the the text If the options the the previous closed. Warning: If the from the ones, the using known The the [Preprocessing] the or when
MCE and MCE NM20600A-A The The of the shows that to the With the low-pass the with the the DC and With the down-sample the and the interesting the and and The right of the shows of the and cessed You the with the The the or to the or of the The to ration; the to chapter Selecting the and instructions using this
MCE MCE and NM20600A-A Table the The [Lowpass selects the You the or width with the text or sliders.The the and tons to the of the Units: The and the text the to the DC offset and selection of the The and the the other Units: The and or the section Decreasing the and Units: The and text the Units: The and text the the to the text with MEG [Apply If the the the to the and the MEG The the and to and The or the the selected information; and the the to and fT fT/cm the [OK] the and the
MCE and MCE MEG NM20600A-A The MEG with the of the It shows waveforms of the based location. Left-clicking the right-clicking shows the and the selected and location. The commands the to the and Commands the of the MEG selecting the shown and [Selections] selection selecting selecting grouping of the the of the waveforms
MCE MCE and NM20600A-A The The the the This to or the of whole The of typically or each the the This should to [Load] This should to [Select the to the of the or If selected, this shows the of the batch
MCE and MCE Batch NM20600A-A The batch This the of the The shows batch and their states. The to the the This the background and the to or the or and free the others. You the clicking with You and the to the then the other and the nished. the the batch the selected You of the the [Priority] the of the selected the selected the or of the selected the background the the background the
MCE MCE and NM20600A-A of the The selecting the The shows the to the of the The the of the sphere If selected, the activity the shown. You the the while holding the ton. The and with the The of the with the [Colors] You of (ROI, of the right and the active The the selected activity only. You showing the selected or activity [Selected] the or while the active. You the location of the activity selecting the
MCE and MCE Arrow NM20600A-A Arrow of the The arrow selecting [Arrow the The arrow shows the locations and tions. If selected, the activity the shown. You showing the selected or activity [Selected] the or while the active. You the the while holding the button. The arrow and and the with the The of the arrows with the [Colors]
MCE MCE and NM20600A-A The with activity The with oriented ROI The selecting the
MCE and MCE NM20600A-A The shows the activity of the selected ROI the whole You to or To the To with the right The shows the selected ROI, and the the You the X- and or the of the ROI, with the The [Option] includes the predicted which shows the measured and predicted MEG waveforms with the With the the of the X- and of the The selects or the the and the text The and The selects whether oriented or non-oriented ROIs used.
MCE MCE and NM20600A-A The The selecting the You the of the the the the where the selected the of the The the the [Relative] the where the selected the of the activity the The as of the the to the right. the and of the milliseconds arated If the completely within the of the measured the used. If batch or the the used.
MCE and MCE of NM20600A-A Things to that the Arrow and that the also, that the to the the of the than that of the the relative or should reasonable. The of The of selecting of the The currently selected of (ROI) shown this You the the while the
MCE MCE and ROI NM20600A-A The ROI The ROI selecting [ROI the The ROI interface to the of selected areas, ROIs The to search ROIs the corner. The of found ROIs the right The currently selected ROI shown the
MCE and MCE NM20600A-A ROI search the other Press this to the ROIs from other Press this to the ROIs from other users] Press this to the ROIs ated [SQL On this write SQL ROI The the right shows the ROIs matching specications. The the of the the selection based and the of the shown. Select ROI the the The ROI allows to the activity the
MCE MCE and NM20600A-A ROI Table the The of the ROI The pressed. The of the ROI the the X, Y, and shown, although the ROI selected from the The pressed. The of the ROI The of the The pressed. [Smooth selected, smooth weighting function used. unselected, used. The as the of the ROI Other Table the Press this to the ROI and or to the ROI hand. ROIs with with the X, Y, and ied. the selected ROI. You only the ROIs created yourself. the ROI the the SQL the ROI from SQL guage. to AND LIKE
MCE and MCE HTML Creation NM20600A-A The selected ROI to with the The the selected to the previously selected output The HTML Creation You the HTML Creation from the selecting OK. The the and the HTML
MCE MCE and Creation NM20600A-A the HTML Creation Select the The PNG created with the and Select the with [Color] [Black and white] Select of the shown the HTML The of the PNG The of the The HTML the to the selected [A4 [A4 The Creation or first and as or Select the the Shortcuts
MCE and MCE NM20600A-A You the Creation from the the Creation Select the Select the with length] The of integrated each the Select the of the the Table The of the from to with