ENG Assembly and operating instructions the suction Notice service NL DA NO SV FIN IT ES PT SPA D/GB/F/NL/DK/N/S/FIN/I/E/P Attention! through these instructions to and commissioning. Attention! service. instructies GB NL DK FIN
ENG Assembly and operating instructions Notice service NL DA NO SV FIN IT ES PT
The SPA suction and as as The assembly If reading these operating instructions, should further about the SPA tion please the: AG, Customer Service, D-49703 improperly to Therefore, please the below. of malfunctioning, immediately the switch the without the allow children or people to the the the on/off switch, casing or of ignition. the to The SPA suction to and and plastics) or machinery. other from to the SPA suction caused such or the himself. and technical and permitted. Product The SPA suction its these operating instructions the written of AG. supply months this products with the legal/country Please that the from the of purchase and of which as of or of covered the apparatus/the to (with or the there mediately. Assembly housing with facing or other and or to and with facing outward, with thread screw to the housing. plate with screws, washers and each of the three each screws through and and with washers and the the as shown, and with screws and that screw tight and the casters. hose to of suction hose then hose the suction below the hose to of and to with of tight around and section. and the U and their the four the of the housings At the the crosswise with and the and ENG
the the of the SPA with that of the to commissioning. The to the the H07 RN-F. The section of the least Warning! to shocks. protection the the to which the connected with (slow-blow). Static electricity The suction SPA of If the connected to electrically suction or suction these tionally earthed to of the SPA with The suction such as screws and hose completely from These the SPA protection To the there protective If the overheated or overloaded this switches off the The switched the allowed to cool If the switches off as of the protective the trying to switch the SPA to the chinery without the operation of the the suction hose to the suction of the the and to the to the Switch the and seconds the reached If the with seconds, switch the when the blown and the process. Allow the suction to least switching off the switch-on coupling to the tion with of This about the switching on/off of the suction as as the switched on/off. This switching on/off from section Maintenance/cleaning/storage The SPA However, to the the following: screw Tighten the switch or casing the or suction hose Cleaning Clean the and casing with cloth. the and on/off switch with cloth. from the that below the the below the as as about The height from the (Arrow There the plate this To the suction the suction hose the once and the of the hose the of the
Technical V/50 flow: of suction of suction Suction hose (with The below below recorded ance with the following DIN Measuring Length/diameter of suction suction Item DIN right seat hose Hose SG Transition with Round wing and F/450 On/off switch SPA with and supply cover with screw Mushroom-head Washer self-locking Washer head screw Washer head screw Saucer-head screw Thread-forming screw BS height SCHUPES BIA "G" tested. A- sound A- acoustic WA switching switching on/off of the suction once the switched off. switching ALV switching ALV V, the
CZ-25001 SLO-51113 M.R. SK-90201 EST-11415 STAMET U. HU-3508 S.C. S.R.L., RO- EB Nefro KFT, AS ITA S.A., S-30180 Ind. Tlf.: P.O. C, DK-2730 FIN-02270 PL-73110 Ind. N6, E- S.A., E-28935 S.A. Metabo A/S, OY, P-7001 A/S, AB, N-3205 UK Road, GB-SO OYT I-20097 (MI) F-617000 Domfront NL-3621 MX NL-3620 AD C AG, D-49716 Carlo S.R.L., MACHINES BOIS, B-1702 AG,