SPA Instructions Notice
TX DEUTSCH DEUTSCH Informationen GS-HO-07 "HOLZ" "HOLZ", "H2", HO7RN A. LW V, V, G,
rech- B. tes, VBG TRGS tion Ist EN Ist hintere stoff DEUTSCH
DEUTSCH Ist (SW (Torx Ist ZH
Stromart: IP WA MRL EN DEUTSCH
TX DEUTSCH ENGLISH Instructions Dear customer, thanks the that purchasing Every tested and subjected to the The service of however. Please the information these operating instructions and the accompanying The greater the with which the service to first! Conditions of instructions Preventing and assembly Initial the Connecting the hose supply 7.5Switching On and the flow the of collected the Rectifying and Repairs Protection Technical Specifications first! These operating instructions that allow to and with to these operating instructions: of these operating instructions to the to the instructions. These operating instructions people with basic technical knowledge such as the If with of this should initially the of people with with this that to them required. of purchase warranty Should or the that with The bears caused with these operating instructions. The tested the testing of the "HOLZ" (Technical testing Germany, with testing GS-HO- from the of the Employers Association), Germany, technical "HOLZ" It therefore where the "H2" of reliably The bears the of conformity with the The of the based the of and with as The to and chips from and The of the the to Reduction and as Wood-processing whose than connected to the as The and and with the cleaning connecting that and hoses and that the the hose and correct. and should used. The bears responsibility caused Generally regulations and instructions should information the the operating instructions the through. accompanying the and protection of of the text with this and should used. The should only operated people who to and who to The should cleaning and that the crushed, or The inspected of or The should the the hose type HO7RN protective when the The and should to this If the or to replaced, the type specified the used, without The should once the the location of to protective with Disconnect the to the to another location and cleaning, or when operating the extracting and the should only to the that extracted from. This the the extracting and the flow the should amount to of of the the of free of should LW supply. protected technically extracting and of and
V, They should only to protected technically extracting and of and V, They extracting (from where active They should to of From protected cleaners and or extracting that of or based G, of and The of coupling and operation. The when necessary, should should used. easily or or should extracted. It to the paintshops. Extraction wood-processing where active and expected prohibited. from of from Clean the used, of once Section that or and of once month function with VBG and with TRGS Section Preventing covered attached protective that using Other If that there of from the operating covered attached protective that The to with EN Other If that using there of shocks. with sealable of collected Other there of with the instructions Section of collected these and assembly The already assembled. the Unscrew and the that the to the the from the with from (please housing Cleaning protection) On/off switch Initial Operation The hose and located the The should as to the wood-processing as It should the the both ously The lowered. the forwards. the that the as the as and the of the creases while The should the around the that the clearly. the the both The and tight with the The the switched the The then the of the of the capacity. Connecting the hose hoses. from 1)At of the the that of the off the of hose that the from. the of such that the the of the hose (and hose the from the and with the hose the hose such that the the the to that there ENGLISH that the the hose and the supply to that the rated and as stated the rating match with supply. Switching On and the hose to the wood-processing first switch the the off switch then switch the wood-processing these actions when switching off the the flow The should the as Wood-processing with connected to the that the flow below the This the of the the the There the which with the If the of the the of the used, the cleaned. The the the of the If the exceeded, the to the If the of the or the the of the the the The shown the following of of the wood-processing flow of hose Interface and flow. The of the wood-processing the the This than the the from the wood-processing to as specified. indicated the as With the cleaning the
ENGLISH as or chips, and to and the the cleaning with of the the the the of the used. the If the of the the the cleaned. Clean the used, the should dedusted of once Switch off the wood-processing Switch off the the on/off switch the the to (otherwise cleaning the cleaning the housing If the the the cleaning and whether the the reached (top of the top If necessary, the Section whether the hose Section the suction hose too If necessary, reduce the suction hose to To and the suction hose around corners. If the the the Section of collected Wear with covering third with only of authorised locations as the reaches the the with the top of the top and with Removing the the both ously The lowered. the forwards. the the from the or the and the ground the easily using the the the the that the as the as and the of the creases while The should the around the that the clearly. the the both The and tight with the the operating the becomes with its The cleaning this this the replaced. Section The the wear with and protection. covering third with the the Clean the thoroughly once actuating the both ously The lowered. the forwards. One to the its back to reach the easily. If the its back, On the of the housing Unscrew the (WAF and the from the the screw (Torx and together with the washer Unscrew cover. cover to though the the cover and the housing the upwards and the and of with the the Apply and to hours) switch or Rectifying the the Sections the the If the flow of the reduced or altogether, the hose Wear with To the the hose and or to with the hose vertically or Beat the of the hose lightly to the the This activity without harming third The with that switches the off to and rectify the Then the to the to its The temporary reductions If the the to the supply than ohms, other the correctly this If necessary, the supply and with plate (as of Suction hose (as with ZH Universal Cleaning consists of three inspections: The following inspections should inspection to whether the or thereof Suction performance The following should monthly inspection to whether the or thereof there the functioning correctly. Suction performance The following inspections should inspection to whether the OK the or thereof
there the functioning correctly. Suction performance inspections should This clearly the of the inspection, and the of the inspector. If the should If records should of the the Repairs Repairs to the should technicians! repairs to the specified the Please of the with the Protection Worn-out and amounts of and plastics, which These operating instructions chlorine-free bleached Technical Specifications to Continuous type: 1-phase Rated performance: of protection: IP of Rated flow: Related of flow: Related of Typical A-weighted sound Sound-pressure Sound WA Wear ear protection! Sound as MRL, free field, height Measured conformity with EN The stated technical to (as specified the respective ENGLISH
TX DEUTSCH FRANAIS Notice Cher Tous stricts Service influence informations service Insertion Protection toute type toute fournie toute toute GS-HO-07 Syndicat D-53757 "HOLZ" "BOIS"). Service "HOLZ", D-50969 bois, "H2", bois bois buse fin tous protection tout type HO7RN protection action A. toute bois.
CRA V, V, bois) rouge VBG TRGS Tous protection Tous protection EN protection d'inhalation fournis protection. Sortir (protection surcharge) marche/arrt blocage service fournis bois. Insertion FRANAIS service, bout bout service, Marche/arrt Tout bouton marche/arrt bois. tombe fonction rouge rouge rouge.
FRANAIS tableau bois. Interface bois fin buse fin rouge bois. bouton marche/arrt Actionner rouge section Sortir protection coucher Torx Sortir Sortir tout rouge protection surcharge appuyer bouton protection surcharge
instruction ZH fin inspections L'inspection fonction Protection blanchi FRANAIS Sous Absorption Tension Consommation protection IP assortie assortie A) WA MRL EN
TX DEUTSCH NEDERLANDS ons informatie of GS-HO-07 "HOUT" "HOLZ", houtstof, "H2", houtstof houtspanen houtstof houtstof of type HO7RN of wandcontactdoos A. of
LW type V, type V, of G, of of of VBG TRGS functioneren EN Stof stof compleet NEDERLANDS of
NEDERLANDS houtstof of of of of stof stof stof (SW (Torx of of of stof
ZH inspecties: inspectie of of of of of of of of of of of inspectie, Defecte NEDERLANDS IP WA MRL EN
TX DEUTSCH ITALIANO Indice fornite GS-HO-07 "HOLZ" "LEGNO", "H2", (anche offerte (anche assicurarsi Occorre o Non HO7RN o A. o
LW o V, o V, Non o G, Non Non Non o o VBG TRGS EN ITALIANO Assicurarsi Assicurarsi aree
ITALIANO anche anche anche Non (SW (Torx ore) o o
Non N N Tubo ZH N N N N o o o che! plastiche Ci fase IP A: WA EN ITALIANO
TX DEUTSCH ESPAOL usted usted ofrecemos usted informar Conserve o GS-HO-07 (HVBG), ("HOLZ"). "H2", ofrece reductoras Con tobera Conserve o HO7RN o A. o
LW V, V, o o No chispas! o VBG TRGS EN ESPAOL red, o
ESPAOL Con tobera o EL (ancho tornillo (Torx reduce o o o
respect. ZH o o o fase red: IP A: WA MRL EN ESPAOL
TX DEUTSCH SVENSKA Reparationer information GS-HO-07 D-53757 "HOLZ" "HOLZ" D-50969 "H2", torrt torra HO7RN A- LW stoff torrt) V, stoff torrt) V, G,
VBG TRGS bort, EN bort, bort P/AV P/ AV SVENSKA P/ AV
SVENSKA fint bort (SW (Torx bort bort O, ZH OK Reparation reparation. IP WA MRL EN
TX DEUTSCH Innhold bort GS-HO-07 D-53757 D-50969 "H2", NORSK HO7RN romlufting V, V,
NORSK stoffer stoffer G" VBG TRGS EN To isoleres AV/P-
AV/P- (SW (Torx NORSK ZH
NORSK 1-fase IP WA MRL EN
TX DEUTSCH informationerne Indhold Reparationer information "HOLZ" D-50969 GS-HO-07 D-53757 "HOLZ". "H2" DANSK HO7RN service,
DANSK V, V, stoffer NB! NB: VBG TRGS EN hermed
(SW (Torx forin- DANSK ZH service
DANSK Reparation Reparationer reparation recyclingproces. IP Tomgangshastighed: WA MD EN