Instruction DH UP WN DO
Great Please the warranty to of purchase! You only to warranty of purchase. Please back cover near- D-22417
to know Carrying thicknesser and thickness Screw On/off switch Cutterblock cover DH 1Great UP WN DO the planer/thicknesser: Infeed supplied: Mounting fixing the and DO WN UP
Read first these instructions to the information. If while immediately. the of the to collecting these instructions reference about. If or this to the instructions with information of This thickness of The technical tions). other as specified. as specified, to the or of tested and the information the basic the of to the of fire shock as as Please which to serious It therefore recommended follow the information below, and know and follow the to the of The and ted with the tion of and of the associated with the operation of such the of this the of their tional the of The following with and employing completely the of the and through the You therefore that of the or the together with the while the operation. wear that caught and the clothes with of caught the and the only with If inspect the of such as or screws. both of the firm footing, and within its and as specified. of touching the to the Switch the off when of with the Wear when the or surroundings. the or overloading the the within its stated city the as fied. of the each the that the the with ON/OFF switch. DH
(A) The thrown back the the rotating The cover (B) The cover that the of the touched from the top. While the and the the cover of the cover DH On/off switch To switch ON switch To switch OFF switch UP WN DO relay the of to restarting of the when the restored. To the the relay The planer/thicknesser build-in tection (arrow). This the the becomes too To the planer/thicknesser: If necessary, cool the switch and With the and the thick- thickness thicknessing) of to thickness UP WN DO
Installation and Fixing the To the from tions or from to screwed to or four the screws through from the top and from below with washers and If the planer/thicknesser to screw the to of ply- This should the base. that the from the of the ply- At the workplace, the with to or of the and crank crank the and with screw. of of from and ash) when inhaled. to the when without only amounts of (with and with UP WN DO If there build- the housing, the These rough Therefore the to regularly. the cover! Unscrew both screws and the cover from the instead of the cover and with screws. the suction to DH
Assembling the The to the with the to both each of the to each of the only. matching the following "technical specifications"): protection ated (RCD) of properly earthed and tested; supply with the and Protect from heat, and only of cross-section. supply to the with assembled, the DH Operation the following operation On/off switch; lock; cover; protection hearing protection; front of the the infeed to the the type of to from (feeding that the (accessory); to smoothly through the Apply thin of to of both infeed and outfeed from the of the (feeding to feed the of the and the immediately. of caught the wear clothing, or which caught rotating with
The This capacity, however, with with the there of overloading the machine.It to the the thick- ness. height both infeed and outfeed thickness with the crank. of the thickness with the switch the The automatically. straight through the DH UP WN DO of reach with the while from the outfeed when the that from the infeed Switch the off, further to immediately and to servicing: Switch OFF. the to that each service. of only with tested and the and other than this section should only specialists. of infeed and outfeed both infeed and outfeed straight board, or straight both infeed and outfeed The board straight both and the Infeed and outfeed correctly of board/ straight and thicknesser UP WN DO
To infeed and outfeed and the each backstop screws (arrow) as required. noticeable reduced performance; increased of of the of the Wear when To the outfeed the Unscrew and the respectively. Turn the top. Unscrew the screws. The when the screws DH both and Clean of and cleaning to resin) that the light the of the as illustrated. fresh as trated.
Please The both If the it to the knife. only specifications) incor- rectly or or greatly increase the of respectively. that both or reversed. only To the exactly, the the as trated, then the screws: To of the with the screw the then the screws to the Release screws wrench. the screws the and from the and the respectively. and Worn noticeable of the Interference of and TV reception when the of the To or the brushes: Unscrew the the housing with screw The shows the of the front The located the DH and Each least back the The tongues the of the plate the of the Screw the back function of the cleaning and both infeed and outfeed Unscrew and the cover. with from: and and the cover. Apply light of to the and Apply light of to both infeed and the that unauthorized and that the or
both infeed and outfeed around the Service of Threaded of and (when without Infeed and outfeed Apply thin of Monthly Threaded of and of Check, and outfeed supply of Check, necessary Troubleshooting carrying service or Switch OFF. that each service. relay temporary supply outlet and DH to and Switch overheated, build-up the cover hes. with fresh with fresh chips. chips too with fresh chips. chips with the the Too with Clean fouled and slightly. and outfeed viced. Too with overheating, then the and the Planed too rough Planed cracked too
Technical protection capacity Cutterblock thickness height (thicknesser (thicknesser to DIN A-sound (A) A-sound WA (A) DH L1 PE SB C o FR 9A
DH Item Chain with screws with assembly, and
Item wheel and and right protection DH Item Switch switch
D-49703 EC conformity CEE CE CE that the of the Nous type o DH with the following regulations as EC CEE EF EG EF CE Directiva CE 89/392/EWG 93/68/EWG CEE CE Directiva CE 89/336/EWG harmonized EN EN EN D/GB/F/NL/DK/S/N/SF/I/E/P Directive CEE basse CE Directiva CE 73/23/EWG 93/68/EWG Technical Director
N.V.S.A. B-1730 AG D-49716 DK-9220 OE S.A. E-43830 J. F-67190 OY FIN-02270 DH GB The GB-SO51 9AQ AG D-49716 A/S Sophus N-3252 NL-1704 RT S. A. P-4408 AB S-30180 Great