BAS 316G DNB BAS 316G WNB Instruction Instructions
DEUTSCH ENG ENGLISH KONFORMITTSERKLRUNG DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY FRANAIS NL NEDERLANDS DECLARATION DE CONFORMITE CONFORMITEITSVERKLARING Nous type IT ITALIANO ES ESPAOL DICHIARAZIONE DI CONFORMIT DECLARACION DE CONFORMIDAD CE PT PORTUGUS SV SVENSKA FRSKRAN OM VERENSSTMMELSE DECLARAO DE CONFORMIDADE as as CE FIN SUOMI NO NORGE VAATIMUKSENMUKAISUUSVAKUUTUS SAMSVARSERKLRING DA DANSK POL POLSKI OVERENSSTEMMELSESATTEST OWIADCZENIE ZGODNOCI EF- EL HNIKA HU MAGYAR   MEGEGYEZSGI NYILATKOZAT *EN DIN VDE EN EN EN EN DIN EN 98/37/EG, 89/336/EWG, 73/23/EWG, 93/68/EWG D-51105 herewith repsonsibility that this with the following with the of the Directives** EC type examination conducted CE UE BAS BM Unit
Instruction ENGLISH housing wheel Chip Rip housing On/Off switch with Rear tracking Table ENGLISH
ENGLISH of Please first! of information features Transporting the Initial operation Mounting Rip installation...................20 of the switch/plug..............20 and Table and tricks...........................24 Repairs.......................................25 protection.........25 Trouble shooting.......................25 Technical specifications...........25 Please first! These instructions written which learning of to should these tions: these instructions to the information. These instructions technical knowledge of the of such as the If whatsoever, strongly to the of with this reference. of purchase of warranty If or this to with The from of these operating tions. Information these instructions as consecutively numbered; to the number(s) the neighbouring Instructions to numbered. Instructions which of This plastics, or round to its without or The rotating the of or of shock! of shock. of or clothing caught. of Additional information. thin firm other as specified. The caused of the or of the informa- tion this the instructions, to the of or Please the instructions the respective Where follow the or the of to the of invites what to with reason. while the of or tion. lighted. firm footing and or The and operated with and who of the ated with the operation of such years of age this only the of their the of of the other to the or while within the performance of shock! to or
with earthed such as cooking when operating this the of the without guards. to the feeding necessary. suf- to when operating this the to to from the of that allow and holding while cutting. to the the its from supply servicing. that when switching servicing) or or the the used. Cutting with the Wear when such that of caught the and thrown the thin or thin-walled with fine-toothed If inclusion of or screws). of that allow and while the and containing of caught the round to the from that of the or clothing caught and rotating clothes; with containing the following cords wires. insuffi- protection Wear hearing protection. Wear Wear Wear clothes. wearing of recommended. of of ash) when inhaled: only with connected to the The comply with the stated the technical specifications. to that as as the the the tion of the or of tested and the with these instructions. only the This Technical specifications Technical specifications and the instructions. operating the protective or slightly to tion as specified. Check to that properly and rectly and tions the ation of the tool. protection or repaired or switches service the switch ON or OFF. free of and grease. The protects with the and from about. the to protection with the as as the The protects with the closing the housing the the The operation. Housing The housing with the rotating the To or the housing the with screwdriver. The housing with catch The catch the closing of the housing without the ENGLISH
ENGLISH Both housing closed while the The wear-free the illustrated) the to within seconds the turned OFF. If the to the ON/OFF switch and to without features with bearings. Chip of chips. height. and accuracy. the to its this chapter the of the duced. The of the chapter Operation. this chapter the the first On/Off switch with To switch To switch or cover of the ON/OFF switch. the of relay This the from when the restored. To the switch pressed. The cover of the ON/OFF switch With the the corrected, necessary: Turning the clockwise increases the Turning the counter- clockwise reduces the tracking With the the of the wheel necessary. This tracking to the the of the turning clockwise to the Turning counter-clockwise to the front. the the operated Technical specifications): plastics and non-ferrous (with of The this the With the the corrected, necessary: turning the clockwise the turning the counter- clockwise increases the the locking screw the through the
Rip The to the front. The both of the Initial the the the the and the checked; the switch/plug the checked. the to the supply of the tions completed! there of of the which Mounting firm the mounted four the fixing through the plate and with height and the (optional accessory), which already mounting the screw to the of the the and the the with four each screws and washers to the The to laterally, the to through the right to the the four screws that the that the through the of the Tighten the four screws the right to the Operation). Initial operation). locking screw the right to the and the locking screw locking and screw touches the housing. locking ENGLISH
ENGLISH the with four each screws and washers to the The both of the the using each pan-head screws, each washers and each to the the assembled with each pan-head screw, washer and wing to the the turn. Turn the screw as to the the Tighten both Affix the the that the of the the the tion of of and when inhaled: when the tion without to with If which to or with to the Too the to the to and the to Operation). with fin- and the of the The should than Correct necessary: turning the counter-clockwise increases the turning the counter-clockwise reduces the of the switch/plug bushing the the the switch/plug with screws to the High the surroundings only. the matching the following Technical specifications): protection operated (RCD) of outlets properly earthed and tested; Three-phase with with Electricity or whether house service the
supply with the and Protect supply from heat, and of suf- section. to the of tion (3-phase only): phase the the This the tossed when to Therefore, of every to the supply. If the of incorrect, the the assembled and to the supply. and turn OFF immediately the tion of rotation: the from the top wards. If the the correction, the supply the the Operation To reduce the of as as the should when operating the protection hearing protection; only the the the to the the its If the type of the following: which would otherwise off the of the when round to from turn- firm when thin to that the following and immediately. (the the the and of caught the trolled. wear clothing, or which caught and wound with to which cords, and attached or which such The height of the to to every operation, to the height of the (the should the of or of the the and switch OFF. the to locking screw the the locking screw the housing turning the crank clockwise. the to the the wheel and to the pulley. The both front or both the front high rear high Tighten the turning the crank counter-clockwise (half- the the should the housing Information to the found the the of the housing ENGLISH
ENGLISH Choose and the type of to with only; with also. the If necessary, the and the type of to the of to the the Switch off further to immediately and to servicing: switch OFF. the to that each service. of only with tested and the and other than this section should of injury, with the Wear when Technical specifications). the four screws and the both housing to its lowest the To the through the the the the the cover the hous- and the fresh the the front of the the of the off the both housing Then: operation). and and least and If the the of the the tracking to corrected the of the wheel: locking Turn Turn clockwise the the front of the Turn counter- clockwise the the of the Tighten locking The consists of: thrust the from the rear), bearings to every and/or the necessary both the Turn the ratchet to the thrust easily the of arrows.
screws of that the the tooth screws screws Press together the Turn the clockwise to the both screws thrust it touches the Tighten the ratchet The consists of: thrust the from the rear), These to every and/or the four screws and the the from the should the screw the thrust bearing back and forth eas- ily. screw of that the the tooth Tighten screw screws with wrench. Press together the Turn the clockwise to the both should the Tighten screws ENGLISH
ENGLISH thrust touches the Tighten screw the the the the and with screwdriver, then off the Mount and the Table The when its become or from from Cleaning the housing the and and with or from: of the housing; operating catch and the back that unauthor- and The ON/OFF switch guarded or and of the clean resin with cleaning and (optional sory). apply light of the following back cover height. tion. induction teeth, A6, of C induction teeth, A6, of induction teeth, A6, of induction teeth, A2, non-ferrous finishing of of Circle of to when with the Precision and service life. to to health and to the clean. WAXILIT the and to resin and
Repairs Repairs to only! of to the service of country. to the the Please of the to the protection The recycled. Worn and amounts of and which These instructions with free bleaching process. Trouble shooting carrying service or switch OFF. the to to that each relay tripped switch and overheated, or build-up the hous- overheating, cool then and the Incorrect phase phase the switch/plug Initial operation). coasting s) ON/OFF switch off the of or off the the tracking and Incorrect Initial operation). too high: reduce (reduced feed Incorrect and warped too high: the mounting: properly to Initial operation). and mount screws, necessary. connected or suction or increase suction thin thick ENGLISH
ENGLISH Technical specifications BAS 316G DNB BAS 316G WNB Capacity input P1 effective P2 protection or or Protection IP IP Rated High ratio ratio throat capacity thickness height A-sound (A) A-sound WA (A) A-sound (A) A-sound WA (A) Application Tooth A6 A4 A6 Non-ferrous A2
C
U4BA_EB3.fm ZINDEL