Instructions ENG Instructions service NO FIN SV TF ENG/F/NO/FIN/SV Attention! through these instructions to and commissioning. Attention! service. SV ENG NO FIN
Specifications Responsibility Optional Assembly Commissioning 1-Phase 3-Phase Direction Rotation Switch Protection Release Collection Collector Information Application Specifications TF WN TF DN top height from Table Table outlet height Spacing input S6 S6 S6 S6 The shown below established to: DIN The A-sound (L WA rounded to TF operating A-sound A-sound WA TF operating A-sound A-sound WA Responsibility This conformity with the the instructions provided. This Defective (including should used. that plainly worn, or should immediately. Should such or become necessary, it recommended that such repairs or its Dimensions/Cutting Definitions Mounting Height Plate Moulding Strips Moulding Boards Tenons Work ENG
This or of its should or from specifications. The of this the responsibility malfunction which from or from specifications, or other than or its the right to specifications and without and without incurring obligation of to as or optional Spacing Optional Table TF TF Moulding Assembly with the the each head screw self-locking and screw and and with screw. This TF anchored to the anchored to the while operation. anchoring, anchoring or anchors plates SUVA Instructions Screw both the bore of the
Commissioning 1-Phase This connected to earthed outlet and operated (RCD) of capacity. 230V Protect with supply section of required. 3-Phase (L1-L2-L3-N-Earth) required. with the 16A CEE type to earthed with (RCD) of capacity. 400V Protect with supply section of required. Direction Rotation with the of factory On with three-phase the of rotation to the supply. The when from the top, counter-clockwise. To the of of the leads and/or the yellow-green earth to of the conducting leads. With of there of of phases Switch This actuating the push-button and actuating the Protection of the build-in protection relay switches the off. cool off Release The switch with release switch) to It the connected to the supply the switch the of the to switching ON Collection This to The of or classified as cancer-causing. The this to connected to flow of the The Collector The of the when the switched and switch-off the switched off.
Information follow the instructions this only or the Follow the instructions with the the of than specified this with or than specified this from servicing. the to plates and to as the hand. feed and other with pushstick or pushblock. Select section of this the age of should this know to switch off the wear protection. shorter than this feeding than with (optional accessory) or to them from off the The boards) should Application The TF moulding of and/or products, or board, boards and or laminated/faced with plastics. Moulding (optional accessory) firm should only with attached to or both of the Moulding of with this operations with this Dimensions/Cutting to reduce the of the of the than Moulding the lowest of This with brushes, and of the of of the At both moulding and the pushblock to the It should from thick pushstick to which the with the the high of back and used.
(or the the plates to firm and Retracting the with the through the Strips shorter than feeding moulding. Definitions Spacing Mounting mounting or recommended to the from the The the rough height positioning the the as required. Starting switch plates of rotation) and top right to the thread. Then screw the
the and the the cover to the ratchet and tic access. the of the top Height If the partially and to lowered below the the the Switch off and to Plate the (B) to both (A) to tion the the or backwards. turning the the Turn clockwise to counter-clockwise to height the Switch off and to
C (C) and with (E) the (D). the Switch off and to This TF operated with reduced and feed, BG-TEST or should to moulding operation. that warped, or otherwise its the and/or the Moulding Strips Mount as section as section and as sections and Moulding Boards Mount as section as section and as sections and feed with pushstick the than as section to the and the with steady motion the rotating the as section pushblock to the when the and the with steady motion the rotating
Tenons Tenons and with the and the TF as optional accessory. To the and another the and with the arm. the as as to cover the the plates the tool. Work to the instructions and as from servicing. of unintentionally. with of Clean and plates regularly, resin-free. and with steady motion the the completed the back to its the as required. the and the backstop, then the the rotating
U.K. to Instructions TF Please the following information associated with this U.K. Legislation and of industrially within the U.K. this the of: Regulations and of Work Regulations strongly and follow these regulations. Section 1-Phase Although the with this 13A the high of which 13A to If this to the connected to 16A matching the used. This should If the to the with the to or replaced, the conductors with the following Three-phase with 3-phase connected to using to VDE 0623/BS 4343/IEC Yellow/green Earth Phase (L1) Black Phase (L2) Phase (L3) Earth Phase (L1) Black Phase (L2) Black Phase (L3) Instructions Warning: This earthed! Yellow/green Earth IN DOUBT CONSULT QUALIFIED ELECTRICIAN
Table option service Protection marche TF M/2,2 WN TF M/2,8 DN S6- S6- S6-100% S6-100% Tension service AC 1~230V/50 AC V/50 DIN (L WA TF marche WA TF charge WA rotation Instructions Conditions massif
service toute conserver Notice option Rallonge Chariot boulons M6 hexagonales) Attention! TF
service fiche protection VDE V/50 protection action section fiche CEE A. L1 L2 L3 PE V/50 protection action section V, (400V rotation, protection Attention! rotation. Actionner marche rouge Protection surcharge surcharge section marche
instructions service. BG. instructions service respectives tous option) tombent TF bout, chariot option. option. On On rotation bout option.
Un Table Blocage rotation),
protection Attention! hors (A), On Rotation Rotation (B), protection Attention!
C (C), Attention! Instructions TF BG. Conditions massif" On On toute Attention! -D-. marche -E-. Attention! marche
On bout chariot option. toute marche toutes marche. marche,
TF WN TF DN S6 S6 S6 S6 DIN (L WA TF PA WA TF PA WA Fresing Fresing Fresing Fresing NO
TF TF fast. OBS! TF to
230V/ A. -L1 -L2 -L3 -N -PE, V/50 trefase-motor to OBS! lufthastighet .
TF sponplater, fiberplater Fresing to
to
OBS! to (A), to (B), fast OBS!
C (C). (D). OBS! TF -BG-TEST- Fresing Fresing plater OBS! (E). OBS!
Fresing Tapper tappfresing Fresing
AC-1 AC-3 TF M/2,2 WN TF M/2,8 DN S6 S6 S6 S6 AC V/50 AC V/50 DIN (L WA TF WA TF WA FIN
M6 TF
AC-1 VDE AC-3 -L1 -L2 -L3 -N -PE
TF
(A) (B)
C (C) TF BG- Irrota
TF M/2,2 WN TF M/2,8 DN Reducerringar S6- S6- S6-100% S6-100% AC 1~230V/50 AC V/50 DIN (L WA TF WA TF WA Service SV
reparationerna reparationer! Specialbroschyr M6 TF
VDE V/50 A. -L1 -L2 -L3 -N -PE V/50 serviceman. lufthastigheten .
Ungdom TF reducera o
bortmontering bort
bortmontering bort fast
bort bort fast. (A) (B)
C (C) reduceras -E- -D-. TF BG-TEST- torserat bort
Service service- harts. placering