Instruction Instructions PK
Great Please the warranty to of purchase! You to warranty of purchase. Please back cover near- SVP, d'achat!
of with with feeding with foot Connector suction hose PK 2Great
and Riving with feeding with of On/off switch with PK
Please first! these instructions commissioning. to the information. If while immediately. the of the Bring to collecting these instructions reference about. If or this to the instructions to with information of This and of faced board, board, wood-core and round without as the rotating turn the other to as specified and allowed. caused covered the of the or of tested and the information Follow the basic the tion of to the of fire shock as as Please which to serious It therefore follow the information below, and and follow the regulations to the of The and operated with and who of the associated with the of such years of age this the of tor the of their PK The following with and employing completely nated: of touching the to the when firm footing, and of touching the the the the Wear when offs the clean. of caught the the or the clean. If inclusion of of caught the and thrown the ator): with properly knife. and the or light- the or to other the of the overloading: within its and as specified. the switching ON to that or the with ON/OFF switch. and free of and grease.
shown the of the following to or instructions. reach the Wear hearing protection. PK and round with holding otherwise off the bore of Riving The the from caught the of the and thrown the operation. The protects with the and from about. operation. The as of the right and protects with the and the to hand, sheath the housing.
On/off switch with To switch ON To switch OFF or cover of off switch. relay the of to restarting of the when the restored. To the the To unauthorized the switch with The and The of motion the of the of the PK The with ratchet There the If the swivelling the shifted: and the of The of turning the To the height the to the
The the from the right- and the front. The repositioned the wing (as shown): thin when the thick The of the or the It the with the ratchet arrow). the through both To arrow). PK Assembly and of foot each of the four the with the corner). Turn and the the corners of the housing. with each head screw serrated washer; washer; its screws four to of from and ash) when inhaled. to suction of without to with If connected and the These to of operation. the and the
from casing Turn the hous- suction to chipcase with head screw washer serrated washer If using to the suction from to knife. The of the should If using the with the tor as PK Screw screw of the and Screw screw of the screws screw bushing and washer to screw and screw the ratchet washer screw and screw screws the and the screws threaded though the washer to each of the screws and screw screw the of the and the as illustrated. Screw plates to as illustrated.
only. match- the following specifications"): protection ated (RCD) of properly grounded; 3-phase with lead. supply with the and Protect supply from heat, and only of cross-section. supply to of of rotation! with three-phase phase that the the tion. This to the thrown about when attempting to of rotation to another or With of the phase the the assembled, with and to the supply. and switch off immediately. Watch the of from the of the It clock- If the counter-clockwise, supply from the switch/plug. With screwdriver the phase and turn the phase the the following operation switch; knife; protection hearing protection; front of the the to the to the of the of If with the should the type of (accessory) with or otherwise would off the (accessory); without of tooth caught the the of the the of wear clothing, or that caught with PK
Rip with and than Reposition (as shown) thin and with High thick of cut.The should to the and Switch off further to immediately PK and to servicing: Switch OFF. the to that each service. of only with tested and the and other than this section specialists. of the teeth. Wear when the screws of the section. section and off. slightly and to the The cover the of the and
To the the and with (L.H. thread!). outer and off the Clean of and cleaning resin that the light of the the of the would affected. fresh of rotation). The of the only Technical specifications) when using or from the force. of high (HSS); with cut-off wheel Mount only using PK reducing the to mounted such that they or of and operation. outer The the of the outer Screw with the facing the the (L.H. thread!). Tighten with the supplied. the wrench. the wrench. the to the cover back the closed tion and tighten screws. section. The exactly with the The the and the than from the top with This then counter the of the the screws of the section. section and cover slightly and to the The the of the and Tighten each the each other. The operation of the as this would mechanical twisting and
Turn and its the the turn. back its turning the Turn and its Tighten both the its cover back the closed tion and screws. section. The the and the It than when with the than to to To and Turn Unscrew cover plate from arrows). PK housing with If the the four screws holding the turn. the mounted The turning the housing as Turning housing clockwise Turning housing counter-clockwise the fixing screws crosswise. Screw cover back to Riving The of the and to correctly operation. to match the exactly with the tions: the to the to the or right to the The the and the should
off. the screws of the section. cover slightly and to the The cover the of the and turn. Tighten offset Riving and exactly The to every of the Turn screws (arrow) clockwise to the right. Turn screws (arrow) counter-clockwise to the cover back the closed tion and screws. section. PK and the with the of If the exactly match the completely, and its screws both front and of the tion when the To the of the backstop, to accordingly. of the the front, necessary. The to to the and thickness of the the right-hand of the and The of the should directly the of the (arrow). If fixing screw and fixing screw and
Universal with If necessary, fixing screws and fixing screws. Cleaning the its and with or from from completely tion. that unauthorized and The on/off buttons with or without protection. PK Service Chip (when operated without tion) and Riving Clean threaded and swivel Every hours of operation (R screwed Check, tions screws). switching ON chips. Monthly with or apply light of to
Troubleshooting carrying service or Switch OFF. to to that each service. relay Switch tripped supply and overheated, too high build-up housing. of (three-phase only) supply phases Assembly and of performance (possibly PK overheating, then section
Technical Rated protection Protection IP IP input S6 S6 S6 S6 (outer) bore of height (with off Sound (A) Sound WA (A) tion, Sound AL (A) Sound WA (A) with extraordinary smooth board with faced sheets PK Application Three-phase 2NL ATB 2NL ATB 2NL ATB
Three-phase PK
D-49703 EC conformity CEE CE CE that the of the Nous type o PK WNB PK DNB with the following as EC CEE EF EF CE Directiva CE 89/392/EWG CEE CE Directiva CE 89/336/EWG harmonized DIN VDE DIN EN DIN EN ISO DIN EN ISO The type the following location Lhomologation loffice officile institut institution D-51101 of the EC type CEE CE CE o BM D/GB/F/NL/DK/S/N/SF/I/E/P Directive CEE basse CE Directiva CE 73/23/EWG Technical Director
N.V.S.A. B-1730 AG D-49716 DK-9220 OE S.A. Coicoechea E-08960 J. F-67190 OY FIN-02270 PK A0017RL D/GB/F The GB-SO51 9AQ AG D-49716 A/S Sophus N-3252 NL-1704 RT S. A. P-4408 AB S-30180 Great