TKHS C Instruction Instructions
DEUTSCH ENG ENGLISH KONFORMITTSERKLRUNG DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY EG FRANAIS NL NEDERLANDS DECLARATION DE CONFORMITE CONFORMITEITSVERKLARING Nous type IT ITALIANO ES ESPAOL DICHIARAZIONE DI CONFORMIT DECLARACION DE CONFORMIDAD CE PT PORTUGUS SV SVENSKA FRSKRAN OM VERENSSTMMELSE DECLARAO DE CONFORMIDADE as as CE FIN SUOMI NO NORGE VAATIMUKSENMUKAISUUSVAKUUTUS SAMSVARSERKLRING EY- DA DANSK POL POLSKI OVERENSSTEMMELSESATTEST OWIADCZENIE ZGODNOCI EF- EL HNIKA HU MAGYAR   MEGEGYEZSGI NYILATKOZAT *EN EN EN EN EN DIN EN 98/37/EG, 89/336/EWG, 73/23/EWG, 93/68/EWG TV Product Service, herewith repsonsibility that this with the following with the regulations of the Directives** EC type examination conducted CE UE TKHS C WNB DNB M6 Unit
DEUTSCH Motor, DEUTSCH
DEUTSCH
Tricks.......................12 Informationen Text. Informationen. DEUTSCH
DEUTSCH
Strom DEUTSCH
DEUTSCH tion. tion. M6 M6
M6 M6 M6 M6 M6 M6 DEUTSCH
DEUTSCH M6 M6 M6 M6 M6 M6 FI-
frontal DEUTSCH
DEUTSCH Tricks
DEUTSCH (HSS HS); C HW CV CV HM RS RS RS recyclingfhig.
DEUTSCH IP IP ISO ISO C hat TKHS C TKHS C DNB WNB S6 S6 S6 S6 (A) (A) (A) (A)
Instruction ENGLISH of Suction hose Hose Universal with switch, knife, suction Rip Screw as Stanchion, Stanchion, Wrench Wrench feeding instructions and ENGLISH
ENGLISH Suction hose as front) or hand of the Accessory feeding and height from ON/OFF switch Accessory wrenches of steplessly from through top
of of overview.....................16 Please first!.......................17 instructions of instructions the features..........19 Assembly...................................20 Operation...................................22 the of the with the with the and tricks and Cleaning the height Repairs.......................................25 Transportation Protection........25 Trouble Shooting......................25 Technical specifications Please first! These instructions written which learning of to should these tions: instructions to the infor- mation. These instructions technical knowledge of the of such as the If whatsoever, strongly to the of with this reference. of purchase of warranty If or this to these instructions with The from of these operating tions. Information these instructions as consecutively numbered; to the number(s) the neighbouring Instructions to numbered. Instructions which indicated indicated instructions of This to and faced boards, board and wood-core sheets, and round without or The rotating the other to as specified and allowed. The caused of the or of the of or of shock! of shock. of or clothing the rotating of Additional information. tions this the instructions, to the of or Please the instructions the chapters. Where follow the or regulations the of to the of invites what to with reason. while the of or tion. lighted. firm footing and when the or The and operated with and who of the ated with the operation of such years of age this only the of their the of of the other to the or while within the performance "Technical of shock! to or with earthed such as cooking when operating this the of and crushing the without guards. ENGLISH
ENGLISH to the feeding necessary. to when the operating the to to removing offs, from the to the the its the disconnected from servicing. that when switching servicing) or or the Turn off the used. Cutting with the Wear when such that of caught the and thrown the with properly knife. the the thin or thin-walled with fine-toothed If inclusion of or screws). of that allow and holding while cutting. the and containing of caught the cutoffs, from the when the C that of the or clothing caught and rotating clothes; with to which cords, or wires, or to which of the attached. protection Wear hearing protection. Wear Wear Wear clothes. wearing of recommended. of of ash) when Work with attached to the The with the stated the technical specifications. that as as the the the tion of the or of tested and the with these instructions. only the This "Technical ifications" "Technical specifications" and the instructions. operating the protective or slightly to tion as specified. to that properly and rectly and tions the ation of the protection or repaired or switches service the switch turned ON or OFF. free of and grease. of Wear hearing protection. the the the of the causing the Information the "Technical specifications") of This to the EC as Declaration of Conformity of Riving The the from caught the of the and thrown the the operation. The protects with the and from about. operation.
The as of the hand and protects with the the the and than the of the the used, to the the To to board. the of features Steplessly from to Stepless of to relay the from when operating located the front. high load-bearing capacity and manently protected ON/OFF switch To switch To switch the of relay activated. This the of the when the restored. To the switch actuated. The and To the of from when of the front and of the height The height turning the crank The with which as or To as the the the of the The with the function. with the The of the least to the of Rip To as the the the front of the the with the and function. with the tight- attaching the the the and shifted: ENGLISH
ENGLISH thin when the thick Assembly of the or the of tested and the to operation! the with these tions. only the as follow the instructions exactly the to the and operated. If the following the assembly the instructions each the each assembly wrenches assembly Item Qty. head screw M6 Washer M6 Hose Stanchion, Stanchion, facing and the To to the or the should sawhorses. Attaching the four to the of the corners: head screws with washers through from the from the washers and screw At the location indicated arrow the hose with the to the rear, to the the the front and the of the the the and each other; head screws with washers through from the from the washers and screw Screwing the with each other: head screws with washers through from the top from the and screw With the of another the and Tighten head screws and of the ON/OFF switch Item Qty. head screw M6 Washer M6 the of the switch and the switch plate from the to the of the head screws with washers through from the from washers and screw the and the Item Qty. Suction hose the of the suction hose the suction other of the suction hose to the the chipcase. the suction hose the hose the the to chapter "Operation").
Item Qty. head screw M6 Washer M6 each head screws with the heads locations: the front of the the of the of the that the countersinking of the the head screws of the each washer from the head screw, then with Rear Item Qty. head screw M6 Washer M6 the both and to as as they screwed to with head screws four washers and the with each head screw washers and to the The sharply offset of the attaches to the the other to the both to the the of the using each head screw washers and The top of the and with the top. to the of the as illustrated. Item Qty. head screw M6 Washer M6 The wheel attaches to the of the Through each of the wheel head screws with washers from the rear. From washers and screw of that the the when the four Item Qty. head screw M6 Washer M6 The to the front of the From the front through each head screws with washers fitted. such that the From each and screw ENGLISH
ENGLISH Accessory Item Qty. M6 Screw M6 Washer assembly screw the of the front to as accessory Turn each about the thread of the screw washer the screw through the the and with each washer and Tightening the screwed screwed of the screwed nections hand-tight with High this roundings only. the the follow- specifications"): outlets properly earthed, and tested. and to the and shown the rating protection operated (RCD) of the (house service with or whether house service these supply with the and Protect from heat, and with cross-section "Technical specifications"). supply to the firm, there to upright the to the the assembled and the bore the and the with the and to the Operation of injury! This operated Other to the the of feeding or to that the following and ON/OFF switch feeding and protection hearing protection; operating the front of the front of the to the of the of when with the other to the If the type of the following: otherwise would off the typical to the the its of the the and of the and containing of caught the C to which cords, or wires or which such of ash) when inhaled. when The the following hoses the of the of of s. The located the assembly and the the operating instructions as without operation to of with the of of the or the caught the the of with the The height to the the height of the the with its front the
height turning the handwheel the To the height the to the the of the or the caught the the of with the The steplessly and front and of the turn. the tight- the with the the the front of the the to the height: with the and and with the the and than the height of the The with its front the thin thick and the Switch off further to immediately wards. with the the the of the and with and with screws The least to the of Tighten enough the to easily the the height of the and the Switch off further to immediately ENGLISH
ENGLISH and to of the such that or the with the such as or (optional of and clean resin with cleaning and (optional accessory). and servicing. and other than this section should of with tested and the that each service. Directly the cool the with bustible of with the Wear when the of rotation! fixing screws of the and with (L.H. thread!). outer with wrench to counter. outer and from the Clean of and cleaning to resin that the light of the the of the affected. fresh of rotation!). when or from force. of high (HSS or HS); with cut-off wheel Mount only reducing the to mounted such that they or of and operation. outer (the the of the outer Turn thread!) and outer with to counter. wrench. the wrench. the tightened, installation! with the and with fixing screws. Cleaning the height and the of the height from the top. Clean with or Apply light of and and the that and or switching ON of and switching OFF to the than seconds; the Monthly and with or apply light of to threaded of height Every hours of screwed necessary.
Repairs Repairs to only! of to the service of try. to the the Please of the to the Transportation Dismount If the following back cover Table of of C Suction To to the and To resin and HW and CV and board. CV smooth and board. TCT and RS RS RS Protection The Worn and amounts of and which recycled. These instructions with chlorine-free bleaching process. Trouble Shooting carrying service or switch OFF; to to that each service. relay tripped switch outlet and overheated, or build-up the overheating, then too shorter or with section supply of performance (possibly chapter and build-up or of connected chapter Operation): or increase suction capacity. Height of of height and with and and ENGLISH
ENGLISH Technical specifications protection Protection IP IP IP input (outer) Arbor bore of with height height height Sound to ISO when Sound to ISO when C section of of of The stated only the this If the to wear hearing protection This reaches the ear of the this, other things, the existing (such as other of by). though explicitly required, to wear hearing protection when operating this TKHS C TKHS C TKHS C DNB WNB S6 S6 S6 S6 S6 S6 (A) (A) (A) (A)
Instructions FRANAIS protection manchon fixation fixation FRANAIS Instructions service
FRANAIS protection "marche-arrt"
Table Instructions Commande Sciage Protection instructions toute indications instructions service. instructions tous Con- tation toute instructions informations instructions tion tion type accrochage Informations FRANAIS Instructions massif, bois. rotation. Toute instructions tout instructions tions correct. corps inconfortable.
FRANAIS type formation tout tation tout bois, tout marche hors clous bois, manches protection protection protection. bois d'inhalation. tion tion. tions tructions (cf. (cf. instructions tout service. protection Toutes tions protection
service protection Un tordu CE confor- Couteau protection protection tout protection toucher FRANAIS Un marche Toutes Construction marche-arrt marche appuyer appuyer rouge Un marche
FRANAIS fixation fixation tion fixation plates Assemblage instructions. instructions toute instructions tout M6 M6
"marche- M6 M6 tranchan- protection protection manchon tion. manchon Accrocher manchon ration ration fixation M6 fixation fixation M6 fixation fixation fixation fixation FRANAIS M6 M6
FRANAIS plate M6 M6 M6 M6 M6 M6 Tension protection bution caoutchouc section fiche
Commande tation "marche-arrt" protection protection protection protection. tomber L'inhalation tion manchons protection manchon manchon manchons tion. instructions tion tions protection s'appuyer coup. FRANAIS rotation
FRANAIS fixation plates protection tion. fixation fixation. tion. type. fiche toute toyage. tous protection
force (HSS HS) tourner Tourner tous FRANAIS protection, marche tourner bout Toutes fonction- service chariot
FRANAIS toute Chariot C tion HW CV bois CV HM tous bois. RS RS RS Protection recyclable instructions blanchi hors fiche intervention, service tous marche fiche, bouchon marche. section taches tion.
Tension Protection action action protection IP IP ISO ISO C Section protection protection FRANAIS TKHS C TKHS C DNB WNB S6 S6 S6 S6 (A) (A) (A) (A)
ITALIANO ITALIANO Tubo Chiave Chiave
Tubo ITALIANO
ITALIANO fornite fornita o includere anche testo o che! o Non o
tocchi Non Non Non o Non o Non anche Non o Non o larghe; Non o o fase o o Non ITALIANO
ITALIANO anche CE Un tore
o fis- Non anche M6 M6 basso o ITALIANO
ITALIANO M6 M6 tore Tubo M6 Profilo Profilo M6 M6 M6 fis-
M6 M6 relative M6 M6 relative basso M6 M6 fase foro anche Non assicurare ITALIANO
ITALIANO o Non Non Non o anche o o
basso Accendere o o o Non anche ITALIANO
ITALIANO Non o Non (HSS o HS); Non Non Non ferirsi Non o o ore
C HW anche CV CV HM RS RS RS o o ITALIANO
ITALIANO IP IP foro ISO ISO C S6 S6 S6 S6 (A) (A) (A) (A) TKHS C TKHS C DNB WNB
ESPAOL Tope boca Tope Gancho Tope ESPAOL
ESPAOL Tope tope o tope Manivela
Indice Lea red........................61 tope tope Lea usted o texto o o chas o o o hace. o ESPAOL
ESPAOL profesional. o o o o incluso charse o o tor- o o o o o Con
o o o CE UE sean tope plancha Un ESPAOL
ESPAOL Manivela Topes tope emplear tope o tope Tope tope Manivela tope Manivela tope tope. tope Tope tope tope tope Manivela tope tope. tope o Tornillo M6 M6 base. o base, tornillos
ancho tornillos tornillos tornillos base. Tornillo M6 M6 boca boca boca tornillos Tornillo M6 M6 tornillos ESPAOL
ESPAOL tornillos tornillos Tornillo M6 M6 Atornille tornillos Atornille tornillo Atornille tornillo Tornillo M6 M6 tornillos Tornillo M6 M6 tornillos M6 Gancho M6
FI o red. o o o boca boca boca s. bocas ESPAOL
ESPAOL tectora fin tope tope tope tope ancho tope tope tope tope tornillos tope
o red. o incluso tornillos tornillo boca o (HSS o HS); tornillo tornillo tor- Ahora o ESPAOL
ESPAOL o herra- (tope, tareas C HW planchas CV planchas CV planchas HM Universal RS RS RS red. o o o o
IP IP (interior) anchura anchura DIN DIN C incluso TKHS C TKHS C DNB WNB S6 S6 S6 S6 (A) (A) (A) (A) ESPAOL
C
U4BA_EB3.fm ZINDEL