Instruction Instructions PK
Great Please the warranty to of purchase! You only to warranty of purchase. Please back cover near- SVP, d'achat!
PK
PK
PK
PK
PK
PK
PK
Motor) PK
PK
PK (HSS); etwas
PK
Rand PK
PK Motors.
PK hat
IP IP S6 S6 S6 S6 (A) WA (A) (A) WA (A) hoher hoher PK 2NL 2NL 2NL
PK
of with Rip with feeding with foot Connector hose PK 2Great
and Riving Rip with feeding with of On/off switch with PK
Please first! these instructions commissioning. to the information. If while immediately. the of the Bring to collecting these instructions reference about. If or this to the instructions to with information of This and of faced board, board, wood-core and round without as the rotating the other to as specified and allowed. caused covered the of the or of tested and the information Follow the the tion of to the of fire shock as as Please which to serious It therefore recommended follow the information below, and and follow the to the operation of The and operated with and who of the associated with the of such years of age this only the of tor the of their PK The following with and employing completely nated: of touching the to the when firm footing, and of touching the the the the Wear when offs the clean. of caught the the or the clean. If inclusion of of caught the and thrown the ator): with properly knife. and the or light- the or to other the of the overloading: within its and as specified. Check the every switching ON to that or the with ON/OFF switch. and of and grease.
shown the of the following to or instructions. reach the Wear hearing protection. PK and round with holding otherwise would off the bore of Riving The the from caught the of the and thrown the operation. The protects with the and from about. operation. The as of the right and protects with the and the to hand, sheath the housing.
On/off switch with To switch ON To switch OFF or cover of off switch. relay the of to restarting of the when the restored. To the the To unauthorized the switch with The and The of motion the of the of the PK The with ratchet There ratchet the If the swivelling the shifted: and the of The of turning the To the height the to the
Rip The the from the right- and the front. The repositioned the wing (as shown): thin when the thick The of the or the It the with the arrow). the through both To arrow). PK Assembly and of foot each of the four the with the corner). Turn and the the corners of the housing. with each head screw serrated washer; washer; its screws four to of from and ash) when inhaled. to suction of without only to with If connected and chips the These to of operation. the and the
from casing Turn the hous- suction to chipcase with head screw washer serrated washer If to the suction from to knife. The of the should If collector, the with the tor as PK Screw screw of the and Screw screw of the screws screw bushing and washer to screw and screw the ratchet washer screw and screw ratchet screws the and the screws threaded though the washer to each of the screws and screw screw the of the and the as illustrated. Screw plates to as illustrated.
only. match- the following "Technical specifications"): protection ated (RCD) of properly grounded; 3-phase with supply with the and Protect supply from heat, and only of cross-section. to of of rotation! (only with three-phase phase it that the the tion. This to the thrown about when to of every to another outlet or With of the phase the supply the assembled, with and to the supply. and switch off immediately. Watch the of from the of the It clock- If the counter-clockwise, supply from the switch/plug. With screwdriver the phase and the phase the Operation the following operation switch; knife; protection hearing protection; front of the the infeed frontal to the to the of the of If with the should the type of (accessory) with or otherwise would off the (accessory); without of tooth caught the the of the the of wear clothing, or that caught with PK
with and than Reposition (as shown) thin and with High thick of cut.The should to the and Switch off further to immediately PK and to servicing: Switch OFF. the to that each service. of with tested and the and other than this section only specialists. of the teeth. Wear when the screws of the section. section and off. cover slightly and to the The cover the of the and
To the the and with (L.H. thread!). and off the Clean of and cleaning resin that the light of the the of the affected. fresh of rotation). The of the only Technical specifications) when using or from the force. of high (HSS); with cut-off wheel Mount PK reducing the to mounted such that they or of and operation. outer The the of the outer Screw with the facing the the (L.H. thread!). with the supplied. the wrench. the wrench. tightening the to the cover back the closed tion and screws. section. The exactly with the The the and the than from the top with This then counter the of the the screws of the section. section and cover slightly and to the The cover the of the and Tighten each the each other. The operation of the as this would mechanical and
Turn and its the the turn. back its turning the Turn and its both the its cover back the closed tion and screws. section. The the and the It than when with thumb; the than to to To and Turn Unscrew from arrows). PK housing with thumb. If the the four screws holding the turn. the mounted The turning the housing as required: Turning housing clockwise Turning housing counter-clockwise the tighten fixing screws crosswise. Screw cover back to Riving The of the and to correctly operation. to match the exactly with the tions: the to the to the or right to the The the outer and the should
off. the screws of the section. cover slightly and to the The the of the and turn. Tighten offset Riving and exactly The to every of the Turn screws (arrow) clockwise to the right. Turn screws (arrow) counter-clockwise to the cover back the tion and screws. section. PK and the with the of If the exactly match the completely, and its backstop screws both front and of the tion when the To the of the backstop, to accordingly. of the the front, necessary. The to to the and thickness of the the right-hand of the and The of the should directly the of the (arrow). If fixing screw and fixing screw and
Universal with If necessary, fixing screws and fixing screws. Cleaning the its and with or from from completely tion. that unauthorized and The on/off buttons with or without protection. PK Service Chip (when operated without tion) and Riving Clean threaded and Every hours of (R screwed tions screws). switching ON structed chips. Monthly with or apply light of to
Troubleshooting carrying service or Switch OFF. to to that each service. relay Switch tripped supply and overheated, too high feed build-up housing. of (three-phase only) supply phases Assembly and of performance (possibly PK overheating, then section
Technical Rated protection Protection IP IP input S6 S6 S6 S6 (outer) bore of height (with off Sound (A) Sound WA (A) tion, Sound AL (A) Sound WA (A) with extraordinary smooth board with faced sheets PK Application Three-phase 2NL ATB 2NL ATB 2NL ATB
Three-phase PK
Table PK
marche-arrt PK
marche, instructions tions fonction! instructions tout instructions. Instructions bois bois fixation rotations Toute tions. transformation Instructions tout tions relatives PK tout formation tion Un inclusions marche correct.
tout surcharge charge marche-arrt inscrits non-observation instructions PK tomber protection protection protection
marche appuyer Tout appuyer rouge marche-arrt. "marche". marche- tous PK blocage blocage blocage: On plates
On blocage caoutchouc PK boulon fixation Attention! service tion marche). marche.
Corps boulon PK boulon boulon boulon boulon boulon blocage. boulon blocage. boulons boulon
Tension service Protection FI fiche phase, installation. rotation phase, Apres brancher marche che. tournevis, phase tourner Attention! phase fiches PK protection; protection: protection. tomber saccroche trecoup. coincer.
PK hors fonction tous fixation tout Soulever
tomber. perforation tourner fixation saccroche PK perforations force (HSS) marche. saccrocher perforation blocage!
fixation Soulever tomber marche, PK tous tournevis
fixation tournevis). Tourner horaire Tourner horaire fixation toute fixation tout tomber. horaire PK
PK fixation fixation fixation fixation. marche/arrt Attention! tion.
Tableau marche Ejection aspiration) Toutes (inf. Tous tion PK intervention hors intervention, fonction tous phases taches Enclencher marche. phases
Tension action action protection IP IP S6 S6 S6 S6 marche (A) WA (A) (A) WA (A) PK 2NL 2NL 2NL
PK
D-49703 EC conformity CEE CE CE that the of the Nous type o PK WNB PK DNB with the following regulations as EC CEE EF EF CE Directiva CE 89/392/EWG CEE CE Directiva CE 89/336/EWG harmonized DIN VDE DIN EN DIN EN ISO DIN EN ISO The type the following location Lhomologation loffice officile institut institution D-51101 of the EC type CEE CE CE o BM D/GB/F/NL/DK/S/N/SF/I/E/P Directive CEE basse CE Directiva CE 73/23/EWG Technical Director
N.V.S.A. B-1730 AG D-49716 DK-9220 OE S.A. Coicoechea E-08960 J. F-67190 OY FIN-02270 PK A0017RL D/GB/F The GB-SO51 9AQ AG D-49716 A/S Sophus N-3252 NL-1704 RT S. A. P-4408 AB S-30180 Great