TKHS (AUS) Instruction
Instruction ENGLISH of Riving Suction hose feeding Hose Rip Table top Stanchion, Stanchion, and Chipcase front Bearing front Threaded Chipcase Bearing Chipcase Assembly wrench ENGLISH
ENGLISH Rip Table top of high and protection the of steplessly from from through locking the ON/OFF switch with high Maintenance-free induction
Table of of overview.......................4 Please first!.........................5 instructions of instructions throughout these instructions..........................6 features............6 Assembly.....................................7 Operation...................................13 the of the with the with the fence........15 and tricks and Cleaning the height Repairs.......................................16 Transportation Technical specifications Please first! with these instructions. follow the instructions exactly the to the regulations and ated. the instructions operation. If while immediately. this and the of the ronmentally to collecting these instructions about. If or this to these instructions with instructions of This to and faced boards, and wood-core sheets, and round without or The rotating the other to as specified and The caused of the or of the instructions this the follow- instructions, to the of or Please the instructions the respective where follow the or the of to the of invites what to with reason. while the influence of or medication. effects: firm footing and when or The and ated with and who of the associated with the tion of such of the years of this the of their the of other to the or while only within the performance "Technical specifications"). of shock! to or with earthed such as cooking when operating this the of and crushing the without guards. to the feeding necessary. to when operating the to the the its the from supply servicing. that when switching servicing) or or the Turn off the used. Cutting with the Wear when of caught the and thrown the with properly knife. thin or thin-walled only with fine-toothed If inclusion of or screws). of that allow and while the and of caught the round to the from that of the or cloth- caught and clothes; with containing the cords wires ENGLISH
ENGLISH insuffi- protection Wear hearing protection. Wear Wear Wear clothes. wearing of recommended. of of ash) when inhaled: with attached to the tion of the or of tested and the with these instructions. the conforming to EN to of the matching and and the instructions. operating the protective or slightly to function as specified. to that properly and correctly and tions the operation of the protection or repaired or fied switches service the switch turned ON or OFF. free of and grease. through- these instructions Indicates of or of shock! of shock. of or clothing the rotating of Additional information. Riving The the from caught the of the and thrown the the operation. The protects with the and from about. the operation. The as of the and protects with the the the and than the of the the used, to the provided. the To to board. the of features Steplessly from to Stepless of to relay the from when restored operating located the front. with ON/OFF switch To switch To switch the of relay activated. This the of the when the restored. To the switch actuated. The the from through
to the to its with the the of The of turning the The with as the The mounted to the of the The of the towards the the to Rip as the installed. It mounted the the front of the the the and shifted: Assembly of the or the of tested and the to operation! the with these tions. only the as follow the instructions exactly the to the and operated. If the following the assembly the instructions each the each assembly Hex. wrench Hex. wrench Hex. wrench Wrench Wrench Wrench screwdriver Chipcase Item Qty. Chipcase rear M8 Chipcase front top Hex. counter- head screw M8 thick thin when the The chipcase and the of the top top with the facing front chipcase and chipcase three each countersunk screws and to the of the top The front of the where the the located the top The of the (arrows) the of the top which to the the The of the chipcase Bearing Item Qty. M6 head screw M6 head screw M8 Bearing M8 Bearing front each plate with head screw and to the of each chipcase ENGLISH
ENGLISH the plate (with to the facing with the washer from the the head screws from the through the and the of the Screw the from the the front the front chipcase the as illustrated the screw's head and plates that the their with the top. The as the bearing and them. Affix the to the front chipcase the both the chipcase and the as illustrated. Item Qty. Hex. counter- head screw M6 Washer M6 the tically the to the At front and rear, three each countersunk screws from the the of the bear- plate and the the From the washer and each screw. to exactly to the top and the countersunk screws. Item Qty. Hex. counter- head screw M8 M8 Threaded Washer thin M16 Washer the outer to the of the chipcase and the to the of the rear both with screw four and the from the the seat the the four with their facing each other the screw From the screw through the and screw the type the screw that the the the the and the front the of the
from the front the that the of the front and chipcase (the threaded of the the front of the the and with washer and thin Turn the the threaded that thread the threaded the from the of the At the front, washer and the threaded and Item Qty. M6 Turning Hex. counter- head screw M6 M14 Washer the turning the screw then screw that the turning easily turn. the turning with the to the and both the threaded of the and with washer and to counter, the the Item Qty. head screw, type, M6 with head screws to the of to the chipcase Item Qty. head screw M5 M5 Chipcase the suction with head screws and as illustrated to the of the chipcase of plate to the chipcase Item Qty. plate screw M5 M5 the plate the of the chipcase, each saucer-head screws and of chipcase to the Item Qty. head screw M6 Washer type, M6 each head screw from the the From the each washer and another washer the head screw, then with each type the pre-assembled chipcase the head screws and with each type Item Qty. type, M6 ENGLISH
ENGLISH Item Qty. Hex. counter- head screw M6 Cover head screw The as the mounted the The heads of screws, to the cover, as screw then from the of the cover's screw the with cover the The screw's head as illustrated the the chipcase the screw with the cover, that its head the the chipcase the cover as illustrated. that the the chipcase. the with head screws to the chipcase. assembly Item Qty. head screw M8 Stanchion, M8 Stanchion, Bracket Washer Hose Attaching the four to the of the corners: the front and of the top the the with washers as illustrated; the hose as illustrated; head screws from the from the screw the the front and the of the the the and each other; head screws from the from the screw Screwing the with each other: head screws from the of the top; from the screw With the of another turn the and Item Qty. Cutting the wear when Unscrew from the (L.H. thread!) and the of teeth. outer (the the of the outer Screw back the (L.H. thread!) and with to counter. the with the SW the other with the of the tightened,
If necessary, crank the the to the The exactly with the of the top. It the (neither the tion the To the the holding the the turn. the with the assembly attached to as the correct. Tighten the of the Riving Item Qty. Riving The of the and to correctly operation: the the the as trated and below) and the Item Qty. Riving to match the exactly with the its the to the its to the The the peripheral and the The least the the as the If necessary, the the turn. of the to the Tighten the and fectly Turning the four head screws the below the clockwise to the right. Turning the four head screws the below the counter-clockwise to the Hex. counter- head screw M6 Table plate type, M6 the countersunk screw from the top through the the From the the plate the head screw and with the the plate Turn head screw clockwise from top) and the top's Turn the countersunk screw ter-clockwise: the plate the of the and the Mounting the switch Item Qty. head screw M8 M8 the switch with each head screws and to the front The switch buttons to the right-hand the and the Item Qty. Suction hose the of the suction hose the suction ENGLISH
ENGLISH other of the suction hose to the the chipcase. the suction hose the hose the the chipcase to chapter "Operation"). Item Qty. Pan-head screw Washer with three head screws and washers to the of the the to and thickness of the straightedge the right-hand of the the outwards of the teeth), the straightedge of the to the right. the straightedge exactly with the the of the exactly with the of the straightedge. the head screws, then the straightedge. the Item Qty. M8 screw M8 The the to the front of the the head of the saucer-head screws the the saucer-head screws. saucer-head screws the the front of the and with assembly Item Qty. Serrated washer head screw M8 screw M8 Washer the the as trated. the the the front and rear of the each head screw and serrated washer exactly with the top's Tighten screws of mounting and the the with washer and screw the the and with the the of the towards the the washers the and the of the screw the exactly to the The screw when the the of the
Accessory Item Qty. head screw M6 M6 assembly head screws as the and assembly wrench to the right front Turn each the head screws head screw the the front of the and with another the other head screw the right-hand of the Tightening the screwed the screwed tions. Tighten the screwed tions hand-tight. only. matching the following "Technical specifications"): properly earthed and tested. Three-phase outlets with wire. and to the and shown the rating Protection shock (RCD) of protection of the (house service with Electricity or whether house service these with the and Protect supply from heat, and only with cross-sec- tion "Technical specifications"). to the of tion! (three-phase only) the phase the the This to the when to The of therefore every the nected to of incorrect of rotation, the of the the and of its assembled, to the supply. and switch OFF ately. the of from the of the The clockwise. If the rotates counter- clockwise, the the the supply the firm, there to upright the to the the assembled and the bore the and the with the and to the of injury! This only operated Other to the the of feeding or to that the following and ON/OFF switch feeding and protection hearing protection; operating the front of the front of the to the of the of when with the other to the If the type of the following: otherwise the off the cutting; typical to the the its of the the and of the and containing of caught the to which cords, or wires attached or which such of ash) when when The the following ENGLISH
ENGLISH hoses the of the chipcase flow of of s. The located the chipcase assembly and the the operating instructions as without to of with If the plate the chipcase otherwise and the To the both the of the chipcase slightly. to the Tighten the of of the or the caught the the of with the The height to the the height of the the with its front the the of turning the the chipcase. To the height the to the the of the or the caught the the of with the The and the the the Tighten the to the the with the with the the used. the to the height: thick thin The from top the the front of the and with the the the and than the height of the The with its front the and Switch off further to immediately
with the the top. to and that the to The least to the of the height of the and lock. Switch off further to immediately wards. and to of the such that or board the with the such as rear or (optional of the top resin with cleaning and (optional accessory). and to servicing: switch OFF; to that each service. and other than this section should Directly the burning cool the with bustible of with the Wear when the of rotation! Turn the head screw of the clock- and the with (L.H. thread!). with to counter. and from the Clean of and cleaning to resin that the light of the the of the affected. fresh of rotation!). when or from force. of high (HSS or HS); with cut-off Mount only using reducing the to mounted such that they or of and operation. outer (the the of the outer Screw back the (L.H. thread!) and tighten outer with to counter. wrench. the wrench. the tightened, the Turn the countersunk screw counter-clockwise the Cleaning the height and the of the height from the top. Clean with or ENGLISH
ENGLISH Apply light of and and the that and or switching ON of and switching OFF to the than seconds; the Monthly and chips with or apply light of to threaded and of and swivel Every hours of screwed necessary. Repairs Repairs to only! of to the service of try. to the the Please of the to the Transportation Dismount (fence, If the following back cover Universal easy of C Table right Table with Suction To to the and To resin and CV and board. CV smooth and board. TCT and RS RS RS
specifications protection of protection IP input capacity (outer) Arbor bore of with height height Sound to DIN when Sound to DIN when section of of The stated the this Whether the to wear hearing tection This reaches the ear of the this, other things, the existing (such as other of by). though explicitly required, to wear hearing protection when operating this S6 S1 (A) (A) (A) (A) TKHS ENGLISH
C
ZINDEL