TKHS E/P Instruction Instructions
DEUTSCH ENG ENGLISH KONFORMITTSERKLRUNG DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY FRANAIS NL NEDERLANDS DECLARATION DE CONFORMITE CONFORMITEITSVERKLARING Nous type IT ITALIANO ES ESPAOL DICHIARAZIONE DI CONFORMIT DECLARACION DE CONFORMIDAD CE PT PORTUGUS SV SVENSKA FRSKRAN OM VERENSSTMMELSE DECLARAO DE CONFORMIDADE as as CE FIN SUOMI NO NORGE VAATIMUKSENMUKAISUUSVAKUUTUS SAMSVARSERKLRING DA DANSK POL POLSKI OVERENSSTEMMELSESATTEST WIADCZENIE ZGODNO CI EF- EL  HNIKA HU MAGYAR   MEGEGYEZ SGI NYILATKOZAT  98/37/EG, 89/336/EWG, 73/23/EWG, 93/68/EWG D-51105 ELEKTRA BECKUM AG herewith repsonsibility that this with the following with the of the Directives** EC type examination conducted CE UE TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P *EN EN BM
Instruction ENGLISH Swing-out Rip top of high and protection to the from through locking the the of from ON/OFF switch with high stability. Maintenance-free induction ENGLISH
ENGLISH Table of Please first! instructions....................16 of instructions..........16 throughout these instructions features Assembly Installation...................................21 the of the with the with the and tricks...........................23 and change.......................23 Cleaning the height Repairs.......................................24 Transportation...........................24 protection...........24 Trouble shooting.......................24 Technical specifications...........25 Please first! with these instructions. follow the instructions exactly the to the regulations and ated. the instructions operation. If while immediately. this and the of the ronmentally to collecting these instructions about. If or this to these instructions with instructions of This to and faced boards, board and wood-core sheets, and round without or The rotating the other to as specified and permitted. The caused of the or of the tions using this the follow- instructions, to the of or Please the instructions the respective chapters; where follow the or the of to the of invites what to with reason. while the influence of or effects: firm footing and when or The and ated with and who of the associated with the tion of such particularly of the years of age this the of their the of instructor. other to the or while it within the performance "Technical specifications"). of shock! to or with earthed such as cooking when operating this tool. the of and crushing the without guards. to the feeding necessary. to when operating the to the the its the disconnected from supply servicing. that when switching servicing) or or the Turn off the used. Cutting with the Wear when of caught the and thrown the with properly knife. thin or thin-walled with fine-toothed If inclusion of or screws). of that allow and holding while the and of caught the round to the from that of the or cloth- caught and clothes; with containing the cords
protection Wear hearing protection. Wear Wear Wear clothes. wearing of recommended. of of ash) when only with attached to the tion of the or of tested and the with these instructions. the conforming to EN to of the matching and and the instructions. operating the protective or slightly to function as specified. to that properly and correctly and tions the of the protection or repaired or fied switches service the switch turned ON or OFF. free of and grease. through- these instructions Indicates of or of shock! of shock. of or clothing the rotating of Additional information. Riving The the from caught the of the and thrown the the operation. The protects with the and from about. the operation. The as of the hand and protects with the the the and than the of the the used, to the provided. the To to board. the of Steplessly from to Stepless of to relay the from when operating located the front. with ON/OFF switch To switch To switch the of relay activated. This the of the when the restored. To the switch actuated. ENGLISH
ENGLISH With the the from through the to the with the turning the of The of turning the The with as the The mounted to the of the The of the towards the the to Rip as the It mounted the the front of the the the and shifted: thick thin when the Assembly of the or the of tested and the to operation! the with these tions. the as follow the instructions exactly the to the and operated. If the following the assembly the instructions each the each assembly Hex. wrench Hex. wrench Hex. wrench Wrench Wrench Wrench screwdriver assembly Item Qty. Table top with head screw M8 M8 Stanchion, Stanchion, top of or to the Attaching the four to the of the corners: head screws from the from the screw the the front and rear the of the the the and each other; head screws from the from the screw Screwing the with each other: head screws from the of the top; from the other turn the this of the With the of another the and Mounting the switch Item Qty. head screw M8 M8 the switch with each head screws and to the front The switch to the right-hand
with to the the and Riving the lowered beneath the top's to the therefore to the to the its to the The the and the The least the the as the If necessary, the the turn. of the to the the and fectly Turning the four head screws the below the clockwise to the right. Turning the four head screws the below the counter-clockwise to the the Turn the countersunk screw counter-clockwise the the Item Qty. Suction hose Hose the of the suction hose the suction other of the suction hose to the the chipcase. the hose with the to the rear, to the To the screws of the right-hand rear and with the hose the suction hose the hose the the to chapter "Operation"). assembly Item Qty. Mounting head screw M8 Serrated washer Washer M8 screw M8 M6 the the as trated. mounting using head screw and rated washer to both of the with mounting to front and of the top: each head screws with washers throught the from the ENGLISH
ENGLISH from the screw exactly with the top's Tighten screws of mounting and the the with washer and screw the each and washers the of the the the of the the the of the Table Item Qty. thin M12 head screw M6 M6 Hex. head screw M8 Washer M8 head screw M6 the as illustrated. Screw thin the the rear with the to the top's Screw another thin the from to to the top. head screw from the through the and the the to the top, the of the higher than the top's the the thin the the exactly with the of the top. Tighten the thin each other. with each head screw washer and to the the the the the of the If required, each with each head screw and the head screws and of the Accessory Item Qty. head screw M6 M6 assembly head screws as the and assembly wrench to the right front Turn each the head screws head screws the the front of the and with another
the other head screws to the right-hand of the right front only. matching the following "Technical specifications"): properly installed, earthed and tested. Three-phase outlets with wire. and to the and shown the rating Protection shock (RCD) of protection of the (house service with or whether house service these Position supply with the and Protect supply from heat, and with cross-sec- tion "Technical specifications"). supply to the of tion! (three-phase only) the phase the the This to the when to The of rotation therefore every the connected to another of incorrect of rotation, the of the outlet the and of its assembled, to the supply. and switch OFF ately. the of from the of the The clockwise. If the rotates counter- clockwise, the the the supply the firm, there to upright the to the the assembled and the bore the and the with the and to the of injury! This operated Other to the the of feeding or to that the following and ON/OFF switch feeding and protection gear: hearing protection; operating the front of the front of the to the of the of when with the other to the If the type of the following: otherwise off the cutting; typical to the the its of the the and of the and containing of caught the to which cords, or wires or which such of ash) when when The the following hoses the outer of the flow of of s. The located the assembly and the the collector's operating instructions as ENGLISH
ENGLISH without only operation to of with If the the otherwise chips and the To the both the of the slightly. plate to the the of of the or the caught the the of with the The height to the the height of the the with its front the the of turning the the To the height the to the the of the or the caught the the of with the The steplessly and turn. with the the the with the with the the used. the to the thick thin The from top the the front of the and with the the the and than the height of the The with its front the and Switch off further to immediately wards. with the the top. to and that the to
ENGLISH The least to the of the height of the and Switch off further to immediately wards. and to of the such that or board the with the such as or (optional of the top and resin with cleaning and (optional accessory). and to servicing: switch OFF; to that each service. and other than this section should only Directly the burning cool the with bustible of with the Wear when the of rotation! Turn the head screw of the clockwise turn and the with (L.H. thread!). outer with to counter. and from the Clean of and cleaning to resin that the light of the the of the affected. fresh of rotation!). only when using or from force. of high (HSS or HS); with cut-off wheel Mount reducing the to mounted such that they or of and operation. (the the of the outer Screw back the (L.H. thread!) and outer with to counter. wrench. the wrench. the tightened, the Turn the countersunk screw counter-clockwise the Cleaning the height and the of the height from the top. Clean with or Apply light of and and the that unauthor- and unprotected or
ENGLISH switching ON of and switching OFF to the than seconds; the Monthly and with or apply light of to threaded and of and Every hours of operation screwed necessary. Repairs Repairs to only! of to the service of try. to the the Please of the to the Transportation Dismount If the following back cover easy of C Table right with Suction to to the and to resin and CV and board. CV teeth smooth and board. TCT and smaterials. RS RS RS protection The cled. Worn and amounts of and which recycled. These instructions rine-free bleached Trouble shooting carrying service or switch OFF; to to that each service. relay tripped switch and overheated, or build-up the overheating, then too or with section supply of performance (possibly chapter and Chip build-up the or of capacity connected chapter "Operation"): or increase suction capacity. plate of closed: Height of of height gummy: and with and and
Technical specifications protection of protection IP IP IP IP input (outer) Arbor bore of with height Sound to DIN when Sound to DIN when C section of of of The stated the this Whether the to wear hearing tion This reaches the ear of the this, other things, the existing (such as other of by). though it explicitly required, to wear hearing protection when operating this TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P S6 S6 S6 S6 S1 S1 S1 S1 (A) (A) (A) (A) ENGLISH
C
U4BA_EB2.fm ZINDEL