UK Instruction Instructions
DEUTSCH ENG ENGLISH KONFORMITTSERKLRUNG DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY FRANAIS NL NEDERLANDS DECLARATION DE CONFORMITE CONFORMITEITSVERKLARING Nous type IT ITALIANO ES ESPAOL DICHIARAZIONE DI CONFORMIT DECLARACION DE CONFORMIDAD CE PT PORTUGUS SV SVENSKA FRSKRAN OM VERENSSTMMELSE DECLARAO DE CONFORMIDADE as as CE FIN SUOMI NO NORGE VAATIMUKSENMUKAISUUSVAKUUTUS SAMSVARSERKLRING DA DANSK POL POLSKI OVERENSSTEMMELSESATTEST EF- EL HU MAGYAR 98/37/EG, EWG, 89/336/EWG TV ELEKTRA BECKUM AG herewith repsonsibility that this with the following with the regulations of the Directives** EC type examination conducted CE RGSRZLDGDZ\PRJRPQDVW UE UK EN DIN EN BG D-51105 RGSRZLHG]LDOQR FL SXM F\FKQRUPZHGXJXVWDOH
Instruction ENGLISH ENGLISH to Riving Universal feeding of and action Pull-action to ON/OFF switch with Chip screw action
Table of to Please Safety.........................................13 of instructions shown the throughout these instructions........................14 Product Features.........14 Transportation Initial Installation...................................15 and of Operation...................................16 and Motorhead cleaning and Tricks Accessories..............19 Protection Trouble Shooting......................19 Technical Specifications..........20 Accessories..............54 Please these instructions to the instructions. If while immediately. the of the ronmentally to collecting these instructions about. If or this to the instructions with of This to and faced boards, and wood-core sheets, and round without or The rotating the thin firm of wobble ted this other as fied. as specified, of the or of that the tions operating this the following instructions, to the of or Please the instructions the respective chapters; reference. the statuary regulations and the of to the operation of where invites what to with reason. while the influence of or lighted. firm footing and when or The and operated with and who of the associated with the of such the of years this only the of their the of instructor. of the other to the or while within the performance Technical Specifications). of shock! to or with earthed such as cooking when operating this the of and crushing the without guards. to the feeding necessary. to and when operating nected from supply servic- that when switching servicing) or or the Turn off the used. with the Wear when of caught the and thrown the with properly knife. thin or thin-walled with fine-toothed If inclusion of or screws). that of the or cloth- caught and clothes; with protection Wear hearing protection. Wear Wear Wear clothes. wearing of recommended. ENGLISH
ENGLISH of of ash) when tor "Technical Specifications"). and the instructions. operating the protection or slightly inspected functioning as specified. to that properly and correctly and the of the protection or repaired or switches service the switch turned ON or OFF. free of and grease. shown the of the following to or instructions. reach the Wear hearing protection. and round with holding otherwise would off the cutting. through- these instructions Indicates of or of shock! of shock. of or clothing the rotating of Supplementary information The protects with the and from about. operation. Riving The the from caught the of the and thrown the operation. The as of the and protects with the the to hand, sheath the housing. Product action Precisely from through Steplessly of operating located the front. supply spective of service of the brushes; protection overcurrent the off when locked relay the from when Compact and easy bearings, cated life, permanently Universal included Transportation Dismount If carrying the the of the the holding of the or operating ON/OFF switch with To switch ON ton To switch OFF or switch cover.
age relay activated. This the of the when the restored. To the the switch to The ON/OFF switch of and action The of turning the To the action slightly the the released the to its action To the action to the action to the right action With the the to the right from through The of motion the of the of the The with ratchet There ratchet the If the swivelling the shifted: and The and cutting) the increased both and right and Universal The the wing the the as The off and the screws thick thin Initial There to firm of the (optional accessory); or with top. ENGLISH
ENGLISH and section and from screws of the the screws of the head screw (to head screw counter- clockwise and The the and the to The of the and to correctly operation. head screw (to head screw clockwise section. of of and ash) when inhaled: when the without only to with If used, and chips the housing. These to the inch located the and the suction of housing as trated. the motion of the the blown from the Watch where the of the to effectively off, the to The other only. matching the following "Technical Specifications"): and to the and shown the protection operated (RCD) of properly earthed and tested. supply with the and Protect supply from heat, and only with cross-sec- tion supply to of This operated Other from the the of feeding or to that the following and ON/OFF switch; knife; protection hearing protection; operating the front of the front of the to the of the of If with the should If the type of the following: (accessory) with or otherwise off the (accessory);
that securely the such as round typical to the the its of the the and of the and containing of caught the to each with the the clear the when through the to which cords, or wires attached or which such operated as the the the of the this operating the of of The with its front the and Mount Switch off further to immediately wards. operated as the to the and the pulled the thickness the of This operating of and light Unlock of The with its front the and Mount the the of With the the its length. To the to its the the to its rear Switch off further to immediately and to servicing: switch OFF; the to that each service. and other than this section should of from the teeth. Wear when section and from the screw the bot- of the and cover plate upward. with wrench and with (L.H. thread!). off the Clean of and cleaning resin that the light of the the of the affected. fresh of rotation!). ENGLISH
ENGLISH to EN (see"Technical Specifications" when using or from force. which below the rated of the "Technical tions"); of high (HSS); with cut-off Mount using reducing the to mounted such that they or of and tion. outer of Screw (L.H. thread!) and with the wrench supplied. wrench. the cover to section. The to with the thickness: fixing screws and as Tighten fixing screws and the to the to with the with If these exactly matched: section. screws of the the the exactly and respectively. the the the front section. Motorhead The of the action to that the head completely its own, without the and to Turn clockwise Turn counter-clockwise cleaning its and with or from from that and unprotected or The ON/OFF buttons switching of and Monthly and chips with or apply light of to threaded and of and connecting Every hours of screwed necessary.
and Tricks to with of the such that or the with the such as rear or (optional To cut-off (optional sory). of and resin with clean- and (optional accessory). the following back cover and the of Carriage, Table or Rear C To the to The firm the with the Capacity the to Table the the to the or right. Rear with the the front and/or Work accuracy, round and non-ferrous Collection to health and to the clean. Suction To to the of and To resin and TCT ATB and and board. TCT ATB and plastic, and high-grade TCT ATB plastics and TCT ATB plastics and Repairs Repairs to only! of to the service of try. to the the Please of the to the tool. Protection The recycled. Worn and amounts of and which These instructions rine-free bleached Trouble Shooting carrying service or switch OFF; to to to that each relay tripped switch outlet and overheated, or build-up the overheating, then Stated top reached supply too shorter or with section supply of performance (possibly section Chip or suction or increase suction capacity action Compensation of motorhead incorrectly section Motorhead Clean motorhead ENGLISH
ENGLISH Technical Specifications input protection or of protection IP Rated 230V) Cutting 230V) (outer) bore of with of of height (with weight Sound (A) Sound WA (A) operation, Sound (A) Sound WA (A) S6 S6
OBEN C OBEN OBEN OBEN OBEN
40WZ 30WZ 42WZ 64WZ