TKHS E/P Instruction Instructions
DEUTSCH ENG ENGLISH KONFORMITTSERKLRUNG DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY FRANAIS NL NEDERLANDS DECLARATION DE CONFORMITE CONFORMITEITSVERKLARING Nous type IT ITALIANO ES ESPAOL DICHIARAZIONE DI CONFORMIT DECLARACION DE CONFORMIDAD CE PT PORTUGUS SV SVENSKA FRSKRAN OM VERENSSTMMELSE DECLARAO DE CONFORMIDADE as as CE FIN SUOMI NO NORGE VAATIMUKSENMUKAISUUSVAKUUTUS SAMSVARSERKLRING DA DANSK POL POLSKI OVERENSSTEMMELSESATTEST WIADCZENIE ZGODNO CI EF- EL  HNIKA HU MAGYAR   MEGEGYEZ SGI NYILATKOZAT  98/37/EG, 89/336/EWG, 73/23/EWG, 93/68/EWG D-51105 ELEKTRA BECKUM AG herewith repsonsibility that this with the following with the regulations of the Directives** EC type examination conducted CE UE TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P *EN EN BM
DEUTSCH DEUTSCH
DEUTSCH Tricks
EN Informationen. DEUTSCH
DEUTSCH Strom M8 M8
Mon- M8 M8 Rand DEUTSCH
DEUTSCH M8 M8 M8 M6 profils M12 M6 M6 M8 M8 M6
M6 M6 A. DEUTSCH
DEUTSCH etwas
Tricks DEUTSCH
DEUTSCH (HSS HS); Motor- C
CV CV HM RS RS RS hat DEUTSCH
DEUTSCH IP IP IP IP DIN DIN C (A) (A) (A) (A) TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P S6 S6 S6 S6 S1 S1 S1 S1
Instruction ENGLISH Swing-out Table top of high and protection to the from through locking the the of from ON/OFF switch with high Maintenance-free induction ENGLISH
ENGLISH of Please first! instructions....................16 of instructions..........16 throughout these instructions Assembly the of the with the with the and tricks...........................23 and Cleaning the height Repairs.......................................24 Transportation...........................24 protection...........24 Trouble shooting.......................24 Technical specifications...........25 Please first! with these instructions. follow the instructions exactly the to the regulations and ated. the instructions operation. If while immediately. this and the of the ronmentally to collecting these instructions about. If or this to these instructions with instructions of This to and faced boards, board and wood-core sheets, and round without or The rotating the other to as specified and The caused of the or of the tions this the follow- instructions, to the of or Please the instructions the respective chapters; where follow the or the of to the of invites what to with reason. while the influence of or medication. effects: firm footing and when or The and ated with and who of the associated with the tion of such tool. of the years of age this only the of their the of instructor. other to the or while it within the performance specifications"). of shock! to or with earthed such as cooking when operating this the of and crushing the without guards. to the feeding necessary. to when operating the to the the its the disconnected from supply servicing. that when switching servicing) or or the Turn off the used. Cutting with the Wear when of caught the and thrown the with properly knife. thin or thin-walled with fine-toothed If inclusion of or screws). only of that allow and while the and of caught the round to the from that of the or cloth- caught and clothes; with containing the cords
wires protection Wear hearing protection. Wear Wear Wear clothes. wearing of recommended. of of ash) when with attached to the tion of the or of tested and the with these instructions. only the conforming to EN to of the only matching and and the instructions. operating the protective or slightly to function as specified. to that properly and correctly and tions the operation of the protection or repaired or fied switches service the switch turned ON or OFF. free of and grease. through- these instructions Indicates of or of shock! of shock. of or clothing the rotating of Additional information. Riving The the from caught the of the and thrown the the operation. The protects with the and from about. the operation. The as of the and protects with the the the and than the of the the used, to the the To to board. the of features Steplessly from to Stepless of to relay the from when operating located the front. with ON/OFF switch To switch To switch the of relay activated. This the of the when the restored. To the switch actuated. ENGLISH
ENGLISH With the the from through the to cutting, the with the turning the of The of turning the The with as the The mounted to the of the The of the the the to Rip as the It mounted the the front of the the the and shifted: thick thin when the Assembly of the or the of tested and the to operation! the with these tions. only the as follow the instructions exactly the to the and operated. If the following the assembly the instructions each the each assembly Hex. wrench Hex. wrench Hex. wrench Wrench Wrench Wrench screwdriver assembly Item Qty. Table top with head screw M8 M8 Stanchion, Stanchion, top of or to the Attaching the four to the of the corners: head screws from the from the screw the the front and the of the the the and each other; head screws from the from the screw Screwing the with each other: head screws from the of the top; from the other the this of the With the of another the and Mounting the switch Item Qty. head screw M8 M8 the switch plate with each head screws and to the front The switch buttons to the right-hand
with to the the and Riving the lowered beneath the top's to operation the therefore to the to the its to the The the peripheral and the The least the the as the If necessary, the the turn. of the to the Tighten the and fectly Turning the four head screws the below the clockwise to the right. Turning the four head screws the below the counter-clockwise to the the Turn the countersunk screw counter-clockwise the the Item Qty. Suction hose Hose the of the suction hose the suction other of the suction hose to the the chipcase. the hose with the to the rear, to the To the screws of the right-hand and with the hose the suction hose the hose the the to chapter "Operation"). assembly Item Qty. Mounting head screw M8 Serrated washer Washer M8 screw M8 M6 the the as trated. mounting head screw and rated washer to both of the with mounting to front and of the top: each head screws with washers throught the from the ENGLISH
ENGLISH from the screw exactly with the top's screws of mounting and the the with washer and screw the each and washers the of the the the of the the the of the Table Item Qty. thin M12 head screw M6 M6 Hex. head screw M8 Washer M8 head screw M6 the as illustrated. Screw thin the the rear with the to the top's Screw another thin the from to to the top. head screw from the through the and the the to the top, the of the higher than the top's the the thin the the exactly with the of the top. the thin each other. with each head screw washer and to the the the the the of the If required, each with each head screw and the head screws and of the Accessory Item Qty. head screw M6 M6 assembly head screws as the and assembly wrench to the right front Turn each the head screws head screws the the front of the and with another
the other head screws to the right-hand of the right front only. only the following "Technical specifications"): properly earthed and tested. Three-phase with wire. and to the and shown the rating Protection shock (RCD) of protection of the (house service with Electricity or whether house service these supply with the and Protect supply from heat, and only with cross-sec- tion "Technical specifications"). to the of tion! (three-phase only) the phase the the This to the when to The of therefore every the connected to another of incorrect of rotation, the of the outlet the and of its assembled, to the supply. and switch OFF ately. the of from the of the The clockwise. If the rotates counter- clockwise, the the the supply the firm, there to upright the to the the assembled and the bore the and the with the and to the of This only operated Other only to the the of feeding or to that the following and ON/OFF switch feeding and protection hearing protection; operating the front of the front of the to the of the of when with the other to the If the type of the following: otherwise would off the typical to the the its of the the and of the and containing of caught the to which cords, or wires or which such of ash) when inhaled. when The the following hoses the outer of the of of s. The located the assembly and the the operating instructions as ENGLISH
ENGLISH without only to of with If the the otherwise and the To the both the of the slightly. to the the of of the or the caught the the of with the The height to the the height of the the with its front the the of turning the the To the height the to the the of the or the caught the the of with the The and turn. with the the the with the with the the used. the to the height: thick thin The from top the the front of the and with the the the and than the height of the The with its front the and Switch off further to immediately wards. with the the top. to and that the to
ENGLISH The least to the of the height of the and Switch off further to immediately and tricks to of the such that or board the with the such as or (optional of the top and resin with cleaning and (optional accessory). and to servicing: switch OFF; to that each service. and other than this section should only Directly the burning cool the with bustible of with the Wear when the of rotation! Turn the head screw of the clockwise and the with (L.H. thread!). with to counter. and from the Clean of and cleaning to resin that the light of the the of the would affected. fresh of rotation!). when or from force. of high (HSS or HS); with cut-off wheel Mount reducing the to mounted such that they or of and operation. (the the of the Screw back the (L.H. thread!) and outer with to counter. wrench. the wrench. the tightened, installation! the Turn the countersunk screw counter-clockwise the Cleaning the height and the of the height from the top. Clean with or Apply light of and and the that unauthor- and or
ENGLISH switching ON of and switching OFF to the than seconds; the Monthly and with or apply light of to threaded and of and Every hours of screwed necessary. Repairs Repairs to only! of to the service of try. to the the Please of the to the Transportation Dismount If the following back cover easy of C right Table with Suction to to the and to resin and CV and board. CV smooth and board. TCT and RS RS RS protection The cled. Worn and amounts of and which These instructions rine-free bleached Trouble shooting carrying service or switch OFF; to to that each service. relay tripped switch outlet and overheated, or build-up the overheating, then too or with section supply of performance (possibly chapter and Chip build-up the or of connected chapter "Operation"): or increase suction capacity. plate of closed: Height of of height and with and and
Technical protection of protection IP IP IP IP input capacity (outer) Arbor bore of with height Sound to DIN when Sound to DIN when C section of of of The stated the this Whether the to wear hearing tion This reaches the ear of the this, other things, the existing (such as other of by). though explicitly required, to hearing protection when operating this TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P S6 S6 S6 S6 S1 S1 S1 S1 (A) (A) (A) (A) ENGLISH
Instructions FRANAIS FRANAIS "marche-arrt" induction
Table Instructions Instructions instructions Installation...................................33 Sciage Sciage Protection instructions toute instructions tions service. service tructions location instructions Instructions massif, Toute Instructions instructions tout instructions instructions tion relatives tion FRANAIS inconfortable. service tout formation tout tout marche
FRANAIS hors service fines tranchan- (clous marche, rotatives manches protection protection protection. bois d'inhalation, (bois cer. instructions. EN instructions service, protection Toutes toutes protection service tions Informations Coin tection
Un marche Toutes Construction "marche-arrt" marche appuyer appuyer rouge marche, tion FRANAIS plates confor- instructions. tions toute instructions AVANT
FRANAIS Tournevis Table M8 M8 ton fond. fond. M8 M8 boulons tranchan- service "KEPS" "KEPS". Tourner Tourner Tourner
protection Accrocher protection M8 M8 M8 Profil M6 fond. FRANAIS M12 M6 M6 M8 M8 M6
FRANAIS toutes M6 M6 bois Tension service brancher indications Protection FI Protection protection A. tion rallonge caoutchouc section
fiche phases, aboutir toute rotation. incorrecte, tous marche "marche-arrt" protection protection protection. fonction tomber coup. L'inhalation FRANAIS tection tion protection instructions tion tion tion tection. protection fond.
FRANAIS s'appuyer Sciage tion. marche. tion. type.
tout hors fiche service tous Tourner tour rotation) force (HSS HS) FRANAIS Tourner fixation fond. fixation tous Tourner
FRANAIS protection. marche marche Toutes fonction- toutes service chariot Chariot C Table tion conserver CV CV bois HM tous bois. RS RS RS Protection recyclable instructions blanchi hors fiche intervention, service tous marche. section taches protection tion. tection protection
Tension 230V 230V 400V 400V Protection action action action action protection IP IP IP IP tout) DIN DIN C protection respectives protection TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P S6 S6 S6 S6 S1 S1 S1 S1 (A) (A) (A) (A) FRANAIS
ITALIANO ITALIANO
Comandi tecniche...........49 o che, o fornire anche o antinfortunistiche tocchi Non tecniche". Non Non o Non ITALIANO
ITALIANO Non anche Non o affilate. Non o Assicurare larghe; EN fornite o o Non o o Uno
formato Un Comandi tore o Non anche Chiave Chiave Chiave Chiave Chiave ITALIANO
ITALIANO Chiave Chiave M8 M8 o M8 M8 orli fornitura Allineare Tubo
M8 M8 M8 M6 fis- Allineare M12 M6 M6 M8 M8 M6 ITALIANO
ITALIANO M6 M6 foro anche tecniche"): Prese teristiche A. informarsi tecniche"). Non
o Non Non Non o anche o o ITALIANO
ITALIANO basso o o o o Non anche
Non o Non o (HSS o HS); Non Non Non Non o o ore ITALIANO
ITALIANO C CV CV HM RS RS RS anch'essi assicurarsi o o
230V 230V 400V 400V IP IP IP IP foro DIN DIN C TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P S6 S6 S6 S6 S1 S1 S1 S1 (A) (A) (A) (A) ITALIANO
ESPAOL ESPAOL Tope resis- Tope
Indice red........................56 tope tope informe o chas o o o hace. o profesional. o o o ESPAOL
ESPAOL incluso herra- o o o red). o EN usted o o o o o o sean tope
plancha Un fin Topes topes Tope Tope tope tope tope tope tope tope tope tope o antes ESPAOL
ESPAOL Tornillo M8 M8 o tornillos interior, ancho tornillos Atornille tornillos Tornillo M8 M8 tornillos botones tornillos antihorario tornillos tornillo tope,
Atornille Enganche Conecte boca tope Tornillo M8 M8 Tornillo M8 tope, M6 tornillos interior, tornillo tope tope tope tope M12 Tornillo M6 M6 Tornillo M8 M8 Tornillo M6 Conecte ESPAOL
ESPAOL tornillo tornillo Enganchar tornillo tornillos Tornillo M6 M6 tornillos tornillo tornillo A. o fases,
Conecte o o o boca boca boca s. bocas tora ESPAOL
ESPAOL fin tope tope tope tope tope tope tope tope tope o
red. o bustibles. incluso tornillo horario tornillo restringirse o (HSS HS); tornillo tornillo tor- tornillo tope, Ahora o ESPAOL
ESPAOL o (tope, tareas C CV planchas CV planchas HM Universal RS RS RS red. o o tora o o tora
IP IP IP IP (interior) anchura anchura DIN DIN C incluso TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P TKHS E/P S6 S6 S6 S6 S1 S1 S1 S1 (A) (A) (A) (A) ESPAOL
C
U4BA_EB2.fm ZINDEL