FULL HD LCD TV of the instructions this TV and the reference. Instruction ELGFW601
Instructions these instructions the and operating instructions should this operated. these instructions The and operating instructions should retained reference. the and the operating instructions should to. Follow instructions operating and instructions should followed. this The should or or and the only with cloth. with the instructions. heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or with than the other. grounding and third grounding The or the third If the of the Protect the from or pinched the and the where they from the attachments/accessories specified the only with the or specified the or with the or used, when the to from the or when of servicing to Servicing when the such as supply or or the to or normally, or Please the WARNING To reduce the of fire or shock, this to or The to or splashing and that with such as WARNING: The as the readily WARNING: The to heat such as sunshine, fire or the This with arrowhead within to the to the of non-insulated within the that of to of shock. Warning: To reduce the of shock, cover (or back) as there -serviceable servicing to The within to the to the of operating and instructions the accompanying the The should connected to outlet with protective grounding
Information Whats Included Started Rear TV Wall Connecting to Devices. Remote Functions Select Preference the Choosing TV Selecting Source USB operation Troubleshooting FCC Specifications
The within to the to the of operating and (servicing) instructions the accompanying the The with arrowhead within to the to the of within the products that of to of shock to the
Information To and operation of this please the instructions this the information below. The TV should connected to supply with that matches the the of the To the supply with too other connecting wires where they or tripped heavy items them, which the leads. the the wires, when from thunderstorm or when using the off the switch the back of the allow or to the TV or NOT areas, such as bathrooms, steamy or the immediately, and professional the or the to or the or the normally. the covers. There serviceable Trying to service the and the warranty. Qualified service this To from the or when or throw fire. Physical the back cover. You the TV least clearance around. or the TV or the of the To the TV cloth. or based heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or grounding-type with then the other. grounding type and third grounding the or the third If the of the Protect the from or pinched the or when servicing to service Servicing when the such as power-supply or or the to or normally, or Please to outlet with protective ground
Whats Included Unit and FULL HD LCD TV TV Remote with ELGFW601 warranty
USB HDMI 1/HDMI2/HDMI3 input. VGA input. PC input. input AV2 input S-VIDEO input and AV1 input. input VHF/UHF). RF IN
Connecting to Connecting to LCD TV S-VIDEO and VIDEO1 with R/L. RF IN
Remote Functions Sound MTS selection selection CH.LIST TV NEXT If there light around the TV, the or abnormally. If the of please the function to UP LEFT Stop Information Aspect ENTER RIGHT the OSD ADD FAV REPEAT EPG CC V-CHIP
Remote Functions REPEAT
Operations Turning TV On and TURN ON LCD TV to with the this the TV STANDBY and the LED red. From the STANDBY the POWER the or the to TURN OFF LCD TV From ON the POWER the or the to to STANDBY Select Preference If LCD TV the first should the which and information boxes. Press to to Press with the MENU to Press VOL to the If to switch the sound off, the MUTE Press to
the Press the MENU to the buttons to and the Choosing TV the CH+/CH- the front or the Press CH+ to increase the Press CH- to the the with the then OK to the Press then OK to Press then then OK to Press then then finally OK to
Selecting Source You the input SOURCE the or SOURCE the front to select, OK to confirm. Press the MENU the front or MENU the and then to the or OK to below). PICTURE Select the type of which to selecting the PICTURE You the directly the P.MODE the and then Press to the of the Brightness and then Press to the brightness of the and then Press to the of the and then Press to the of the Sharpness and then Press to the sharpness of the Press to Cool, Warm, Normal. Press and then to On or MEMC Press and then to Normal or
Press MENU the front or MENU the and then to the AUDIO or OK to below). Sound Press and then to and Press and then increase or the of the lower-pitched sounds. Press and then to increase or the of higher-pitched sounds. and then Press to the and right Surround Press to switch surround On or AVC Press to switch On or to automatically. SPDIF Press to PCM or RAW. Press to English, Spanish. Press the MENU the front or MENU the and then to the TIME or OK to below). Press and then to the or and then Press to the Eastern, or Daylight and then Press to the On or This function allow
Press the MENU the front or MENU the and then to the SETUP or OK to below). Press and then to English, or Transparency Press and then to or off the function. Press and then to the or Normal. Reduction Press and then to the reduction Advanced Press and then to the advanced selection Service1, Service2, Service3, Service4, Service or Service Closed Caption and then Press to to highlight the Caption then RIGHT to the following DLC and then Press to On or Select OK, and OK to the factory
Press the MENU the front or MENU the and then to the LOCK or OK to below). the DOWN to highlight the the to input then the the to NOTE: The factory DOWN to the then RIGHT to the following the and input to Allows to or off the lock.If off the then the following RRT and RRT) to US to highlight the then RIGHT to the following to highlight the then RIGHT to the following English LEFT and RIGHT buttons to E, C, C8+, G, PG, and LEFT and RIGHT to E, G, and RRT Table RRT Allows to the RRT
Press to the and then the to the If used, this option from appearing the TV. offers the of options and that or the that appear the TV. allows the user the of which rating they to the It and turned or off the who the the The of hours specified. and should both the memory. both TV and the motion industry; both rating should used, coverage. The based the of To coverage TV and TV shows) choose rating MPAA, from the selections below, as as from the TV below, using the option and to those, to from the and below. Things to which rating to the choose TV-PG, restrictive the to TV-PG, TV-14, or TV-MA rated to the entirely? the the such as VCR, connected to the TV input then choose allowable ratings. based such Sex or option. Select the option, the the the the the and rating selections, or off. the to active If or off with the On/Off option. You and both active the specifying such as Sex the that appears from the choose to the AUX the the that appears from the You the TV from hours to the specified disconnected. Information Motion Association of America (MPAA) offensive to PG such that their to the PG-13 Strongly with of offensive than PG Cautioned rated Restricted Not of and/or NC-17 Children age Not Core as NC-17 rating MPAA Not Rated TV TV-Y Young Children offensive to TV-Y7 Children and children TV-G TV-PG maycontain; Sex, and TV-14 Strongly Cautioned Sex, and TV-MA only, Sex, and English throughout English-speaking (C, C8+, G, PG, French (G, The V-Chip that restrictive. If TV-Y category, then TV-Y7 blocked. TV-G category, then the the (TV-G, TV-PG, TV-14, and TV-MA).
Press the MENU the front or and then to the CHANNEL Press or OK to below). Allows to and If input RIGHT to search the automatically. The automatically.When searching MENU to If Cableas input allows to STD, IRC and DOWN to highlight the to Scan, then RIGHT to search the automatically.The automatically. searching MENU to Scan to highlight the Scan then RIGHT to the following Allows to these which as the UP or DOWN to highlight the then RIGHT to the following UP and DOWN to highlight the then OK to or the highlighted as
Allows to or the UP or DOWN to highlight the then RIGHT to the following UP and DOWN to highlight the then OK to or the highlighted the of the of TV the of TV
USB operation Operation: Operation: JPEG OK
Troubleshooting If normally or please the following troubleshooting to the other connected such as or players to If the to normally, please technical to Warranty SYMPTOM POSSIBLE CAUSE REMEDY LED to the TV. to the AC Press the or the LED the Press INPUT to the Incorrect selected. If try the ghosting (TV) sound o o too leads connected that leads properly. used.
Troubleshooting the service technician, the following If the LCD TV and PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION sound and that the connected to outlet that the POWER the front of the TV the and the brightness LED light Press the POWER or the the Normal sound the Sound muted? Press the MUTE another the with the the properly? The to there the TV and causing obstruction with polarity Correct operating TV, VCR, off the the the appears switching This the muted the process. Please service the appeared or the option the and the VCR another the with the the VIDEO properly? function to the brightness of the or interference, such as or Press INPUT to reception Station or to another Station to reception of interference or the the of the from of the the option
Troubleshooting NOTE there VGA when VGA applied) PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION The of or whether the connected or the input or background, and the or clock, phase or H/V incorrect or the the PC Early malfunctions and cleaning the amount of with TV. to the off and the cleaning. Cleaning the to off cloth of and or the cloth and then to the the off the then the TV. Cleaning the To or the with cloth. Please to cloth. If to TV (such as vacation), to the to from or
The FCC Wants You To This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, or with the instructions, interference to tions. there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the increase the the and the receiver; the to outlet from that to which the connected; the or or the the authority to the shielded interface with the or specified or fined to with the of the they to with FCC DOC BETS-7 This Class with ICES-003. Specications o C o o 1080P o o o o C o o o Ratio Brightness o o o o fi (At CR>10) (At CR>10)
This or The of these of properly, the and health. of this the should of as and collected separately. that this of properly. To to properly of this please to www.elementelectronics.com and This TV incorporates High-Definition Interface (HDMI HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface or of HDMI Licensing LLC. TM