LCD HDTV of the instructions this TV and the reference. Instruction ELCFW261
Instructions these instructions the and operating instructions should this operated. these instructions The and operating instructions should retained reference. the and the operating instructions should Follow instructions operating and instructions should followed. this The should or or near and the only with cloth. with the instructions. heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or grounding with than the other. grounding and third grounding The or the third If the of the Protect the from or pinched the and the where they from the attachments/accessories the only with the or specified the or with the or used, when the to from the or when of servicing to Servicing when the such as supply or or the to or normally, or Please the WARNING To reduce the of fire or this to or The to or splashing and that with such as WARNING: The as the readily WARNING: The to heat such as sunshine, fire or the This with arrowhead within to the to the of non-insulated within the that of to of shock. Warning: To reduce the of shock, cover (or back) as there -serviceable servicing to The within to the to the of operating and instructions the accompanying the The should connected to outlet with protective grounding
Information Whats Included Started Rear TV Wall Mounting Connecting to Devices. Remote Functions Select Preference the Choosing TV Selecting Source TV Caption. PC USB Troubleshooting FCC Specifications
The within to the user to the of operating and (servicing) instructions the accompanying the The with arrowhead within to the to the of within the products that of to of shock to the
Information To and operation of this please the instructions this the information below. The TV should connected to supply with that matches the the of the To the supply with too other connecting wires where they or tripped heavy items them, which the leads. the the wires, when from thunderstorm or when the off the switch the back of the allow or to the TV or NOT areas, such as bathrooms, steamy or the immediately, and professional the or the to or the or the normally. the covers. There user serviceable Trying to service the and the warranty. Qualified service this To from the or when or throw fire. Physical the back cover. You the TV least clearance around. or the TV or the internal of the To the TV cloth. or based near heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or grounding-type with then the other. grounding type and third grounding the or the third If the of the Protect the from or pinched the or when servicing to service Servicing when the such as power-supply or or the to or normally, or Please to with protective ground
Whats Included Unit and LCD HDTV warranty TV with ELCFW261
USB HDMI 1/HDMI2/HDMI3 input. VGA input. S-VIDEO input. input AV1/AV2 input. PC input. Headphone input VHF/UHF).
Connecting to Connecting to LCD TV
Functions Sound MTS buttons selection UP Information selection NEXT CH.LIST RED If there light around the TV, the or abnormally. If the of please the batteries. Remote function to LEFT Stop FAV EPG CC V-CHIP MMP TV ENTER RIGHT the OSD Aspect ADD
Functions
TV(When The Only) Turn TV, Please OK to the 2.Please 3.Please 4.Please and Press OK
Operations Turning TV On and TURN ON LCD TV to with the this the TV STANDBY and the LED red. From the STANDBY the POWER the or the to TURN OFF LCD TV From ON the POWER the or the to to STANDBY Select Preference If LCD TV the first should the which and information boxes. Press MENU to the Press repeatedly to the SETUP OK or to right). Select OSD LANGUAGE Press to with choice, the MENU to Press VOL to the If to switch the sound off, the MUTE Press to
the Press the MENU to the buttons to and the Choosing TV the CH /CH the front or the Press CH to increase the Press CH to the the with the then OK to the Press then OK to Press then then OK to Press then then finally OK to
Selecting Source You the input SOURCE the or SOURCE the front to select, OK to confirm. Press the MENU the front or MENU the and then to the or OK to below). Select the type of which to selecting the VIDEO You the directly the P.MODE the Brightness and then Press to the of the and then Press to the of the and then Press to the of the Sharpness and then Press to the sharpness of the Press OK to the Press to Cool, Then to R DNR and then Press to the Reduction of the to what to the Press OK or to to the hint below) with MENU to TV AV1 AV2 S-VIDEO YPBPR1 YPBPR2 VGA HDMI1 HDMI2 HDMI3 USB
Press MENU the front or MENU the and then to the AUDIO or OK to below). You the type of sound which to selecting Sound AUDIO and then Press to the and right and then Press increase or the of the lower-pitched sounds. and then Press to increase or the of higher-pitched sounds Sound Press to of the options: Concert, Surround Sound Press to switch Surround Sound On or SPDIF Press to PCM, OFF or RAW Press to switch On or to automatically. TV Press the MENU the front or MENU the and then to the TV or OK to below). Select the input or Scan Select Scan OK to the Press MENU to or the the of the to the to the option to the Press OK or to to the hints below) with MENU to This function allow to the option to the TV Press OK or to the function. MENU to
Select OK to the Press to the then OK. Press the MENU the front or MENU the and then to the or OK to below). OSD To of the OSD OSD Transparency Press to the High or Select: Press OK to the To To and off Press OK to to the To the To the or hour Caption Press OK and OK to the factory to the option to the Press OK or to to the hint below). with MENU to
Caption Select Caption OK to the below) Closed Caption Press to CC1/CC2/CC3/CC4/TEXT1/TEXT2/TEXT3/TEXT4, or Closed Caption Press to Service1/Service2/Service3/Service4/Service5/Service6, or Caption This item allows to the closed OK to Caption Caption to Broadcaster or Broadcaster, other options and Font to or Font Color: to Red/Green/Blue/Yellow/Magenta/Cyan/Black or White. Font Opacity: to or Background Color: to Black/White/Red/Green/Blue/Yellow/Magenta/ or Background Opacity: to or Color: to Black/White/Red/Green/Blue/Yellow/Magenta/ or Opacity: to or
PC to the TV VGA C the to VGA, then MENU and VGA Press OK to PC VGA o itis o o o o o itis o o o o o Manually Manually Manually Manually o itis o o itis o o o o itis o o o o o o o C
Press the MENU the front or and then to the Press or OK to below). Press to U.S. TV Press OK to and and to select, and OK to confirm. U.S. Ratings: Press OK to and to select, and OK to confirm. English Press OK to and to select, and OK to Press OK to and to select, and OK to V-Chip Select V-Chip Press OK to and item US Press OK to the V-Chip below). The factory to the OK to the and the Press MENU to Clean Select Clean Press OK and OK to to the factory You OK to to select, OK to
Press to the and then the to the If used, this option from appearing the TV. offers the user of options and that or the that appear the TV. allows the the of which rating they to the It and turned or off the who the the The of hours specified. and should both the memory. specified both TV and the motion industry; both rating should used, coverage. The ratings based the of To TV and TV shows) choose rating MPAA, from the selections below, as as from the TV below, the option and to those, to from the and below. Things to which rating to the choose TV-PG, restrictive the to TV-PG, TV-14, or TV-MA rated to the entirely? the the such as VCR, connected to the TV input then choose allowable ratings. based such Sex or option. the option, using the the the the the and rating or off. the to active If or off with the On/Off option. You and both active the specifying such as Sex the that appears from the choose to the AUX the specify the that appears from the You the TV from hours to the specified disconnected. Information Motion Association of America (MPAA) offensive to PG such that their to the PG-13 with of offensive than PG Cautioned rated Restricted of and/or NC-17 Children age Not children Core as NC-17 rating MPAA Not Rated TV TV-Y Children offensive to TV-Y7 Children and TV-G TV-PG Sex, and TV-14 Strongly Cautioned Sex, and TV-MA only, Sex, and English throughout English-speaking (C, C8+, G, PG, French (G, The V-Chip that restrictive. If TV-Y then TV-Y7 TV-G then the the (TV-G, TV-PG, TV-14, and TV-MA).
USB OK
Troubleshooting If normally or please the following troubleshooting to the other such as or players to If the to normally, please technical to Warranty SYMPTOM POSSIBLE CAUSE REMEDY LED to the TV. to the AC Press the or the Dead. LED the Press INPUT to the Incorrect selected. If using the ghosting (TV) sound o o too leads connected that leads connected properly. used.
Troubleshooting contacting the service technician, the following If the LCD TV and PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION sound and that the connected to outlet that the POWER the front of the TV the and the LED light Press the POWER or the the Normal sound the Sound muted? Press the MUTE another the with the the properly? The to there the TV and causing with polarity operating TV, VCR, off the the the appears switching This the muted the process. Please service the appeared or the option the and the VCR another the with the the VIDEO properly? function to the brightness of the or interference, such as or Press INPUT to reception Station or to another Station to reception of interference or the the of the from of the the option
Troubleshooting NOTE there VGA when VGA applied) PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION The of or whether the connected or the input or background, and the or clock, phase or H/V incorrect or the the PC Early malfunctions and cleaning the amount of with TV. to the off and the cleaning. Cleaning the to off cloth of and or Wring the cloth and then to the the off the then the TV. Cleaning the To or the with cloth. Please to cloth. If to TV (such as vacation), to the to from or
The FCC Wants You To This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, or with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the increase the the and the receiver; the to from that to which the connected; the or technician or the the authority to the Where shielded with the or specified or fined to with the of the they to with FCC DOC BETS-7 This Class with ICES-003. Specications o C o o o o o o C o o o Ratio Brightness o o o o fi (At CR>10) (At CR>10)
This or The of these of properly, the and health. of this the it should of as and collected that this of properly. To to properly of this please to www.elementelectronics.com and This TV incorporates High-Definition Interface (HDMI HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface or of HDMI Licensing LLC. TM