USER MANUAL FOR MODEL GC-920/921/922/940
INDEX Introduction functions The and To Charge Connecting to PC The Record SYS FM Text AMV Converter AMV Converter AMV FCC
Congratulations! GC-920(GC-940) and Clock, recorder, and Increase players anytime SD memory whats of Accessories: USB earphone CD This Functions LCD Supports MP3,WMA rechargeable Lithium Supports SD to 2GB Supports AMV to Supports JPEG,BMP and GIF photo Microphone, FM Supports WIN98SE/2000/XP/VISTA operating USB High Supports Playback Please charge the first the USB to to the USB of to charge the
Please this to the performance from Please this reference. The and and the or off upwards to SD Memory Headphone USB (RESET) To to factory straightened or Press to or or and to to other functions Press and to to
EQ Press to while Direction UP to increase DOWN to LEFT to item the RIGHT to the previous item the or the or To Charge charge Charge the hours the Charge from the USB of PC Turn PC, and the PC while USB while appears, charge as as To charge the the USB the
the On the right of the the Click the and the (MP4) and then This the MP4 as and charge the functions Turn the to SYS and option to the then M to selection. the or to SYS and option. UP and DOWN buttons to and boxes, and buttons to the and Press M to the or the FM the when the acts as FM the the to FM and Press buttons and to the or and the buttons to the Press M and SAVE to the Connecting to the PC: The to PC the USB the
as USB when connecting to the PC. You the from the to the PC or The only as USB when to the PC. You switch to other operating turning ON the The to the directly the the The the PHOTO of the the MP3 played the MUSIC of the player,and The connected to the PC, the USB from the PC the to charge the player You the option to increase the memory SD This MP4 to 2GB the MINI SD without (with the of the as the and slightly the the of the the this the the Removing: Slightly the MINI SD and back, then Please and operation when off! to the or to the within the The and function
There function Turn ON the to Record SYS FM Text USB
Press to or and to to This other EQ Press to while Direction UP to increase DOWN to RIGHT to item the LEFT to the previous item the or the or Press M to to UP/DOWN to the to to or to the selected or the EQ to and Press and M to to Press M to to UP/DOWN to the to to or to or the
Record Press M to to Recording Press O to recording, O to or to recording. Press and M to to The recorded (to the recorded Press M to to UP/DOWN to the to to previous or recorded to or to the played Press M to to the photo to to previous or Press O to the selected photo, O to to photo SYS Press M to to to to or item Press M to to the of selected M to to
the and when recorded REC the recording the of (second) when Backlight without LCD which the off Replay Replay option specially function Memory info. memory capacity and that firmware firmware from interface FM Press M to to UP DOWN to the Press buttons and to the or and the buttons to the Press M and SAVE to the
the when the earbugs acts as FM the Text Press M to the text to to previous or text Press O to the selected text O to to text AMV Converter The AMV software the CD and the There software these software the PC. the the Follow the instructions the and once completed. Notice: More operating instructions of each software the of the or
AMV Converter This allows to type of AMV to and player. the MP4 player that the AMV they then the AMV software to them the this software the option to the MP4 as the output which the to this please follow these Click the to search the to AMV. Click the to the directory which the converted to once completed (You the MP4 from which then the player) If choose to to then and the MP4 Once selected the and the which then the
AMV This PC-based Click the to the to the this AMV then the This allows to the memory and encrypted the to
This allows to and this to or the player.
and to the player and the as this warranty. cleaning the please cloth. the to sunlight of the to or of this fire. Battery this or as the easily scratched. the the off to the charge. This Lithium battery. the please charge the the USB to to the USB of
of this household authority of recycling FCC PART STATEMENT This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. Warning: or to this the the authority to the NOTE: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this
interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or or free website:www.elementelectronics.com
YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY LLC warrants to the purchaser of this that should the or thereof or workmanship within year from the of purchase,such or repaired without charge or This warranty apply to indirect or The warranty apply to or that or This warranty of other warranties, or and authorized to other with the of this