HD LED TV of the instructions this TV and the reference. Instruction ELEFW193
Instructions these instructions the and operating instructions should this operated. these instructions The and operating instructions should retained reference. the and the operating instructions should to. Follow instructions operating and instructions should followed. this The should or or near and the only with cloth. with the instructions. heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or grounding with than the other. grounding and third grounding The or the third If the of the Protect the from or pinched the and the where they from the attachments/accessories specified the with the or the or with the or used, when the to from the or when of servicing to Servicing when the such as supply or or the to or normally, or Please the well-ventilated WARNING To reduce the of fire or shock, this to or The exposed to or splashing and that with such as WARNING: The as the readily WARNING: The to heat such as sunshine, fire or the This with arrowhead within to the to the of non-insulated within the that of to of shock. Warning: To reduce the of shock, (or back) as there -serviceable servicing to The within to the to the of operating and instructions the accompanying the The should connected to outlet with protective grounding
Information Whats Included Started Rear Wall Connecting to Devices. Remote Functions Select Preference the Choosing TV Selecting Source USB operation Troubleshooting FCC Specifications
The within to the user to the of operating and (servicing) instructions the accompanying the The with arrowhead within to the user to the of within the products that of to of shock to the
Information To and operation of this please the instructions this the information below. The TV should connected to with that matches the the of the To the supply with too other connecting wires where they or tripped heavy items them, which the leads. the the wires, when from thunderstorm or when the off the switch the back of the allow or to the TV or NOT areas, such as bathrooms, steamy or the immediately, and professional the or the exposed to or the or the normally. the covers. There serviceable Trying to service the and the warranty. Qualified service this To from the or when or throw fire. Physical the back cover. You the TV least clearance around. or the TV or the internal of the To the TV cloth. or based heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or grounding-type with then the other. grounding type and third grounding the or the third If the of the Protect the from or pinched the or when servicing to service Servicing when the such as power-supply or or the to or normally, or Please to outlet with protective ground
Whats Included Unit and warranty TV ELEFW193 Remote with
the Touch-Control lightly of the shown to the the light While the the the flash acknowledgement. NOTE: Touch the the You to apply light to the the front
Connecting to
Remote Functions buttons Sound MTS selection selection CH.LIST the OSD TV NEXT If there light around the TV, the or abnormally. If using the of please the batteries. Remote function to UP LEFT Stop Information Aspect ENTER RIGHT ADD FAV REPEAT EPG CC V-CHIP
Functions REPEAT
Operations Turning TV On and TURN ON LED TV to with the this the TV STANDBY and the LED red. From the STANDBY the POWER the or the to TURN OFF LED TV From ON the POWER the or the to to STANDBY SETUP WIZARD If turning LED TV the first the following below. Please or to Select to efficiency. Please the This the of would to At this to the and the this ,the possibly the of the Press to confirm.
If the and the the ENERGY STAR of power-saving issued the U.S. Protection Agency(EPA). ENERGY STAR of the U.S. Protection Agency and the U.S. of money and the through products and Select Preference Select the which and information boxes. Scan Select Press to to Press with choice, the MENU to Press VOL to the If to switch the sound off, the MUTE Press to English AUTO
the Press the MENU to the buttons to and the Scan Show/Hide DTV Choosing TV the CH+/CH- the front or the Press CH+ to increase the Press CH- to the the with the then OK to the Press then OK to Press then then OK to Press then then finally OK to Brightness Sharpness Normal On Select Select Select AUTO Sound Surround Sound On SPDIF RAW English Select Daylight English Transparency Reduction Advanced Closed Caption DLC On Select Select
Selecting Source You the input SOURCE the or SOURCE the front to select, OK to confirm. Press the MENU the front or MENU the and then to the or OK to below). PICTURE Select the type of which to selecting the PICTURE You the directly the P.MODE the and then Press to the of the Brightness and then Press to the brightness of the and then Press to the of the and then Press to the of the Sharpness and then Press to the sharpness of the Press to Cool, Warm, Normal. Press and then to On or INPUT SOURCE TV AV HDMI1 HDMI2 VGA USB Brightness Sharpness On Normal Select
Press MENU the front or MENU the and then to the AUDIO or OK to below). Sound Press and then to and Press and then increase or the of the lower-pitched sounds. Press and then to increase or the of higher-pitched sounds. and then Press to the and right Surround Sound Press to switch surround sound On or Press to switch On or to automatically. SPDIF Press to PCM or RAW. Press to English, Spanish. Press the MENU the front or MENU the and then to the TIME or OK to below). Press and then to the or and then Press to the Eastern, or Daylight and then Press to the daylight On or This function allow Sound Surround Sound SPDIF Daylight On RAW English Select Select
Press the MENU the front or MENU the and then to the SETUP or OK to below). Press and then to English, or Transparency Press and then to or off the function. Press and then to the or Normal. Reduction Press and then to the reduction OPTION Press and then to the following Press and then to select. DLC and then Press to On or and then Press to and Select OK, and to the factory Transparency Reduction Advanced Closed Caption DLC On H-POS V-POS Clock Phase CC Selection Advanced Selection Option Font Font Font Edge Font Edge FG BG FG Opacity BG Opacity Select English Select CC1 Service1 Select Custom Select
Press the MENU the front or MENU the and then to the LOCK or OK to below). the DOWN to highlight the the to input then the the to NOTE: The factory DOWN to the then RIGHT to the following the and input to to or off the lock.If turn off the then the following RRT and RRT) to US to highlight the then RIGHT to the following to highlight the then RIGHT to the following English LEFT and RIGHT buttons to E, C, C8+, G, PG, and French LEFT and RIGHT buttons to E, G, and RRT Table RRT Allows to the RRT Select US RRT RRT Clear Next New Confirm English French Select
Press to the and then the to the If used, this option from appearing the TV. offers the of options and that or the that appear the TV. allows the the of which rating they to the It and turned or off the who the the The of hours specified. and should both the memory. specified both TV and the motion industry; both rating should used, coverage. The based the of To coverage TV and TV shows) choose rating MPAA, from the selections below, as as from the TV below, the option and to those, to from the and below. Things to which rating to the choose TV-PG, restrictive the to TV-PG, TV-14, or TV-MA rated to the entirely? the the such as VCR, connected to the TV input then choose allowable ratings. based such Sex or option. Select the option, using the the the the the and rating or off. the to active If turn or off with the On/Off option. You and both active the Simply specifying such as Sex the that appears from the choose to the AUX the the that appears from the You the TV from hours to the specified disconnected. Information Motion Association of America (MPAA) offensive to PG such that their to the PG-13 with greater of offensive than PG Cautioned rated Restricted Not of and/or NC-17 Children Not Core as NC-17 rating MPAA Not Rated TV TV-Y Children offensive to TV-Y7 Children and children TV-G children TV-PG Sex, and TV-14 Strongly Cautioned Sex, and TV-MA only, Sex, and English throughout English-speaking (C, C8+, G, PG, French (G, The V-Chip that restrictive. If TV-Y then TV-Y7 TV-G then the the (TV-G, TV-PG, TV-14, and TV-MA).
Press the MENU the front or and then to the CHANNEL Press or OK to below). Allows to and If input RIGHT to search the automatically. The automatically.When searching MENU to If Cableas input allows to STD, IRC and DOWN to highlight the to Scan, then RIGHT to search the automatically.The automatically. searching MENU to Scan to highlight the Scan then RIGHT to the following Allows to these which as the UP or DOWN to highlight the then RIGHT to the following UP and DOWN to highlight the then OK to or the highlighted as Scan Show/Hide DTV to Scan Select AUTO Select RF CH Next
Allows to or the UP or DOWN to highlight the then RIGHT to the following UP and DOWN to highlight the then OK to or the highlighted the of the of DTV the of DTV KOCE-HD KOCE-SD KOCE-LB PressOKChange
USB operation Operation: selected with buttons. Operation: JPEG C:\MP3\ C: GB Unused GB C:\PICTURE\ C: GB Unused GB USB Title: Select USB 229.0KB Select
Troubleshooting If normally or please the following troubleshooting to the other connected such as or players to If the to normally, please technical to Warranty SYMPTOM POSSIBLE CAUSE REMEDY LED to the TV. to the AC Press the or the LED the Press INPUT to the Incorrect selected. If using the ghosting (TV) sound o o too leads connected that leads connected properly. used.
Troubleshooting contacting the service technician, the following If the LED TV and PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION sound and that the connected to outlet that the POWER the front of the TV the and the brightness LED light Press the POWER or the the Normal sound the Sound muted? Press the MUTE another the with the the properly? The to there the TV and causing with polarity Correct operating TV, VCR, off the the the appears switching This the muted the process. Please service the appeared or the option the and the VCR another the with the the VIDEO properly? function to the of the or interference, such as or Press INPUT to reception Station or to another Station to reception of interference or the the of the from of the the option
Troubleshooting NOTE there VGA when VGA applied) PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION The of or whether the connected or the input or background, and the or clock, phase or H/V incorrect or the the PC Early malfunctions prevented. and cleaning the amount of with TV. to the off and the cleaning. Cleaning the to off cloth of and or the cloth and then to the the off the then the TV. Cleaning the To or the with lint-free cloth. Please to cloth. If to TV (such as vacation), to the to from or
The FCC Wants You To This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, or with the instructions, interference to tions. there that interference installation. If this to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the increase the the and the receiver; the to outlet from that to which the connected; the or or the the authority to the Where shielded interface with the or specified or fined to with the of the they to with FCC DOC BETS-7 This Class with ICES-003. Specications o o o o o C o o o Ratio Brightness o o o fi (At CR>10) (At CR>10) NOTE: LED TV LED backlighting. o o o
This or The of these of properly, effects the and health. of this the should of as and collected consumer, that this of properly. To to properly of this please to www.elementelectronics.com and This TV incorporates High-Definition Interface (HDMI technology. HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface or of HDMI Licensing LLC. TM