Software LLC Street CA United States of America
of Chapter to Chapter Watching Watching the of the the Aspect Ratio of the the DVB Snapshots from the Chapter Chapter Sections Recordings Advanced Recording the Compacting Recording of the Chapter North America: New Sections through the the Searching
to Automatically Recording Remote New through the Searching Automatically Recording Chapter Preferences Preferences Recording Preferences Preferences Preferences Preferences Sound Preferences Advanced CDs QuickTime Exporting QuickTime Archive and Tricks Shortcuts Chapter Troubleshooting Downloading
Software Chapter Chapter This chapter to software and the first to This shows to and recording It covers and software and instructions the of This chapter instructions the software. instructions obtained directly from the
Software Software the the software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD-ROM and the where would to Applications to the where the and the The first through the and of software. You to Activation This with or to electronically. this to the software. the the and the appear.
Software Chapter to the following To Notification of Technical offers and to www.elgato.com/registration.html the information and the button.
Software Chapter Chapter The displays or Macintosh. This chapter to the Watching With or usually appears immediately started. played, fast-forwarded) using the Chapter The or using commands from the To or the TV or TV from the with inputs, from input there only MPEG Watching and/or other (To learn
Software Chapter to please Chapter The With products and or TV that the that TV often That there of related instead of NBC and hour weather. With this both the NBC weather and NBC the technical that of TV that the therefore with of them the DVB-T or ATSC usually and TV or high (HDTV) and and or the US, (ATSC) often
Software and weather). and these You from once (CBS and NBC), That would would the to the the of the section of the to the To TV the while select- TV from the You as as or TV timeshifted, recorded, of each other. Since there to other to the software Multifeed. Multifeeds that from If offers and and/or smartcards that to these the to the and then the choosing Please that to the location of which might fresh from to recordings these supported. Recordings to manually. This with products. the of the You the of the the right and it
Software Chapter The following pre-selected from the To Select from the or the To the or the To To To To the that the Aspect Ratio of the to choose the aspect Typical TV while If would to choose that from the This trying to or widescreen choices and of the to that without otherwise stretching or the the You the selecting from the You the and which the of the Chapter Select from the or Select from the or Normal from the or from the or
Software Chapter Closed the US known as These the hearing impaired, with features that To turn the of Closed to Closed the US and Captioning. that the PAL To to and the to to the that the the You the the the that the To to the or You the clicking the the whats found traditionally with TV. DVB interactive services that that those instead of or DVB that the DVB DVB-based To them, to You and track, Information about the displayed This displayed change, and Command-I the or the OK
Software Chapter the Pressing the the forces to seconds. You the Preferences information Please that the amount of information information title, typically broadcasts. Generally the amount of information the broadcaster. (XDS, DVB information, ATSC PSIP). Snapshots from the If to of the of -C, which the to the -C which from the active and
Software Chapter This chapter to the The to TV You the while or The and the the function of each of the buttons the that through the and shortcuts.
Software Information This displays the of the currently watched or recorded, the and the which the Clicking the and Click this to the which displays of the Recordings, Playlists, and the Chapter The this to switch and Click to to switch to Click this right facing to switch to the higher Click this facing to switch to the This of the the of the when the the of the and the of the when the the Click anywhere the to to of the recording; and to through the Click this to the the of recording the feed The timeshifted the Record Clicking this or recording the The highlighted recording. the manually recordings to hours). If to
Software Chapter please highlight the recording the Recording section of the the Info and the there. and and while recording. Once record- started, the cache flushed backwards the of the recording. Replay Clicking this the seconds and creating replay Clicking this while holding the Option the from the Clicking this fast-forward the seconds and This Clicking this while holding the Option Click this to the high Clicking this while the Option the motion. Click this to the high Clicking this while the Option the motion. this to the of the played. Click this to the sound, to back
Software Chapter Chapter This section the of the Sections The of from the the Recordings, and the and and Playlists to the There the top of the Info, Toast, New and Action which what selected, the choices accordingly. At the of the there with that to or You
Software Chapter those items from the with New or New At the right of the there to the and items the to the right, and they Recordings Each something to the the Recordings section of the New recordings indicated the recording process, there the and recording played, the of from that recording. The amount of recordings the to the Recordings section. Recordings While TV, recording the
Software the recording to the If recording from the then should as the information. displayed as Recording, with the and listed. You the information this recording, or the highlighting the and clicking the Info the manually recordings to hours). If to please the Info and the there. Recordings To recording, the and or highlight and the the top of the To about recording, or to its title or the recording and the Info To recording, and the or from the Action If the recording associated with repeating the repeating To search recordings, the Search field the top right
Software of the The become restrictive with each character Recordings Title, Duration, and To the Recordings section, of the the and the Click to the You the of the clicking the and then to the or right. To recording to Toast, and then the Toast You from the Recordings section, to the section of Toast or Finally, Toast the command. To recording to the and then the That to MPEG-4 and the item to playlist the Library. The of the the amount of recordings, and their Clicking that information the amount of currently recordings. The Action which allows to the following to cordings: the of the highlighted recording. Permanently the recording from the Recordings section, and from the the this recording. Info the information associated with the recording. of the recording another other plications Highlight the that this recording, the with Toast the recording to Toast DVD). Each to recorded, manually or through the to the section of the
Software Chapter The amount of the to the section. To manually scheduled the section, the New the top of the and the Title, and Duration, Repeats and what or input (Where). You to its recording to Playlist, and to to the recording That to MPEG- and the item to the Library. To using the the section. This section information about information from or other location. Clicking the RECORD to to the to recorded. to the section of this chapter, and Chapter Once created, appear the section with of clock to The to the of the allows to or recordings; recording to to
Software Chapter To about recording, or to its title or the recording and the Info repeating recording, the clock red. the recording to to the Title, Duration, Where, Repeats and To the section, of the the and the Click to the You the of the clicking the and then to the or right. To search the Search field the top right of the The become restrictive with each character The Action which allows to the following to the of the highlighted Permanently the from the section, and from the Highlight the that this the
Software Chapter EyeTV-compatible built to The type and amount of what To to the process. This usually the located the If to the of the section there to Country and Service, and then to The and that service. If the Scan option using Once the appear the tion, Double-click the of to to that and the TV Service, EPG, and To the section, of the the and the Click to the You the of the clicking the and then to the or right.
Software Chapter To search the Search field the top right of the The become restrictive with each character The Action which allows to the following to the of the highlighted Clear Custom back to their Manually Allows to to choose the location. Assign EPG the over-the-air EPG information found with another Selected Activates allowing to selected TV. Selected Deactivates when using TV. Select TV that CAM to Select to that CAM to Select TV TV Select as DVB products.
Software Chapter built (EPG), that or recording. Information that gathered from and where If to that option the Action of the section. To the that option the Action of the section. You the section the (Chapter information that relates to EyeTV-compatible shown. DTT only DTT shown. To the the first information, those the US. Then, the and section then These with the such as or the meaning of each Grey
Software Sports Light News Childrens There representing (below, Dolby, TV, HDTV, Closed and Black and White. Click the title of to information about Click the to recording. It then appear the section. The Action which allows to the following to Download the information from services or OTA the information TV
Software Chapter At the of the there with that to and New ite from the Once to the items to from the section. If from the section to the Untitled the Action Items or without the section. to of to appear to the active You the or clicking its the activated, that TV. If active, then to from. To highlight and then the
Software Chapter board. There to Playlist At the of the there with that to and Playlist, which grouping of recordings. New from the Once to the items to from the Recordings section. If items from the Recordings section to the Untitled Playlist. the Action To Playlist, highlight and then the Each recordings to playlist. To highlight the section, choose the Info and then the At the of that Info
Software Chapter choose playlist. There to Playlists Recording of to Record scheduled recording to this to the Preferences to when Chapter Preferences From to Record The software to recordings to (this with OS or the scheduled recording to allow to this to the Preferences to when Chapter Preferences This should or CPU the the Preferences or that the to while TV Booting the to Record The software to recordings to (this with OS or the recording to allow to this to the Preferences to when Chapter Preferences the Preferences. This and other that the or USB buses. Please of the the scheduled recording the Recording the with the of four the scheduled
Software Chapter Chapter This chapter to built the The normally from To editing, record- the and the the the top right hand of the containing the below the
Software Chapter There of items the The the of the recording. Light sections the of The section the screenshot the currently selected The currently selected as QuickTime or recording. this the selected that Playhead: the which the currently (or the to and of the Remote and and Chapter Advanced Features, Shortcuts). Thumbnails: The top of the of the recording. There of the thumbnails. Normal selected, each the of as the the thumbnail the of of usually around which of of beneath the to the to (or that to from the recording. There recording. To the the of the beneath the Press this to of the Playhead with the recording when the closed. This allows to recording and To group, of the and the To clear the Clear the Action (which Arrow The arrow the functionality whether the or the the right and arrow to thumbnails. the closed, and the right arrow playback to the of the
Software Chapter The Action which allows to the following the Compact Permanently sections the section as as Recording the section as cording. Clear Permanently which sections and which to or within recording, offers the following to to the tion: the Playhead with to roughly to where to the to the to the to the This of that the that the playhead connected to the with This that the playhead to the the to the of Notice the playhead following the Click thumbnail to both the and playhead to or the arrow If the to then the thumbnail to the of the with the right to the of
Software Chapter Compacting Recording the Action there Compact command. Compacting recording the recording with recording, the proceeding with the compaction, of the operation displayed: If whether to with compacting, the the recording as QuickTime or burning DVD or CD. The exported, the recording archive. If to manually the playhead this tion, the marker-playhead To the marker-playhead the or right of the The head to that and the the lock.
Software Chapter of the of to from the of recording: the the Playhead to roughly to where to You or the using the to the to to the playhead to Press the This of that the that the playhead connected to the with This that the playhead to the the to the of Notice the playhead following the Click to both the and playhead to or the arrow If the to then the thumbnail to the of the right to the of Click the right Notice the playhead to the and to with the Click thumbnail to both the and playhead to or the arrow If the to then the thumbnail to the of Crop the and the of the playhead to the of the recording and right the right to the Then the playhead to the of the recording, and the to the of
Software Chapter of recording as the to or Click the that highlighted yellow, then choose from the Action Recording of recording as recording that the the to highlighted yellow, and then choose as Recording from the Action Recording off the first section of recording, and then choose from the Action and the first then the Invert from the Action would would highlight the section ported Shortcuts Right arrow to thumbnail to the right arrow to to the selects the Shift-tab selects the previous C the Compact F switches to N switches to Normal Normal and M
Software Chapter Chapter This chapter to to shows that and them to the of TV users North the of TV users built (EPG), that or recording. Information that gathered from and where information that relates to EyeTV-compatible shown. DTT DTT shown. To the the first information, the of those the US. Then, the and section then These with the such as or information about the built-in Remote If from or with then the or TVTV This to recordings, which of both services. the to
Software Chapter scheduled The following of these services, including their To the found the North with the TV service, to with information about the shows to or record, them You the clicking the the top of the selecting the or -G New The first to with as You to where cated and what type of TV service supply information about the to You as user the Sections Once there four sections to each with its right below the Command This account, with and from with to Actors and Shows. This the section of with of the
Software More about this the Account of the and they interact with PVR). things to exactly Community This things You other to or the PVR to about through the The the and service, located the on-screen This and choose, from hours). You to to channels/programs to the Its easy to through the the arrow buttons. Click these tons to previous to or following The to hours of displayed, from to the of You and whats to- or to Select and from the and To to the the Click the title to of that the offers of than other TV It easy to what through of the that to house selecting the top of the If isnt showing, then to Account The
Software Chapter following of each The that appears when or when the the top of the This displays the the broadcasts that currently Click the to the stations The stations this based regulations the FCC, and that or 30-foot to the Click the to the service to. The stations the the service that the first the If to service, clicking the Choose the Click the to the the service to. The stations the the service that the first the the If or clicking the Choose the Click the to the the service to. The stations the the service that the first the If service clicking the Choose the Searching the Search found the top right of the section. The Advanced Search allows to choose which to search and what to search with. You title, actor, of (comedy, educational, The of search including title, as as and of the displayed the
Software Chapter to Watch Clicking the Watch (located to currently information to which then cally to the associated Automatically Recording Record Clicking the Record (located every the and currently information to which then the to recorded. Remote Remote allows to information to from with access. To Remote with follow this Preferences section, and user and Preferences to and to Account Devices. the PVR Used the of the and then that PVR/Watch and
Software Chapter to the record- to and with the option. Then, with to to the To the
Software Chapter with of TV services, to with information about the shows to or to them You the clicking the the top of the selecting the or -G New The first to with as You to user and which and to and of The through the process. screenshots, showing choosing and country to this where to with
Software Chapter Next to account. Choose account and This to The shows the to
Software On of to and and other clicking the to back to the to the to account and Then the Then Next. showing when account
Software Congratulations! and through the There to of the to or Its easy to Press the to what shows throughout the each the Morning, and Night. The hour expanded, with of If to whats another that and displayed. the of You and whats tomorrow or to Select and the the top of the Click the title to of that the You the the top of the choices, or the that these News and Sport, and Music. You
Software Chapter Network or to On the of the which offers the following to through Choose from of the from Comedy to choices of the and of the that that through of types, and things to what three what information appears select- and deselecting from the the top of the with choose from News and Sport, and Networks. You using the the top of the Press the Selection to choice. Searching At the of the to search You title, actor, and (comedy, selecting Profi Search the and search). The of search, including the title, as as and of the
Software Automatically Recording Record shows title this If it to Pressing the Record information to the From there, the with Chapter Preferences that exactly the as they when they to Chapter Preferences
Software Preferences Chapter Chapter Preferences Preferences This chapter to the Preferences item to to You the Preferences clicking the and selecting or to There sections the Recording, Sound and Preferences when this to the when the to Macintosh. this to manually. If to from or the scheduled recordings, this Advanced Recording Features). TV this to TV win- whenever launched. If the of the
Software Chapter Preferences Automatically this to cally software If posted, then fied when information often the displayed. If the to appear then Recording Preferences Archive Location its recordings the Archive. If to that location, to physically to location, using the Then, to to this location. If the location, then created. TV amount of the Archive to The higher the amount of the the
Software Chapter Preferences used. 2000MB the which amounts of and the TV RAM Checking this ness, Macintoshes. Press TV to this Recordings This recorded with and You the and Preferences through the and right to and the footage. these seconds.
Software Chapter Preferences Preferences This where manually the service to Choose the US, and that service whenever the the or the Chapter The countrys service. choose of the choices. IceTV to and the Account and selected that service. to with the to worth of information. the option to Every or Manually
Software Preferences Remote You choose to This when tion, and to to Preferences the
Software Chapter Preferences the of the to allows the to stretched to than as as the least of the The to stretching. the TV and them together. Motion-Adaptive the when You to off to directly to TV through Scan advanced motion and the which significantly increase with this Sound Preferences sound when background this to sound or off when the background. sound the this to sound or off when the to the Choose Sound (recommended), and Sound with OS to or sound to the right while forces to causing other
Software Chapter Preferences including the Encoding and Specifics included the
Software Advanced Chapter Chapter Advanced Advanced This chapter to of the advanced features of integrated with Toast recording to easy to archive shows CD (VCD), CD (SVCD), or DVD. Toast built Browser. Select and items from the of recordings to Toast. To burn from within Toast: You highlight the recording, and then the Toast the top of the or choose Toast the command. CDs CDs, other QuickTime CDs DAT with AVSEQ01.DAT, MPEGAV directory. and these DAT or to them and them the the The CD once DAT To the CD, its the choose the Recordings section, and the recording to archive clicking once to highlight from the Recordings section of the to Toasts section. Then, what to (VCD, SVCD, DVD) Toast.
Software Chapter Advanced QuickTime back QuickTime with QuickTime the and then the wish, You AC3 QuickTime this Exporting QuickTime recorded to QuickTime other the following to recorded as You with following Format, of HD, DVD Toast, PSP (PlayStation and the with those applications. You choose the the and the recording to clicking once to highlight it Choose from the or from the Action (which
Software Chapter Advanced MPEG Stream The creating MPEG and intermixed). Toast. MPEG Stream and other DVD DV Creates DV that with Toast and other DV Creates DV that HD, or that QuickTime the aspect ratio correctly. HDV Creates High-Definition DV HD, or HD Recommended HDTV HDV Creates High-Definition DV HD, or HD Recommended HDTV QuickTime to QuickTime lected from the MPEG-4 MPEG-4 MPEG-4 to and streaming H.264 MPEG-4 using H.264 offering high ity 3G MPEG-4 using 3G Recommended back and such as AVI This choice downloaded the QuickTime. of MPEG-4, with high and age AAC Creates AAC that with and other Apple Creates Apple that with and other
Software Chapter Advanced Exporting To PSP (PlayStation footage to the PSP, the and or If footage the Aspect Ratio to and the footage appropriately. Highlight the recording to the Select from the Choose the PSP the The something to M4V50970.MP4, the PSP. the M4V and the .MP4 to another Memory cant the the .MP4 and the with the .THM Thats that the PSP. PSP to USB Turn the PSP and the buttons to to the the interface, which the section. Then, or USB option, and the You PSP to and Memory mounted the with the of Untitled the of Memory Stick, MP_ROOT. If the MP_ROOT there should 100MNV01. It .MP4 and its .THM the 100MNV01 If from Memory Stick, to the to clear that Unmount the Memory from the highlighting and then using Untitled from the On the PSP, the to from the USB the buttons to to the section, and then Memory Stick. choose thumbnail, and the to playback. Exporting To (5G, with footage to that the and or
Software Chapter Advanced The to highlight the recording to the and then the the top of the That the to MPEG-4 and to playlist within If the type, then of these the from the or Action The using H.264 The (recommended) MPEG-4 which to than H.264. The MPEG-4 higher which this as it the or TV QuickTime H.264 QuickTime or the specifics of each H.264 or or fps, MPEG-4 (recommended) MPEG-4 or or fps, MPEG-4 With EyeHome, recordings TV. It recordings to the MPEG Stream (MPEG-1, MPEG-2 or MPEG- and AVI those the directory. HDTV from or
Software Chapter Advanced Archive recordings and with other information about the Archive. The Archive which to Archive to You the wherever where to the Recording of the the of which Archive.xml the of the Archive, with other that to the Archives If recreated information about the this If this to Customer with troubleshooting. TV containing and of which the TV consisted. These and rewritten the of the Furthermore, the Archive recordings and contained within containing It and when recording If then the containing and with of the recording. to that cant clicking. To these right-click (or Option-click) and recording or the and with the and of the Archive. the to
Software Advanced You recordings from the Recordings section of the to the That of that recording, the that to wherever to another Archive. If the then double-clicking them and Tricks If and exciting to then please and Tricks Included there to that
Software Advanced Shortcuts the following shortcuts to playback of or The with the Apple Function Shortcut Key(s) R Record Stop O TV QuickTime W I Info E Normal OptionE (right arrow) (right arrow) once) Option- (right arrow) arrow) arrow) once) Option- arrow) (right arrow) Replay arrow) B To L To arrow) arrow) K G I Info
Software Chapter Advanced T V A/V C Snapshot to Snapshot to Option-0 Aspect Ratio: Option-1 Aspect Ratio: Option-2 Aspect Ratio: Option-3 Aspect Option-4 Aspect Ratio: Closed ControlShiftC Preferences
Software Troubleshooting Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting This chapter to troubleshoot Downloading Updates dedicated to releasing to the software that features and ity to as as fixing encountered. Please the often to the of software com/support/downloads.html To to troubleshooting information including the which Troubleshooting If troubleshooting, directly from web-based www.elgato.com/support/supportcontact.html Specialists back to as as Software AS