Introducing record, and archive high-quality, MPEG-2 the With interface and state-of-the-art MPEG-2 encoding, offers the of All-in-One: and Converter It allows to: the to the or forwarding recorded to or archive to DVD or to DVD players* Converter featured with MPEG-2 that allows to and TV and input to from or VCR. acts as of footage. You then the with software and DVD Toast. The of recording clear: to the and It to recordings, and the the
The Convert to with and or the software of with ease the as to to learn the of stand-alone The software easy to that of It to burn or the to archived that played DVD players.* to archived as easy as The recorded shows further or DVD If switch the optional (EPG) from easy to and the the weather or following and exciting to TV. Closed displayed the *Toast to or Watch and TV the NTSC TV and MPEG-2 that TV directly the MPEG-2 which the DVD and With to MPEG-1 to its with other or the With the on-screen options than TV. You the section fast This of as or records which the to within the includes its of and remotely, allowing to back and the from the
Record TV the records directly to the This allows to and shows to whenever More significantly, what shows to record. shows once, or You optional (EPG) from to easily catch options and to remotely the to Through searches, the of actor, title, or type of (sports, comedy, action) to exactly what and accordingly to allows to the when the shows or built-in that recorded to the to Its graphical easily where and and to and with Toast to DVD or This allows to archives of shows that anywhere DVD players. The to DVD who to VHS.
Technical Information connected... to or to such as VCR, or DVD Cinch (RCA) or to The and of features interface, to high-quality, MPEG-2 to and the the of high- than the of the USB peripheral with directly from the the supply or cords. supply MPEG-1 CD) MB hour with MPEG-2 SVCD and DVD) GB hour with NTSC QCIF to D1 to (MPEG-1) to (MPEG-2) GOP I, B, I, only
Sound to Width: Length: DVD Toast Stream Streams DV Stream DV Stream QuickTime AVI MPEG-4 3G
More Information about and products, www.elgato.com information, the following input and AC input the and (RCA) ANT.IN with G4 or G5 and OS or higher OS Panther recommended) and 256MB of RAM (512MB recommended) MB Approximately 2GB of hour of recorded TV QuickTime to optional (EPG) from the US and CD/DVD and Toast software included) to or (optional). with: software and PDF CD-ROM IR AAA DC 12V ANT IN