www.elinchrom.com S.A FX DE Printed FX 190/260V
of Introduction Declaration of conformity, and recycling, CE and instructions Switch and Light Synchronisation, Remote and Acoustic DVD, The to light Troubleshooting Technical Elinchrom PS: Technical to The which to used.
Introduction The Elinchrom FX S.A. CH Photographer, FX Elinchrom products the advanced selected to the highest and the to both and that years of service. FX the and location of professional photographers. of the information warranty, and increase the of this 100FX 400FX The of light and performance the of research, of the of ELINCHROM lighting products the and the of the this Totally to the of the ELINCHROM flashes, the 100FX 400FX the and function that ELINCHROM. The continuously of the and the with f-stop, from to th. FCC Class This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC and of the Interference-Causing Regulations. These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instruction interference to there that interference installation. If this interferences to or reception, which turning the off and the to the interferences or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician ELINCA S.A. or interference caused unauthorised of this or the or of and other than those specified ELINCA S.A. The correction of interference caused such unauthorised or the responsibility of the
Declaration of conformity This with of the FCC to the following This interference. This interference received, including interference that operation. Product Professional ELINCHROM number(s): FX of party: S.A ELINCA S.A., that the the and specified tested conforming to the FCC and that the and force to that the of the to with the and recycling This to the highest from which or of that The back to that that the of of If please office or ELINCHROM of ELINCHROM CE The shipped of this with the of ECC 89/336/ECC compatibility and 73/23/ECC Notational The meaning of the and this as follows: to with this to this warning life, the or other information, and follow this Text which follows this that the shown. of or terms
According to to the fact that these or and should to causing They connected to earthed (grounded) supply. On account should the The internal charge though from the supply. restricted and and or the cooled and from the fire flashes from than directed to and directly the flashlight! to to operating the with and its or another to and from supply and the of To operation, the supplied. The to HAR-certified or VDE-certified. the HAR or VDE appear the outer sheat. The selected to the rated to or applying high or flashes. authorised service should or to the charge whilst the switch
The FX operation connecting the first to that with the They connected to earthed grounded) supply. FX mount and locking fixing Elinchrom and Mount the securely to or the protective cover first the as shown, then the cover the or accessory the of this action. DO NOT the without first the protective cover. instructions that the correct. that the switch the OFF ("O" to the MAINS INLET and to FULLY EARTHED OUTLET the to the the SWITCH and switch the ON ("I" 6.Select the with the A/ locking C/ tilthead with locking B/ protective cover
of blow) on/off switch blow) 6.Synchro-sockets, Amphenol and Acoustic recharging switch on/off f-stops, with ADF switch (on/off or head screw 5/8-inch EL 21.Supplementary locking others
With the MAINS SWITCH switched off ("O" the of the ELINCHROM the Switch The switch should light when the switched ("I" (Switch off the cord). Troubleshooting If the on/off switch ON ("I" switch off the and the If with the and switch ON the This protected thermal to overheating. Should this the off and fired. cooling, the ready operation. Troubleshooting This serviceable and high which the of please the to authorized Elinchrom service station. type AT 100FX and 400FX blown switch off the and and the anti-clockwise 1/8th, and If the immediately the to ELINCHROM service check-up. (Please to the rating of the light type AF Switch off the and the with of the The fastblow the of the the and therefore the switch
Light The the on/off and the light. Select the with the The light when the to when the "PROP" selected the light to the selected of FX 250W and (230V Unit 100FX 100W E27 2.5AF 400FX 100W E27 2.5AF Option: 150W E27 2.5AF Option: 200W GX 2.5AF E27 to GX This allows the of the 200W, GX the FX and FX 230V If the this to the following: The and The shock and internal the to service) Action required: On/Off Increase Decrease
The shown f-stop The f-stops. The of the and The from to 1/10th, f-stop charging or the "flashes". The FX and FX" protected thermic switch. To overheating, of than 2f-stop, manually releasing the with the The actived when the LED the switched ON, the another The FX specially to light Direct light or other strong light reduce the of the sunlight or the with light and ready
flash flashes without cords of Further information please www.elinchrom.com Products RX Remote Universal Sychronisation The N.B. ELINCHROM to other ELINCHROM the (5V) security reasons. the to release flash, the READY light appear once the recharged. If the light appear the charge Please and to authorized Elinchrom service. recharge Select the function with the the appears. Once acoustic that the ready. and Ready
Troubleshooting The switch ON ("I" light Switch OFF the and the AT), to the FX The switch the ready lighting function. The the flashhead You the yourself! please the to authorised Elinchrom service. The ON/OFF switch the flash Temporary overheating, caused or obturated cooling the off and fired cooling, the ready operation. If of cooling the ready the high the DO NOT ATTEMPT TO REPAIR THE UNIT. this please the to authorised station. Training with Elinchrom lighting The To Light DVD to easy photography Learn about and the light and photography. and lights and to softboxes, and and the of photography. Presented Chris Burfoot.
switch on/off, on/off, acoustic on/off. and X and and accessory and Tilthead whit inch Thermal 100W, with E27 or optional *200W/GX6.35 with cooling function. of Acoustic recharging of Protective cover with Elinchrom recycling Technical 100FX 400FX J(Ws) supply ISO, with J(Ws) Recycling V) Connected A/VA (W) interference CE-IEC and specifications conforming to IEC and CE Technical to without
EL Octa EL EL EL To Carrying Carrying Octa Carrying Octa Octa Elinchrom compacts RX RX Elinchrom Softbag RX EL Complete Additional include Reflectors Product and to Deflectors White White Accessory 230V 110V Compact 230V 110V High Perfomance SEE 230V 110V Background SE 230V 110V 230V 110V 230V 110V White* reflectors White* Twin X4 230V 110V 230V 110V with RE 230V 110V with Ringflash 230V 110V with SPP with Universal Entry Heads Head H.D. Heads Heads Effect Lights Remote RX Head Head Ringflash RX Remote Entry Compacts Compacts BX BX RX V: V: RX Compacts Battery RX V: V: RX V: V: RX RX AS RX RX 230V: 110V: RX V: V: AS AS
GUARANTEE This ELINCHROM repaired of charge the of months from of purchase its impaired through or The should immediately to the authorized or ELINCA This which dismantled, or repaired to the ELINCA It cover and the of from operation of the such as wasted or other Please Elinchrom www.elinchrom.com Downloads Product Elinchrom please the and to Please this directly to Elinchrom Elinchrom Elinchrom Elinchrom Elinchrom of purchase and N P.O. CH-1020
www.elinchrom.com