www.elinchrom.com S.A BX ENG Printed BX English 90/260V
of Introduction Declaration of conformity, and recycling, CE and instructions Switch and Light Synchronisation, Wireless Remote and Acoustic Troubleshooting DVD, The to light Technical Elinchrom P.S: Technical to change. The which to used.
Introduction The Elinchrom BX S.A. CH Dear Photographer, Thank BX Elinchrom products using the advanced technology. selected to the highest and the submitted to both and that years of service. BX the and location of professional phers. of the information warranty, and increase the of this 100BX 400BX The of light and performance the of research, of the of ELINCHROM lighting products the and the of the this integrated to the of the ELINCHROM flashes, the 100BX 400BX the and function that ELINCHROM. The continuously of the and the with f-stop, from to th. FCC Class This tested and found to with the to of the FCC and of the Interference-Causing Regulations. These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instruction interference to there that interference installation. If this interferences to or reception, which turning the off and the to the interferences or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or ELINCA S.A. or interference caused unauthorised of this or the or of and other than those ELINCA S.A. The correction of interference caused such unauthorised or the responsibility of the
Declaration of conformity This with of the FCC to the following This interference. This interference received, including interference that operation. Product Professional ELINCHROM number(s): BX of party: S.A ELINCA S.A., that the the and specified tested conforming to the FCC and that the and force to that the of the to with the and recycling This to the highest from which or of that The back to that that the of of If please office or ELINCHROM of ELINCHROM CE The shipped of this with the of ECC 89/336/ECC compatibility and 73/23/ECC Notational The of the and this as follows: to text with this to this warning life, the or other Supplementary information, and follow this Text which follows this that the shown. of chapters or terms
According to to the fact that these or and should to causing They connected to earthed (grounded) supply. On account should the The charge though from the supply. restricted and and or the cooled and from the fire flashes from than directed to and directly the flashlight! to to operating the with and its or another to and from supply and the of To operation, the supplied. The to HAR-certified or VDE-certified. the HAR or VDE appear the sheat. The selected to the rated to or applying high or flashes. authorised service should or to the charge whilst the switch
The BX 260V/50 connecting the first to that with the They connected to earthed grounded) supply. BX mount and locking fixing Elinchrom and Mount the securely to or the protective cover first the locking as shown, then the cover the or accessory the of this action. DO NOT the without first the protective cover. instructions that the correct. that the switch the OFF ("O" to the MAINS INLET and to FULLY EARTHED OUTLET the SWITCH and switch the ON ("I" the the the with the Tilthead with locking C Protective cover
of blow) light on/off switch and Acoustic recharging switch on/off f-stops, with ADF switch (on/off free or head screw 5/8-inch EL Supplementary locking others
Switch and With the MAINS SWITCH switched off ("O" the of the ELINCHROM the Switch The switch should light when the switched ("I" (Switch off the cord). Troubleshooting If the on/off switch ON ("I" switch off the and the If with the and switch ON the This protected thermal to overheating. Should this the off and fired. cooling, the ready operation. Troubleshooting This serviceable and high which the of please the to authorized Elinchrom service station. type only AT 100BX and 400BX switch off the and and the anti-clockwise 1/8th, and If the immediately the to ELINCHROM service check-up. (N.B. Please to the rating of the light type AF Switch off the and the blown with of the The fastblow the of the the and therefore the switch
Light The the on/off and the light. Select the with the The light achieved when the to when the "PROP" selected the light to the selected of BX MAX. and 90/140V Unit 100BX 150W E27 4AF 400BX 150W E27 4AF Option: 150W GX 4AF Option: 200W GX 4AF light 190/260V 150W/240V or 200W/240V GX If the this to the following: The and The shock and internal the to service) Action required: This E27 to GX allows the of the 300W, GX and BX GX E27
The displayed The f-stops. The of the and The cover from to charging or the "flashes". of overheating or malfunction, the shows ER The 100BX 400BX" integrated protected thermic switch. To overheating, of than 2f-stop, manually releasing the with the The actived when the LED the switched ON, the remotely another The BX specially to light Direct light or other light reduce the of the sunlight or the with light and ready
flash flashes without cords of Further information please www.elinchrom.com Products RX Remote Sychronisation The N.B. ELINCHROM to other outlets. ELINCHROM the V) security reasons. the to release flash, the READY light appear once the recharged. If the light appear the Please and to authorized Elinchrom service. recharge Select the function with the the appears. Once acoustic that the Troubleshooting The switch ON ("I" light Switch OFF the and the AT), to the RX The switch the ready lighting function. The the flashhead If the the the please the to authorised Elinchrom service. The ON/OFF switch the Temporary overheating, caused or obturated cooling the off and fired cooling, the ready operation. If of cooling the ready the high the DO NOT ATTEMPT TO REPAIR THE UNIT. this please the to authorised station. and Ready
If the the ON/OFF switch that there that the replacing. Note:Flash quality) with multiflashing overheating of the leading to or the or cracked. To the Switch off the switch the the from its or It to whilst and the Allow the and to They and the the protective with and first the security the from the If the and the If the to the smashed insulated or pincers. There security fitted, the heavy internal possibly the BX BX. or protection" MUST BE USED with the the when used. that the correctly and that the the the security and the as with Elinchrom lighting The To Light English DVD to easy photography Learn about and why the light and photography. and lights and to softboxes, and and the of photography. Presented Chris Burfoot. the with security correctly
switch on/off, on/off, acoustic on/off. and X and and accessory and Tilthead whit inch Thermal UV coated (5650K) 150W, with E27 or optional *200W/GX6.35 with cooling function. of Acoustic recharging of Protective cover with Elinchrom recycling Technical 100BX 400BX J(Ws) supply ISO, with J(Ws) V) Connected A/VA (W) interference CE-IEC EN EN and conforming to IEC and CE Technical to without
EL Octa EL EL EL To Carrying Carrying Octa Carrying Octa Octa Elinchrom RX RX Elinchrom Softbag RX EL Complete Additional include Reflectors Product and to Deflectors White White Accessory 230V 110V Compact 230V 110V High Perfomance SEE 230V 110V Background SE 230V 110V 230V 110V 230V 110V White* Each Softlite reflectors White* Twin X4 230V 110V 230V 110V with RE 230V 110V with Ringflash 230V 110V with SPP with Entry Heads Head H.D. Heads Heads Effect Lights Remote RX Head Head Ringflash RX Remote Entry Compacts Compacts BX BX RX V: V: RX Compacts Battery RX V: V: RX V: V: RX RX AS RX RX 230V: 110V: RX V: V: AS AS
GUARANTEE This ELINCHROM repaired free of charge the of months from of purchase its impaired through or The should immediately to the authorized or ELINCA This which dismantled, or repaired to the ELINCA It and the of from of the such as wasted or other Please Elinchrom www.elinchrom.com Downloads Product Elinchrom please the and to Please this directly to Elinchrom Elinchrom Elinchrom Elinchrom Elinchrom of purchase and N P.O. CH-1020
www.elinchrom.com