www.elinchrom.com S.A RX ENG Printed RX Battery English
of Introduction Declaration of conformity, and recycling, CE and Functions Synchronisation, Remote and the Battery Flashheads Flashheads Technical Elinchrom P.S: Technical to The which to used.
Introduction The Elinchrom RX S.A. CH Photographer, Thank RX Elinchrom products the advanced selected to the highest and the to both and that years of service. the and location of professional photographers. of the information warranty, and increase the of this RX The of light and performance the of research, of the of ELINCHROM lighting products the and the of the this integrated to the of the ELINCHROM flashes, the RX the and function that ELINCHROM. FCC Class This tested and found to with the to of the FCC and of the Interference-Causing Regulations. These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instruction interference to there that interference If this interferences to or reception, which turning the off and the to the interferences or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or ELINCA S.A. or interference caused unauthorised of this or the or of connecting and other than those specified ELINCA S.A. The correction of interference caused such unauthorised or the responsibility of the
Declaration of conformity This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and This interference received, including interference that operation. Product Professional ELINCHROM number(s): RX of party: S.A ELINCA S.A., that the the and specified tested conforming to the FCC and that the necessary and force to that the of the to comply with the and recycling This to the highest from which or of that The back to recycled, that that the of of If please office or ELINCHROM of ELINCHROM CE The shipped of this with the of ECC 89/336/ECC compatibility and 73/23/ECC Notational The of the and this as follows: to text with this to this life, the or other Supplementary information, and follow this Text which follows this that the shown. of or terms
Information restricted (as as other option) to security please the from the top of the Battery this the internal Lead-Gel-Battery the Battery from the RX and The sealed confirms to the of UN this with the A67 Regulations IATA thermal protects internal At high or or the thermal the charge. The ER cooling the automatically. announces that the ready operation, that only sound the acoustic switched The RX to and should sealed with the and please the Battery the RX housing. the Battery and related that the locked and and or the cooled and disconnected from the fire flashes from than directed to and directly the flashlight! to to operating applying high or flashes. authorised service should or to the repairs, them to elinchrom charge whilst the switch
location" please of the or which to others or the Select the function (indicated the illuminated) and switch the This of security and of supply If the and the of reach whenever Switch off when and flashheads. or otherwise If the to to or Flashing of first to internally the There high and high please apply the when the as would with flash. the the of or service or or switch off connecting flashheads correctly flashheads correctly and locked with the Battery With the RX with the charger connected. the flashes seconds to charging Battery charging only when the RX switched off. The charging to charge. The Battery re-charged Battery Whilst the other recharge. To recharge the Battery externally, release the Battery and the charger to the battery. the Battery please the Elinchrom Charger and switch off the switch off the connecting or flashheads! The head with the
of On/Off switch. switch with LED operated, the switch off of flashes. charge with LED the and increases the of the battery. on/off switch with switch, three Charge Ready on/off, with LED with ADF Function) f-stops. f-stops. flash. ready light. Charge/Sync on/off. Battery and Elinchrom weatherproofed. charge and Remote weatherproofed. Flashhead head with weather cover. head with weather cover.
Functions On/Off Switch this the RX switched or off. the of malfunction, please the and OFF Function If this function switched (indicated the LED) the RX switch off with of the the This function to the function that the switching off. Charge The LED that the function selected. flashes (About flashes charge and flashes with charge). The charge increases the life, the recharging doubled! On/Off The activated when the LED switched the remotely another The RX specially to light (or other lights) reduce the of the pressing this touch once, the seconds. the seconds, the switch off seconds. To switch off the the seconds). The when using the and heads. The the flashhead or each connected flashheads. The AF acting) the housing of the RX The Battery released the exchanged.
Charge Ready This touche activates the BEEP acoustic the LED that the ready operation. overheating (or the charge the willshow "ER" that the and To the f-stops), the touche buttons. and Pressing continuously, the activated One the to charge or the The Function (ADF) the to precisely the displayed overheating and the cut-off. This or flash reduction please that the re-charging reduce the of flashes N.B. flashes charging and The shown f-stop from to The charging or the flashes. the of overheating or malfunction the shows "ER". the LED the released manually. The release Battery Approx when the LED off red) about flashes switching off the and flashes charge). The the from Battery switches off the RX immediately
Wireless Remote and The as the interface the and Remote With the RX the RX wireless, to approximatly from the offers on/off and using the RX functions and operated with or To the RX the Remote required. of the advanced wireless please www.elinchrom.com/products/RX Synchronisation the with the To the synchronisation of Elinchrom Elinchrom leads, Charge and Remote To the Battery, the Elinchrom charger The RX offers charging the EL charger to the charge or to recharge the externally, release the Battery and the to the charge the Battery to the Battery the RX and Press the buttons each of the RX the RX and the buttons. The Battery its the Battery the RX housing the Battery The Battery the RX housing. Press top of the RX to the locking that the Battery the
Battery Charging only the Elinchrom Charger charger the The EL Charger To charge the while the the charger to The charger coloured LED indicating: Red: the charging to charging completed disconnected the charge the or incorrectly the Battery polarity). The RX recharged whilst the The V/ Battery recharged from charge there Memory-Effect. The of flashes from Battery to Battery to recycling the of the Battery charge Used to the from Elinchrom. of RX the top of the Battery AF acting the top of the Battery AF acting RX housing. The Battery the exchanged. every flashhead! RX To flashheads, switch off the the security cover. the flashhead the or (the fits and the locking clockwise! The closed with the security cover. switch off the or flashheads! The head with the 10AF type AF blown and the anti-clockwise and If the immediately the to ELINCHROM service check-up. of the 10AF). Charge AF Battery
and Flashheads and heads specifically the RX The flashhead with locking protects and humidity. The activated or seconds. the switch the of the head-) once, the switches off seconds, when the switch within seconds, the switch off seconds. To switch off the seconds) the The the 100W 12V connected flashhead or connected flashheads. The Elinchrom with and Elinchrom/Prolinca The flashhead and location The head with action photography (One head heads s, Flashheads with heavy switch The flashheads insulated and them with protection or of the the of or service or or only elinchrom flashhead. 5AF
Technical RX Flashhead f-stop ISO, with Recycling fast Recycling and heads Flashes, of Battery slow/fast, recycling light 12V *optional 100W only head used. Battery 12V recharge and specifications conforming to IEC and CE Technical to without Troubleshooting E.R. overheating Switch off the and cool least Battery recharging Battery charging Charger Battery of NOT the yourself! Bring RX (with heads, to Elinchrom service. Ringflash
Elinchrom Reflectors of Lightbanks ROTALUX White Universal and RX (only) RX Battery including Heads ashhead (12V) GX 12V Compact white 30149B RX RX RX Charge RX to EL flashheads Shoulder RX Action Flashhead Ringflash GX 12V 100W
GUARANTEE This ELINCHROM repaired of the of months from of purchase its impaired through or The should immediately to the authorized or ELINCA This which dismantled, or repaired to the ELINCA It and the of from operation of the such as wasted or other Please Elinchrom www.elinchrom.com Downloads Product Elinchrom please the and to Please this directly to Elinchrom Elinchrom Elinchrom Elinchrom Elinchrom of purchase and N P.O. CH-1020
www.elinchrom.com