DVD USB SD A/V RDS VCD ID3 RDS CD-RW CD CD-R DVD MP3 WMA
Dear Customer, CONGRATULATIONS. The VRVD640G DVD/CD and AM/FM with RDS, SD Card, USB and AUX when as years of service RV, or to that arrives top and to the that VRVD640G DVD/CD and AM/FM with RDS, SD Card, USB and AUX or as warranty service, or DO NOT RETURN THIS PRODUCT TO THE STORE. PLEASE CALL OUR TOLL FREE NUMBER FROM THE U.S.A. AND CANADA and to with of technical service team; or to and of technical service to in-house technical service team of installation, or troubleshoot with If warranty service, technical service the the warranty. TABLE OF CONTENTS Memory of the Unit....................................................................................................... (DIN Mount) Brackets) Location of the Navigation GPS GPS GPS GPS Quality Synchronization The Functions Cockpit Turn Next Street Next City GPS Quality Sound Track Recording/Playback Indicator.....................................................................33 Cursor To GPS Heading Street and Route to Next Turn Approaching Next Turn Route Information Route Displayed
Route Destination Warning To Route 3D (switch) (switch) Night (switch) POI of Built-In POI POI.....................................39-40 Track Route Next Route Fly Info SETTINGS Destinations Night Colors First Disabled.......................................................45 MAP SETTINGS Daylight Night Cockpit Street Textured SOUND SETTINGS Sound Volume/Switch Volume/Switch Sound Volume/Switch Tone ROUTE PARAMETER SETTINGS Route Short to Unpaved Motorways LANGUAGE UNITS Units.............................................................48 Format..............................48 ADVANCED SETTINGS 2D (and North-up 3D Cockpit Format Cockpit BACKLIGHT SETTINGS On Brightness SMART ZOOM SETTINGS Lock-to-position Lock-to-Position Restoring ROUTE OPTIONS Off-Route Off-route On (Lock-on-Road) USER DATA MANAGEMENT Clear Advanced FIND GO Selection The USING THE FIND MENU Intersection City Selecting the City, State or Country to Search Selecting New City To Search the State USA, The Country Selecting Street The The City Selecting The The City Selecting Street Selecting House The The Street Intersection Instead House Search History POI of the (Home/Work) cations NOTES Warranty
reasons, the The Unit with to the of the vehicle, and to the supply of the switch. or of this and serious or To of to the vehicle or its and the of this with that to the Disconnect installation. to the to the or the vehicles the vehicles owners instruction. of the temporarily the to the properly. only the included with this to tion. The of unauthorized to the vehicle or If the of or other cations to the vehicle, with vehicles dealership. the location where ity to the vehicle, and there The the where to heat instance, heater performance, than from
PRECAUTIONS vehicle while this head vehicle and injury, property or death! Please these BEFORE attempting to this the vehicles tery installation. the vehicles owners instruction. The DC ground only. the vehicle DC ground the polarity of the existing wires the head to the leads to the Incorrect the or the to malfunction or the vehicle's the turning the ignition, memory or the ground (AWG18) or to or to the coating. To or the If or off the immediately and the mounting otherwise to or shock the or crack The only with wires with ground leads to the chassis ground. the top or cover. the the warranty and the or the to malfunction or the vehicle's sunlight hours higher the vehicle. high or The the vehicle should C) and C) turning Cool the vehicle operating the The of that to shock. the the of the as shown the this or heater them heat to the and fire. completing the and operating the the to the instructions. Then the (RES) with pointed such as to the to its the terminals of the or of the If this vehicle customerservice@ or
Memory This only the following or memory types. Playtime DVD About VCD About CD About MP3 About MPEG4 DIVX Memory USB Memory to of SD Card to of MMC to of of the its to the clean. the CD with or to the the the warranty. the vehicle carrying that with high or CDs with or attached. The when to Clean the with optional cleaning cloth. each from the The the vehicle should C) and C) turning
installations to the of technicians. If with and carpeting, or other of vehicle, please or Toll-Free and in-house technical service the VRVD640G professionally the vehicle's vehicle instructions, the Unit from the A. the outer DIN Mount Polarity of the Wires the of the wires to the existing to the VRVD640G. the of the head wires. If the head While the the wires from of and around the B. the with the both of the as shown below they click. to the from the DO NOT DISCONNECT WIRES AT THIS TIME! On the the ity of the wires as as or right, and front or rear. that the first correctly that the wires the the head this of the the ground, and other wires GIVE US CALL, WE'LL HELP YOU INSTALL. PLEASE DO NOT RETURN PRODUCT TO STORE. the WEB www.vr-3.com Information and Technical Assistance, Toll-Free U.S.A. and LO/DX AM UP AUTO STOP TAPE FM MHZ TUNE DOWN MUTE CD/MP3 BAND AUDIO IN
DIN FRONT-MOUNT A) IMPORTANT! BEFORE THE FINAL INSTALLATION OF THE HEAD UNIT, CONNECT THE WIRING TEMPORARILY, MAKING SURE THE UNIT AND THE SYSTEM WORK PROPERLY. Follow the the mounting to the head The mounting the head from around the the the front of to the with the the both of the The or from the these the Mounting the top, and then them to the mounting the the washer Screw Screw Strap washer
DIN REAR-MOUNT B) the screw both of the PARTS Included the VRVD640G and then and them to the the VR3 Customer Service or Mounting Screw Strap Mounting AV Remote *=Not Shown Screw the of the Screws. screws or screws the of the screw the Factory Mounting Bracket or this NOTE: The mounting and the mounting this of installation.
VRVD640G DVD GPS A/V IN AMP IGNITION RED MEMORY YELLOW YELLOW to or V(+) Negative Negative Right Rear Right Rear DRIVER SAFETY WIRE, MUST connected to the switch-wire. Reality and/or its waves and when this NOT connected as directed. when the ON. the installation, the from the batterys of the the temporarily, the and the operates properly. GIVE US CALL, WE'LL HELP YOU INSTALL. AMP AMP FILTER GRAY WHITE GRAY/BLACK WHITE/BLACK VIOLET GREEN GREEN/BLACK VIOLET/BLACK PLEASE DO NOT RETURN PRODUCT TO STORE. the WEB www.vr-3.com Information and Technical Assistance, Toll-Free U.S.A. and Right Rear Right RCA DRIVER SAFETY WIRE PARKING BRAKE BROWN BLUE POWER ANTENNA OR AMPLIFIER
VOL+ OK TUN+ TUN- VOL- PTY FUNC TA GPS NAVIGATION DVD PLAYER CD, CD-R, CD-RW, VCD, DIVX, MP3, WMA Arrow/Channel OK Arrow/Volume Right Arrow/Channel Arrow/Volume TFT LCD The VRVD640G with and mounting to the MUST the mounting from the of the VRVD640G the mounting then to The and Black The the Location The USB Button/Play/Pause FUNC PTY TA from DVD players and The Black the from (CD MP3 player, DVD, UNLOCK LOCK POWER OPEN IR MUTE MODE MENU STOP BAND TM
Remote POWER DUAL TILT EJECT OSD MUTE MODE MENU SETUP ANGLE INT SEL VOL VOL GO TO ZOOM SUB-T FUNC AUDIO RDM RPT PROG BAND P.SCN PTY and of the Remote the the front of the to Precautions: improperly them to the of the reach of Should the CR2025(3V) lithium battery. the the to month or short-circuit or of properly. the become the or POWER DUAL EJECT OSD SETUP UP/DOWN/LEFT/ RIGHT/ENTER PREVIOUS TRACK/FAST RE- VERSE ANGLE SEL VOLUME DOWN FUNC AUDIO/GO TO BAND/RDM OPEN PBC A-B TA of the the Battery of Properly PTY/PROG OPEN TILT MUTE MODE MENU NEXT TRACK/ FAST FORWARD INT PLAY/PAUSE STOP/PBC VOLUME UP A-B/ZOOM SUB-T TA P.SCN/RPT BUTTONS Turn the then the of the with of the facing the
Remote POWER Press to the ON or OFF. DUAL (DVD DVD this the II. EJECT DVD Press the EJECT to the the OSD only, the OSD to and SETUP to the and TRIANGLE BUTTONS the buttons to and the SKIP BACKWARDS/FAST REV. Press the to to the track, photo, or Press and this to ANGLE Press to the DVD DVD Supports. SEL Press to choice the VOLUME DOWN Press to the FUNC Press to the to to AUDIO/GO TO DVD to BAND/RDM of FM1 FM2 FM3 AM1 AM2. PTY/PROG PTY allow search of types. VCD/CD the AMS to the the to played. OPEN Press to the TILT Press to the of the MUTE Press to off the sound Press to previous sound MODE Press the MODE to the of the MENU Press to the anytime. SKIP FORWARD/FAST FORWARD Press the to to the track, photo, or Press and this to INT Press to the seconds of SD or USB memory. PLAY/PAUSE Press to or the playback. STOP/PBC Press to the playback. Press to VCD PBC ON PBC OFF played wish. VOLUME UP Press to increase the A-B/ZOOM A-B to section of the Press once, the A of the the B of the Pressed the Zoom-Press to increase or the SUB-T DVD playback to the TA allows reception of P.SCN/RPT to and to buttons. DVD to tracks. BUTTONS/ENTER buttons to choose Con choices
vehicle while this head vehicle and serious injury, property or death! To the and the the Plate the plate with its the the the other the other apply- the plate and to Then the plate and the right of the plate clicks This plate to or the while the plate the board or where the high. the the plate and the this If or other the them off with and cloth. To the it or while The Unit the First Immediately or to the should initialized. the front the front with the switch With or oth- pointed the RESET switch to the Operations Press to the ON. The the function Press and the to the OFF. Press to the CD/DVD, USB and SD operations. OPEN/CLOSE OFF, the ton, the ON and the to the If the to its closed automatically. Pressing the through the The DVD, USB, and SD there installed. TUNER--DVD--USB--SD--AV--MAIN MENU Press to There four three FM (FM1, FM2, and FM3) and AM Bands(AM1, AM2). Each the pressed, the the following FM1----FM2----FM3----AM1----AM2 Each of the four to stations, of (18-FM,12- AM) memory stations. EJECT the If the seconds ejected, the and to Arrow this to the to
Operations Tune+/Right Arrow this to the to higher Arrow this to increase the Arrow this to the or the NOTE: VOL the front or DVD It DUAL DUAL VOL of DUAL to increase or Press the to the GPS while to the CD/DVD, USB, and SD Card. OK Press the OK to tion. SD VIDEO SD Card from then SD to to to, or the the SD The SD MP3, WMA, JPG, MPEG and DIVX. VOL+ OK TUNE+ TUNE- VOL- PTY FUNC TA USB cover from USB the right of the then USB memory to to to, or the the USB memory The USB MP3, WMA, JPG, MPEG and DIVX. PTY Press the PTY the to or TA or TA and than or EON TA OPEN IR POWER MUTE MODE MENU STOP BAND TM
Screen Press the the right of the or the BAND the or to the The where of the and To and tions buttons. The NAVI the Navigation The DVD the DVD USB and SD If there isnt Warning NO DISC displayed. The RADIO the or to already The AV-IN the from the AV-IN the of the The UTIL the and The the The allows the to Sound, RDS and The Sound From this the to types. You as as selecting or The Sound II From this the the and
The Sound III The Sound III the lowing ON OFF. BEEP, LOUD, and SUB WOOFER. The DISPLAY The allows to the of the backlight. DISPLAY II Screen The II allows to the the of with the VRVD640G. The allows to the the RDS The RDS allow to the RDS
Information The information displays the and software information of the VRVD640G. The the to the of the when the Follow the instructions when this UTIL The to the and The other CONTROL FUNCTION MC Memory Clear MR Memory MS to Memory M+ Memory Backspace CE Clear and the Fraction C Clear The four operations the the to of the and months.
Operations the VRVD640G, the the of operation. The interface displayed the You the from the or the the or Access GPS FM1 FLAT NAVI GPS NAVI VOICE Next Station Previous Station Stations This with three FM (FM1, FM2, and FM3) and AM Each of the four to stations, of (18-FM 12-AM) memory stations. the the or pressed, the the following FM1----FM2----FM3----AM1----AM2 There of Scan, and To the stations to memory; Press the BAND to the band, FM1, FM2, FM3, or AM1, AM2 to the to as Press and the the of the seconds. You hear to that the If the previously to stations as Press the once to or the to higher the and to the Press and the or the appears the LCD. Then to to or the to to higher the and to (RDS) On the the ton, then the the RDS to the RDS TA SEEK The and stations that station (TP), the to that TP info. You of seconds (RETUNE SHORT) or seconds (RETUNE LONG) from the RDS TA ALARM TA ALARM, The to sound or of the the selected PI the RDS PI The RDS allows selection of PI ID) Sound or Sound selected,
heard when PI the station. selected, the sound crease when PI the station. countries where broadcasters Specif- ic the USA, REG the RDS should turned OFF. RETUNE On the RDS RETUNE SHORT or RETUNE LONG. This selects the of TA or PI search. MASK MASK DPI the It (AF) with PI. MASK ALL AF that enough RDS strength. EONTA DX stations, and LOCAL stations. GIVE US CALL, WE'LL HELP YOU INSTALL. PLEASE DO NOT RETURN PRODUCT TO STORE. the WEB www.vr-3.com Information and Technical Assistance, Toll-Free U.S.A. and
DVD the VRVD640G as as USB Memory and SD Cards. The MP3, WMA, MPEG, JPEG, VCD DIVX. information about the and memory types. Touch The functions and characteris- tics with the the the and the touchscreen. Below of the buttons and their USB SD DISC MENU GPS ON/OFF Stop The buttons the top the gation NAVI the software, and NAVI VOICE the GPS ON OFF. Touching the the USB, DISC, and SD the to to the touched The arrow buttons to the and type The choice. the the playback. They the as buttons the and The the the the teristics The below when Dics, SD or USB memory with A/V Operations Card/USB Memory DISC: Press the the top of the the tomatically to the the with the facing The SD CARD: Press the the top right of the then the the SD the SD hear click. the To the SD the hear click, then release and USB MEMORY: On the right of the the from the USB then the USB Memory. To USB memory the USB the USB cover when Right Ejecting Press the the top of the and the matically and the the If the within seconds
SD or USB ory the If the the to DVD Usually DVD the to choose from. the appears the Arrow the to through the choices. the the to choice the the SD or USB memory the displayed Stop Press the once and R.Stop the top of the At this the Press the Stop Stop the top of the At this when the from the DVD On the the to of the DVD/CD. Press the to playback of the DVD/CD. Backwards/Fast Press the the or to to the previous track, photo, or Press and this to Press the the or to to the track, photo, or Press and this to On the the P.SCN/RPT to track or Random On the the BAND/ RDM to Intoduction On the the INT to the first seconds of the tracks. Press to the track. The Press the ANGLE to the of of DVD Notes: This function with the This function only operates with featuring recordings. The features The the the of from which The Subtitle Press the SUB-T to the the of DVD. NOTES: This function only with the This function operates with recordings. The the the of recorded Press and the A-B/ZOOM to the of the DVD. NOTE: This function with the These options the VRVD640G they the If the that these then the used. the type or of the A-B This function the user to of DVD or track. Press the A-B once the
or where the Press where to the The and the Press the PTY/PROG to the of the Tracks the arrow to highlight field, then with the buttons the of the chapter or title. finished the arrow buttons to highlight then to the chapters the GO TO Press to the playback the to the the of the chapter the the Press and that chapter to The displayed the clock
Navigation WARNINGS AND SAFETY INFORMATION that to selected It location with the of attached GPS The information obtained from the GPS transmitted where, others to when this If the of the vehicle, that The should the road. PLAN YOUR ROUTE BEFORE DEPAR- TURE, AND PULL OVER IF YOU NEED TO CHANGE THE ROUTES PARAMETERS. UNLESS PASSENGER WILL BE THE ONLY ONE TO OPERATE CYDLE, WE STRONGLY ENCOURAGE YOU TO TURN ON THE SAFETY MODE. built-in (optional) that from the when tion. the while the vehicle motion. other and roads instruction from If to ate from the recommended to the easy operation. operable and to the or the as easy as and The user interface of the of the to information, to initiate functions them. of the the Direct selectors of the chosen from of If the graphically, the Touch of the to the selectors the the to the shown together with tion) with arrows both The buttons. Touch to the or to right. You selection. as the the selected becomes effective. that to the If the displayed the of the the the while the right- the With the the This operated Either the to the to its or the where the to appear (the there immediately). with the selectors, there to selection. as the
the selected becomes effective. Switches function and Disabled), switch used. with selectors, the the of the function and the There the to whether the function active or the the function selected. the function abled. The whole as Touch anywhere to the abled and switches switches of when selected, the light and the becomes the of Furthermore the switches the (to included or when the Route types. such vehicle selected, only the the whole becomes inactive and These switches The of the below and its these buttons the as other switches. Touch them where to the and Switches the The switches of the as switches. Touch the to the and that only to or when these that easily ated with You choose ABC and Navigation or of QWERTY-type that both and numbers. choice and of- the to The alphabetic characters, to when searching the (the to the and search their tions the the French to type Cite and the the type POI or initials to that pleas- ABC-Type Keyboards These Hebraic, or If to numbers, to the to switch to the Backspace (arrow and to the to and to the This type of buttons. NOTE: If chosen guage that the ABC appears. If choose the appears with Hebraic and when or chosen If to trying of the QWERTY- type QWERTY-type QWERTY-type both and them. Their the as of the QWERTY,
Navigation QWERTZ and AZERTY To switch to QWERTY-type the repeatedly the appears. The buttons. The the other as Although QWERTY-type when house the offers the Discovering the through the The to to each and to to from to another. this chapter the This the of the hierarchy, to rarely while the from each other to reduce the of actions to initiate function or of the directly from the below. About Touch About the to this The About It there to about the the of and the aspects of using the GPS Touch the the or Cockpit to this The GPS of formation from the GPS and as the to the following GPS The the the currently of the with as the The shown their The GPS from both the and from the received, while the GPS to location. On the right the the and the To their shown the The GPS (the ones), the Additional of information this and NOTE: affected factors the GPS count. this information as
There the to the of the GPS and the ity of reception. GPS the to the there to the switches. This and that there with the GPS and received, Other appear with built- GPS. Should of these appear, this operation of GPS Quality the top there to the of the GPS with there with the GPS This should the built-in GPS. the GPS connected GPS yellow 2D reception. GPS tion ready the GPS enough the only. and the 3D reception. The GPS enough to to factors). ready Synchronization the top right of the another that leads to where the clock of VRVD640G to the the connected GPS. Turn the Correction switch to and the Navigation VRVD640G with the GPS that the of the GPS and the VRVD640G clocks. You whether correction the to manually the the VRVD640G hour and to manually the with or without GPS It the chance to the synchronization VRVD640G or The The and of the with the and Cockpit They The they TIP: You the the and the The the tion of and Functions The to (when and 2D than The and the
Navigation 2D and 3D the top of the 2D the to the to perspective (3D that to that through the with the to It easy to 2D and 3D You options. You the and buttons to the 2D and 3D or the switch the to switch the NOTE: You that 2D useful North-up when of the or to as On the other hand, 3D Track-up Cockpit with The of these this NOTE: the Advanced force Cockpit to 3D Track-up You and the the this the reappear. force to 2D North-up high that the with (the of the and Cockpit Street and other text displayed with the and only as and as to around the and to the ther the 2D or 3D the of the You and stretch the the of the or the both and Cockpit NOTE: If to to the the instead of and back The 2D North-up that the the right. NOTE: function that and the 3D to the approach- turn, and the to easily the If the and the to to the front of Daylight and Night The to the brightness of the the daylight and accordingly. Daylight to while the tints to the brightness of the screen with selected to about the information the You and manually the or NOTE: The based the and GPS which the and the the location. that information switch the when the already turned bright, and it TIP: There and included with To the that the selection TIP: To further the of the
to the backlight when the used. the backlight both daylight and NOTE: The and included this to the and They the the chosen. TIP: If or the the the background using 3D It its to another to and to and The of to when to the of the concerning to those accustomed to, and the of the to their to from and or cation. this informa- tion the to The the as displays the of the with the The of the You choose the the the and to the and and to switches the NOTE: The switching when using At the information to the of the It as the to the TIP: If to bothered Navigation them off TIP: roads usually the You choose whether to these or You this To the that other function than to location the These face-waters, forests, TIP: These normally played textured that to the You to switch the textured off to free of the of VRVD640G with Lock-On-Road GPS arrow (yellow when shows location the The of the arrow heading. The arrow and vertically rotated with the and to built-in Lock-on-Road that the arrow the the of the of one-way or the of the where the right and the the U.K.) roads. The location from the GPS shown as the This the GPS and the Lock-on-Road the It the location the NOTE: The Lock-on-Road turned off Advanced switched off, the arrow displayed where the with active Lock-on-Road. the GPS the arrow
and to the known Lock-on-Road (the the reception and there chance that Lock-on-Road choose the Selected (Cursor) If anywhere the or item become the selected the with and permanently to when the background of 3D You this as or of search POI to with or as POI. The when the reference scaling. NOTE: GPS and Lock-to-Position active, the the GPS the arrow. another the or the the Cursor shown the with the and the The Cursor with shown as the and its or Advanced The of the lected the History There they shown together with their and GPS Coordinates. TIP: There to the GPS as Press the Record with to the instantly TIP: to the of location found the to and then the the Navigation History list.This the ordinates with the reference. If the the and of with thousands of built-in and POI as of them played the the too To this, which to and which to their and the built-in POI the of the of the POI. the chosen when created the POI (it These enough to the and as to cover the and hind them. the the shown. the locations of further the appear. If too to each other that shown instead of ones. to them separately. (Should the the this displayed instead of the NOTE: POI together with If this information the to Lock-to- This and POI immediately. to Lock-to-Position. TIP: Touch the or POI item to the of the of the To the of POI the the the right. If too
Navigation nearby, this the Cursor there POI that leads to the of POI items. There them to their and of them as of the Active Route routing which location the GPS the of the active of the and optionally and inactive They shown the The and the These Turn arrows other than the above-mentioned These arrows the which to The Active The Route The active the section of the currently If the whole the active the active the leading from location to the The active section light It the of the when the back- ground of 3D The of the displayed the of the and the of one-way the and the enough, arrows the of the This the the or when Inactive The Route sections of inactive. They shown the with the than the active inactive section becomes active as as reach its the pref- Although choose wheth- to include or Route they to near the or the If those of the with With explained the of the the of the other of the follows. There the and the Cockpit The they the the their and The to with- GPS, to the POI items, or to based The to the This usually 2D North-up You the that. The Cock- tion to the there information and to type of the This typically 3D Track-up the Cockpit There that function fashion the
Navigation COCKPIT SCREEN Turn On the Cockpit this shows graphic of the when approach turn, arrow whether or turn. showing round- about, the of the the This as Touch to to the Route The Route there active This leads to the Route These buttons displayed the the of the shows of the while shows of the The function the when the to and when approaching to of the If manually the the and rotating active). You to or the to the to You to this seconds. You to the to the to If the Cockpit this the seconds. Next Street Next City This shows the or that the itinerary. If the city where this the of the city instead of the of the or appear to the of to them from This displayed when You the three This switch through them the following The Track-up. It rotates the to the tion of this arrow North. Touch this to switch to North-up the to facing North. The to the Touch the to This to the North-up with the this to of where the You the this the to appear, when the restored. The arrow representing the of the the the appear, and when pushed, the to the of the You the
This strictly north-up. You that switch to when the You specify this and the of Advanced Touch the to to Track-up rotation) GPS Quality to the found the GPS the inform about the GPS The with the mation shows there with the GPS receiver. GPS Devices with built-in GPS permanently connected, this appear shows there the too to GPS Black shows there GPS and only shown, the 2D and ready to and 3D GPS ready to Sound this sounds of the VRVD640G. This the and the or of the or the sounds, the sound the Touch to sounds. NOTE: Sound muted Sound also. There switch that together with the switch There that That to the of the Navigation the from therefore the Track Recording/Playback tor recorded, the This as leading to the Track where the recording or the the Track playback Touch anywhere the to the Cursor the somewhere or item become the selected the with and to You this as or search POI with or as POI. NOTE: GPS the appear indicating that Lock-to-Position. the the tion and the back to the GPS The when Lock-to-Position automatically, Advanced To GPS Heading This GPS and the It appears when or the while This displayed GPS and the or rotated. It appears when or the while Normally the to
Navigation the GPS somewhere the (when North-up lected), or the of the (when Track-up lected). If manually the the the To to the GPS this or the the or respectively. To this ton. TIP: Advanced which the automatically. This turned both Lock-to-Po- and Cursor The Cursor the selected the and around or the GPS tion when and tion the to the Cursor, the Cursor to the of functions the At the Info house and the of nearby) appears the selected Info the If the Cursor seconds, back to the of the and Info You them reappear reopening the Cursor using the arrow the right corner. the manually, it or switch to other TIP: If to the around the Cursor, the Cursor and this manually, the to the the The of the Cursor the or Cockpit) and slightly there active already You the following the Cursor as the This and when there active Cockpit the of the the GPS or the known GPS Route To: the as the tion of This to The and replaced. If active, whether really to together with its the selected as to this location the of the This the to (when to to B or to the of the This already active. the or the Cursor. The lated immediately the This and the Cursor or to reached the The the which to This the to straight (when to to then to B). This ready active. this the of the Cursor. where the type of the built-in, or section the of the the
both or and the If the information, this the the of the or the Cursor, or This and the selected or that the as that the from the POI: the POI win- to the selected to the of user This only the and there the only the shown the Info POI: the of the lected These the shown the Info If to POI the New the corner. This POI and the and there least POI item the Cursor. Street This of the Cockpit shows the or (as of the or TIP: (or This normally shown togeth- with the this You these These displayed the This function the of the 3D You the from top (2D seam- integrated) the to Navigation that The function the when the to and the when approaching to of the If manually the the and rotating active). You to touch the to the to You to this seconds. This the with the the the Route and the that to the The scribed and Route The of these three when (without active or (following active While cruising, the the the and the of While these the to reach the (ETE), the to tion, and the the (ETA) You choose what to these three to
Navigation Advanced the following options. The restriction that that already appears another The to the to the to to to the right to Next Turn This shows the to reaching the (turn, round- about, This only displayed when Approaching Next Turn This when approach- the It appears the to the when than to the turn, and reach the turn. This displayed only when The the 2D the of the 3D the of the of the only. You both 2D and 3D to the and right to or to Route Information The Route Information the and of the while tions found the Without active of the inactive and played. this the Info the Route or of the Route the Cockpit Route Displayed and the top section of the information about the These continuously while this screen the information reaching tination. of the to the from the through the Route The of this shows as Its the of the the right- the and the spaced to their The arrow from the to the right, feedback of reach becomes the of the the the with the other instantly, and the arrow back to the to the the arrow back to the as when reaching as the of the from the previous the to the the below, the coloured the as the shown the that to the loured only to that The of the
This displayed of the Route the Cockpit as to This the to the reaching If and of the to the to reach the second, This shows the lated. It displays the or the from the Route If chosen or Lorry, the type of the Shortest or displayed selected Emergency, or this information This that displayed of the the Cockpit as to It shows the to reach the of the based informa- tion the of the The account and other If and of the to the to reach the second, This that displayed of the Route the Cockpit as ETA to It shows the the of the based formation the of the The account and other If and of the to the Navigation the second, Destination This shows the (or its the of the If and of the to the or of the second, Warning The Warning normally of them and warning(s) attached to the These information the whole the from to only. Click of the to its of the This shows that to the recommended This shows that the motorways. Touch the to the to- of the motorways the This shows that roads includ- the recommended This shows that to the recommended This shows that to the This displayed when with type respected. to the or the This that to that match the Route The recommended only to The recommended roads. The recommended
Navigation that or to Information other of information. Touch the to the Next when than apply the recommended To Touch this to of the whole recommended You to the with 2D North-up that where the This the Route otherwise from the Route The found the bot- of the this that allows to of the functions of The of the It without to the This to 3D (switch) the light the shows perspective You and to the of the the light off, the This 2D the of the the Conversely, 3D switched 2D NOTE: reach 2D the the as the or the timeout Advanced the 3D to nently switch to 2D (switch) the light appear the of the and without the of buttons. Night (switch) Turn or off the manually to the switching. NOTE: this option off the tomatic Night You to the to the matically
POI of the of that created and the of the built-in that with the Built-In POI The with of of them would the too (to POI items shown the to that, which POI to and which to the POI You the of the top below that shown or to their respective the of Stations the that shown or to- gether). shown with the while the shown of their shown and oth- If highlight of the POI them, the the become the POI or the shown or partly shown. TIP: To partly shown shown, this First the whole group, and then displayed with its the highlighted POI POI the of of that group. as the top of Showing and the as the POI highlighting then the POI switch the POI Navigation the POI and items that created. NOTE: The appears previously POI item with- creating POI of the of that group. This to the of POI The based their from If GPS or to-Position the the their from the Cursor. the POI displayed, the following Show/Hide: to built-in the to or of the selected the with displayed; with New: POI this You to and the which the POI the the POI You to POI You while POI. of ously POI This that group. to this action. the of previously created POI group. Left/right arrows: these buttons through them. The of these shows the and the of the of displayed, the following Search: shorten the of match- POI items of the POI the of matching items
the If this the of matches ABC/Distance: this the to the of the with the of the selected POI. the following OK: this the with the selected POI the the and group) of the selected POI. of to this action. Information (switch) this the (activating the Cursor, of the with the selected house and the of the TIP: of the Information the POI shows the of the POI Track to the track of This shows of already The of the and when recorded. You their to something meaningful wish. Each track shown to the of its when the the If the track character shown the of the highlighted showing and that The the the to its recorded, appears this with as recorded track shown the normally. TIP: If to the rently recorded, to this the following tions: Record: this initiate record- appears the and GPS the recording or shown the to know that recording that this Track Stop recording: recording ress, this buttons Info: this that shows the and the of the the of the the selector), displayed the to this to tion of the the appear the to based to this action.
Route This options to the This active and GPS It with four options. of these functions the This function the tion based the as to previously. This typically when off-route using when to that recommended the this the force This the when the appears automatically, that the Next Route You the to the the to the to actually reach or already reached and that there the the of this to and the tion. Navigation or to that the as as You to the the where allowed to the the the NOTE: This function to ternative the section of the To of the or to or the function Itinerary instead NOTE: this the of the from manually the or This option directly to the without the active If choose this option when gured, gation and activated when back Touch to the active with its and If that the to from scratch. This the arrive the the and The cally the roads, and from when the Touch to completely to- gether with its NOTE: POI item as
Navigation waypoint, the the POI item its the Itinerary This function the itinerary of the active The Itinerary three and only the of the items shown with informa- tion including pictograms of the action and of the from the The Itinerary and constantly when The item the highlighted highlight another that, the highlight the item selected. this the played when Itinerary It the of shown the to passed. the ton once the of that the of the These the shown the Turn and nounced the instructions. Route summary: the ton of the that the and intersections. Touch this to the highlighted item the This the Touch this to of the They the the highlight- and of the ones. this option the high- lighted action. turn too hour the that turn. If the the that the with to to the Road: when that that It when or announced the and that Itinerary. buttons this They to the the of the these of the NOTE: You Itinerary or To the function of NOTE: this the of the from manually the or Fly This function, of the It of the what when Touch the this the the of the and the and tions played. This or to learn the it Touch anywhere the to the
Touch to the of the The item the the of the without GPS the reached the or the where recently lated the This the manently updated, and the The item the the arrows the right to through the and to high- light You the following (or the highlighted item the the the selected The to search POI, of or from the History as of these, to the and selection appears right the highlighted the selected from the If the highlighted item the the the to the tion. the which through the there would to this the instantly to and only. and their of and Down: using these buttons the the high- lighted item or the Info This the Route Information This shows information about the and options to and Navigation active The the right leads to the SETTINGS to the of the The directly from the These the of the touch-screen to tion the You to the tons, or the Destinations You of to You to of them the The of these and Work. You them and their locations. To the location the options as and that choice and the information the location shown as or
Navigation both. NOTE: If of the offer to to this to Night Colors the the and or and based the and location information GPS. Once the this off. If to switch to this information about the of the to the This information or roads the This whether to the or If this switch, to the the warning. You of iour the warning: to and the other that. when the the amount Select whether to specify the as (offset to the or as Percentage. The which chosen. Both and offset or If the of the or this the the instead of the previous the to its rightmost to off the Then the of the the warning roads. If the of the reach- the this the the top of this The and the exactly as the scribed To this If the when the following Warning Route Once this what to when from that The seconds astray. First each the The choice from the that appears. options
the with the previous The the as selected. Next the from the and the without If only the of the and If from the of or to the You without the Navigation and activated when back to the If to the and to back to own, This to the own. MAP SETTINGS You the appearance of the Daylight Night with both daylight and There selected and selected these when switching from to and back. Touch the and Navigation from the Cockpit The the the and You that graphic that of high that the performance of the software the amount of the This three More Normal, (fast). They when and shows while or higher pearing when Although the of basically the and Cockpit each the the of that international or You whether to the or both. Street You whether or to the of the and the POI the when Based the and with the or the If switch these to location the them off, to the NOTE: You and POI follows tion. as the and Lock-to-Position and become Touch to Lock-to-Position and the and
Navigation Textured textured and and other displayed and attractive the to performance VRVD640G with SOUND SETTINGS this the sounds. Sound Volume/Switch The of of the VRVD640G and DVD the of this the the the The of this as Touch to sounds. This with the the Switching of them the of the other. Volume/Switch The switch the or turned the the right the of its tion the its rightmost the Sound Volume/Switch The switch the the sounds or off. sounds rmations of buttons or the sounds turned the the right their its the sounds pressed, its rightmost they played the NOTE: The sound of They or or or They know enough of to of matching the high the the too to clearly the and to the sounds. to increase the when and reach its highest the Sound the Touch the to the This the where the and If this to Disabled, the sound without to Tone initiate tone the tions, while Tone NOTE: The function from the the this muted, sounds These only the muted temporarily.
ROUTE PARAMETER SETTINGS This This screen directly from the Route Information the to the of the the the the fast. to the right routing increased amount of NOTE: Since the of this Short to the of the Route choose from three types. Short Choosing Short that the of the This usually cyclists or Choosing the that or the included roads. This usually and Navigation This of the Although basically the there another to the choose this instead to You the type of the vehicle that to the Based this of the from the motorways or of the account vehicles Furthermore, when or Lorry chosen, the that high achieved, and this infor- mation account when the the (ETE), and the of (ETA). Lorry(truck) Emergency to To the which to or to from the type selected, its and crossed- NOTE: It If of the types, them only as as necessary. this shown the Information and the the
Navigation Unpaved roads as they and reach the them. Motorways or another vehicle, to The of temporary included the Furthermore to them from the Although types, this type of action. to them with and/ or right the Turning back carriageways as NOTE: If them and to Advanced Route options. NOTE: as with to It this the when reaching the following of the the To or or from the owners. These from this switch vehicle authorised to included If to to them the toll-free NOTE: You to routing and Route LANGUAGE UNITS the and and This displays the written guage of the the ton from of to restarted this rmation This shows the of the the from of guages and Touch of these to hear OK when selected the Units You the to the of the If that the chosen warning the selector. Format You the and
played international the currently ADVANCED SETTINGS These of advanced and initiate These and functions Touch to the They where DISPLAY OPTIONS These or the 2D (and North-up The of the to the and It usually top north the top of the the the both and Cockpit Navigation this switch to to the 2D with North-up tion browsing NOTE: You the to and the the to 2D whenever started. 3D Cockpit (and Track-up The of the Cockpit cruising or when the front of the the of the It usually 3D with the towards the top of the the of the both and Cockpit this switch to to the Cockpit 3D with Track- rotation) NOTE: You the to switch the to 2D or north-up the to 3D with rotation whenever Cockpit started. this switch turned off, the to the location selected the If turn this switch to the selected The this the type of searched the of city search, the the whole city or least of around its Selecting POI, or with only the Format with their and with their coordinates. This choose and
Navigation or and ss.s). NOTE: the from the input You three freely the input Cockpit Their (when there active tion their this The BACKLIGHT SETTINGS the when These of the of the other applications. Backlight On You choose to the lights Brightness You the backlight both and the of the The and where there backlight and the back- light SMART ZOOM SETTINGS You when approaching the and the to when the ther The to You the when the The Route when switches to the or back to the Navigation The the of the both tomatic and manually selected You the manually (the displayed), when the the to this You the Then the appear, and when pushed, the to the NOTE: when this abled, the manually as Lock-to-position the buttons and the and the gation. these appears the
already mentioned, and the these appears the or the that of deactivated, the follow the You to the the If the of become deactivated, and the the follow to-Position) and You the seconds of inactivity. Lock-to-Position Turn this switch to to GPS the tion. This the or to something timeout below, the and the ately back to this switch to or the This the or Navigation to something timeout below, the disappears, then the back with Lock-to-Position, the smoothly. NOTE: when activated the top of this With turned off, neither the appear, the to its or the Restoring You the timeout both Lock-to-Position and Shorter to the often things around while to the to NOTE: If the the and Lock-to-Position instantly. ROUTE OPTIONS You the the Route On this to and Off-Route the of GPS
the GPS location the and the differently. think the and tion the GPS reception with GPS), of the GPS Although sophisticated Lock-on-Road that these to the and the of the the too to correct. To reduce the of increase the Off-route This of from to the GPS should from the recommended the to to higher reactions. This that the of With seconds without Navigation You the U- account when You would to U-turn. NOTE: This account only Route Cross-Border the the crossing with this switch to within country. On (Lock-on-road) normally vehicle tion, therefore Lock-on-Road the arrow precisely roads, correcting GPS Lock-on-Road to NOTE: turning off Lock-on-Road off the GPS The shown the to and USER DATA MANAGEMENT Everything that track or History located the memory of the PNA. options to or the or of
Navigation You of the whole memory Touch this to and the memory The created with the overwrite previous TIP: If to of the or to and of the the SD or to PC. If things, or created of temporary items and to them this to the of to the this of the the of the about this overwriting the with the Normally Since they shown and too of them, this of them together. that about to Clear This It to factory this ton and customised about this. Advanced There of Advanced to Touch this to the FIND GO GO the the to and Touching the and as as immediately the Cockpit and This that choose of only to Selection The It easy to using the to the and the with the actions then automatically. NOTE: appearing automatically, the seconds only. If to choose of the actions listed, the automatically. it manually, or switch to another TIP: If the selected shown the of the and the or and the Cursor ally, the to the lected location the
USING THE FIND MENU The the GO the or the of the The selecting location. Address, Intersection City Searching city, intersec- tion, or the If least of the this the to the location. There (Country, City, Street and Address). The pears of countries USA). The of and the of the The the You search selecting the of city, the of intersection of roads, or You the the City From this to the of the then the house or intersection, or to the city, or country to search. Navigation Selecting the City, State or Country to Search The of the address-search the of recently (and The of the the city or to. If the city appear the and immediately to the Street with the selected city or shown the top of the If the city displayed, the arrows the bot- right to of this TIP: If to know the of the city or the country currently then and the of the This function leads to GPS tion and Lock-to-Position the If that the of recently the choose to the the Clear the corner. Selecting New City To Search
Navigation If city or town (or the the Other City the top right corner. This to the city or input where the city of its or of its then from the of the the matching items or displayed NOTE: the selected country. this to the of the city. You accomplish this phabetic input ABC- or QWERTY-type). You to the as the only searches the that the or country. If the of the city of than the searched or the of those. You search characters the found W or K You to when searching the (the to the and search their the the town to type and the the the of pattern(s). This shown the right of the input If the city the sound played when the and the You the the NOTE: than items of than the pattern(s), search- and displays the right of the input to the NOTE: the of the city character that the or that splits the That why search with the following search A C, A, or TIP: If the and the than and city from the Turn the with the arrow the right corner. TIP: city that than the of matches from each NOTE: If of the or that appear the tricts appear the corner. Touch this to the together with the the ton to and to the shorter Once selected the city, the the State USA, of the informa- tion. If the city Other City then State from the of recently then the Should to search the whole country, states the of the the selected, to city of its or then selecting from the of items as NOTE: this
Navigation This search the whole other countries this compulsory. If the of appear alphabetical The Country If another try, the Country the top right of the selection USA, or the city and the country from the Selecting Street The The City Once the city (or lected, specifying the Selecting The The City If to to the city displayed the top of the The search the of the city (where its the NOTE: This the selected chosen the of the the intersection of or and intersection the city Selecting Street If or tersection within the selected city (shown the top of the to the TIP: If intersection, choose the that or This to to the of You choose the shorter of the This to choose the from the of the selected. TIP: You search both the type and the of If the appear as Road, and the the of this, searching A and Roads. TIP: Should the of the other the whole and the match the the This easily as to the House Selecting House The The Street Once the country, the city and the selected, to the house the The of house the chosen shown the input the the and the selected location the (or immediately selected GO the NOTE: House the of TIP: If know the house and the of the as the selected location. How To Select Intersection House If know the house or to the location with tersection, the intersection ton the top right and the from the of intersections of the previously select- the top of the
The crossing of the the selected Search This the search, from abroad. this tion and the The following the section: Touch the the city the their the of shown automatically. to the of The city the as the match. Touch to the of the You the phe, and of the R D and matically appears; or R U, U D, U, and to the of Either the to the the where to and to the selected. History If or as with or and of the they appear the History This the the used. The recently cations the of the of the locations as Navigation to the or the Next and Previous buttons through the to TIP: If location to as POI, with and its to easily the History tion coordinates. The to and, based the WGS84 earth (the GPS this the of the GPS (or the selected the Cursor, Lock-to-Position inactive) shown the top of the The shown the Advanced the ordinates of the three You the and easy. The the It with N (North) or S (South) This whether the the Northern or the Southern hemisphere. the the the or seconds the (the the the to or seconds
Navigation nished, the the right, and as This the hemisphere-changing whether the located East or from the crossing UK. Once both numbers, to the selection. TIP: The to the of to the or and then to this and the coordinates. TIP: If to to the selected the the to the then back to the location the chosen POI You from the thousands of included with or from the created. This the POI items to them easily. On this the of the top POI There three altogether. The search around reference the reference shown the the POI and that matches what To the reference, the the top right corner. Once the with these Address: to searched around, or city to search The of this city as the reference History: the reference the search selected from the History Coordinates: specify to the of the search. GPS the search around the location the GPS If GPS the known GPS arrow the used. Cursor: the search around the previously selected Destination: the search around the of The selection shown the the top of the NOTE: The reference POI search the GPS or the Cursor, when there GPS Once the reference the following options the POI POI highlight of the POI or the rection buttons, then or to the of the action Search the of that the Search text input screen to the of If Search the of search the already of the the the of the or already the Next and Previous tons to through the Search their
from the reference NOTE: the of POI items that created, the alphabetical the with the ABC that appears Search and the OK to the with the selected POI the (or to GO selected). the arrow the top to the search TIP: If to the or to of them know exactly where or what its the the of POI search, and of the the Next the right to the the the of the of the (Home/Work) If already of them the with the the GO function the to to of NOTE: If to that to the Navigation
Q. the blue(yellow when arrow that location. Navigation A. the GPS the of the or the GPS Either the tion to GPS or the GPS GPS, or of cover to Q. The GPS connected, the blue(yellow when that would A. You should the Touch this to the Lock-to-Position that the back to tion. Q. The blue(yellow when ors) arrow shows location, the or and instructions announced. A. It that active the of the the the or If this to It to the to the Route To the Cursor to the to follow these or with the GO that cally as as the selected. Q. the the the rotated N the or instead of It that initiated the North- or the unintentionally. Touch this to to Track-up with tion. Q. Creating the Route To once each the appears the disappeared. The Route To only. this when the selected. created established to the using the and buttons. Route To the whole existed they without If already the whole Q. The shows muted hear The from both that the sound and sounds to and the Sound Q. the warning as as bought the to warning the of each and correctly the This relatively of countries, and its the This as serious That why turned and off from the Q. would to POI
(Cockpit there POI the Cursor reasons the POI function the If the as POI when reach If switch to where the POI Q. would to POI there others near its location, and the (POI) the of POI instead of creating the New the of the that POI as from the Cursor GLOSSARY 2D/3D GPS Reception: The GPS to its the tions of the the and the the that GPS or GPS from least four to three including If to the the and the GPS This 2D reception. shows the of reception the the GPS and both that 2D and 3D GPS receptions nothing to with the 2D and 3D of the That of the the from the GPS reception. Accuracy: The and the the GPS affected factors. The GPS of of its based the of from, and their the This formation shown the GPS as reference only. that other factors the accuracy, of which the GPS of the ionosphere, ecting the GPS Active itinerary to reach chosen tions. active when and active reach the or there than to reach, the (from to another). of these active The of them and shown the Route (Autorouting): You only to and based its the software which to and the to to there. and routing Route If this function from or roadblock, seconds to follow the Advanced then the based and heading. Day/Night Colors: Based the and the GPS to when the and location
this that informa- tion the and the and information to orientation, the shown the when the 3D with and the the the GPS least four GPS its three this the togeth- with the that GPS they earth rather than that You should that the least factor of than the 2D/3D GPS Reception. ETA of It the when reach based the of the and information of the roads used. This as reference. It to account or the this shown as the Route Informa- tion ETE Another It the to reach based the of the and information of the used. This as reference. It to count or the this shown as the Route Information GPS: of Positioning This operated the (the of of the Unites States Government). It consists of Earth, and ground stations to the To GPS the from those GPS that currently location. You this service free of charge. Lock-on-Road: This function of the blue(yellow when arrow the This as the the GPS perfectly Lock-on-Road the If the of too shown the You that GPS that to as of the as Normally Lock-on-Road active when GPS permanently turned off Advanced Lock-to-Position: GPS the to the arrow, the You the to this Then the appears the Lock-to-Position. to the If choose Track-up the tated to the of head-
Selecting North-up, the oriented to North the top. the and right buttons to the wish. This immediately off the rotation. the top right section of the the of the tion should with North-Up: of the rotated to North the top of the Track-up and POI: tions of together with their and phone and and other information. the search to the POI or other location the You as POI Track the to the GPS or every seconds GPS the recording, the recording This of GPS of the of recording to and which the replay the the of as This or the Track-Up: of when the rotated to the rection of heading. North-up and (as as tinations to reach these the as the (through) them. The the Route Information the Route and each nounced the instructions as approach and when reach Should as tion as off and PDA or and The function to the of the to the to of and to the to of that of the with
cations GENERAL ...................................................................................................DC 12V DC 11-16.0V .......................................................................................15A Grounding Battery Negative W178 H50 Vertically: FM RADIO Useable ...............................................................................(S/N Station Distortion: 75 AM RADIO .................................................................................(S/N DVD PLAYER Distortion RMS THD+N Loaded 4 AUX IN Distortion:
AUDIO 600 input VIDEO Normal 00.2V (CVBS), ................................................................................................75 5 1.00.2V input TFT inch 154.1(W) 87.0(H) 1440(W) 234(H) Brightness: the brightness Humidity: ..............................................................45%~80%RH 30%~90%RH of This incorporates copyright protection that protected of U.S. and other property rights and other rights owners. of this copyright protection authorized Corporation, and and other otherwise authorized Corporation. or prohibited. cations NOTE: cations and to without to
NOTES
Warranty VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS products and to high of trouble-free performance. VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS warrants, to the purchaser, that its products free from and workmanship from the of purchase. of to VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS and/or its routinely the or of its existing products. to every the right to such without CONDITIONS OF WARRANTY: If the warranty found to VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS such or the without charge or to the following repairs VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS and/or its Eatontown, New Jersey. The or through or operation. The of from this warranty when to wear and tear. warranty of the or of or VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS this warranty protected the of the warranty. the of this warranty to the of or correction of incurred the or of the to or VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS incurred installation. OWNERS RESPONSIBILITIES: VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS to warranty service within reasonable of SHOULD YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT SERVICE RECEIVED, OR IF YOU WOULD LIKE ASSISTANCE IN OBTAINING SERVICE, PLEASE CALL TOLL FREE EST. to with the warranty service, that to the following of or of with when warranty service. If to service, please securely packed, preferably the and and to the following VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS, Service Eatontown, New Please include of the If found VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS to or workmanship, within the warranty repaired or and to Where VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS to that forth this warranty. This warranty the of the purchaser. VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS other warranty of or plied; and warranties, VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS and from this warranty, VIRTUAL REALITY VIDEO LABS and/or its the and injury, or or of the or of the
Inc., and the property of Inc.. and/or its U.S. and rights Printed