Warranty: LIMITED WARRANTY* ONE YEAR: built with inspected and tested factory. It warranted, to the purchaser, to from and excluded. that should the to properly, the with to the where purchased. This warranty rights and other rights to which entitled, which from to If household and to instructions, should years of satisfactory service. This warranty covers purchased and within the surrounding United States and NOT cover: caused from or of caused from Defects other than caused of and or incorrect or The or of the to purchase separately. from service other than authorized or service and charges. RETURNS of merchandise to the accordingly service first to RA Authorization of without RA *One Warranty only the United States, and international warranty, please the instructions or included this to TS-738 Juice Distributed by: MAXI-MATIC USA E. Arenth Building B. City of Industry, CA Customer Service MON-FRI PCT TS-738 INSTRUCTION MANUAL operating please instructions and reference.
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS using basic should followed, including the following: instructions operating. plastics and other from the first To shock, cord, or or other when or from when and cleaning. Allow to or off with or or the malfunctions or the to the authorized service facility examination, or The of accessory recommended the of or counter or or or or heated to first, then To turn to OFF then from foods or the as they fire or of shock. fire the covered or touching including and the when operation. with scouring off the and of should when constructed of other other than or other than recommended this when of the following the and the SAVE THESE INTRUCTIONS THIS PRODUCT IS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY! PARTS FEATURES
HOW TO USE using the first and the Catcher, and Juice with and thoroughly. ASSEMBLY OPERATION: CAUTION: the switched to OFF and the the the of the Catcher the Gear. the Catcher that the the the the Gear. the seated the Gear the the Catcher; the of the should the the Cover the the Catcher. the to the notches the Press of each the they the the A.C. Turn to ON and OFF once to assembled correctly to EXTRACTING JUICES the with while food to the with the other hand. the the as as the food and the food processed, to food to the the OFF to food. CAUTION and of the while to the of and/or to the NOTE: To food from food the the the Empty the Catcher when If food becomes and the follow these to to the Turn the OFF immediately and from the the and the Catcher. of food which becomes Reassemble and finished, switch the to OFF CAUTION: to the A.C. when the Juice used. CARE CLEANING completely assembled the without the Catcher, or the Juice Catcher or from the when the (peaches, and food the Thick should Items such as these the or the of the and of the while to the the of to or to the from outlet when and or off and cleaning. Clean promptly to cleaning the and Cord with cloth. Catcher, and and thoroughly. To from facing and with CAUTION: To of shock, the or other of the with cleaner. of the the dishwasher or Stains: and white of the To of household bleach and clean, and thoroughly.
RECIPES: the and Morning of flowerets including or to celery Smooth Refresher of fresh celery of onion