Toaster and excluded. that should the To or without charge, showing purchase within the within covered warranty, offering warranted to the purchaser to free from years of satisfactory service. This warranty covers only the purchaser purchased. If household and to instructions, should to the should arrive warranty the Without warranty to properly, the with to the where WARRANTY IS ONLY VALID WITH DATED PROOF OF PURCHASE. LIMITED WARRANTY* ONE YEAR: to of the protection, the and with the *The charges RETURNS of to the accordingly the one-year warranty with repaired or with option) when the to Service This warranty covers purchased and within the *One Warranty the the District of and the of the caused wear and tear, caused of and or the section below). The repaired or warranty the contacting service first to RA Authorization This warranty effective the purchased and operated the USA; responsibility or to products to incoming to the following items with related to the Toaster Consumers reason to to Service which of the written instructions with the this warranty. of that cracked or or instruction or included this to of the one-year warranty and one-month Customer Service MON-FRI PST or of the to purchased caused or of house or purchased or of merchandise without RA or other of purchase and RA#. international warranty, please the from service or unauthorized the District of and NOT cover: E. Arenth City of Industry, CA and the Islands. Defects other than EKA-9210W (White EKA-9210B (Black C.O.D shipments accepted. assembly or of incorrect or USA the warranty. MAXI-MATIC EKA-9210B (Black EKA-9210W (White Instruction
H) Function shown) E) Heating F) Drop-Down Light G) C) Toasting A) B) D) I) should when using constructed of other with or or the using should followed, other than recommended of the following the THIS PRODUCT IS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY! To shock, cord, or reduce the of shock, this to outlet to OFF then from foods or the as they malfunctions or the to the clean with scouring off the and when or of grease. plastics and other from operating. cover or of the with This from outlet when and cleaning. Allow to cool when or fire the covered or touching This than the other). To or or or hearted of or counter or authorized service facility examination, or The of accessory recommended the to first, then To SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS including and the when operation. using the first of shock. or other than fire or of shock. instructions operation. other than or or off this when overheating of the or other including following: and the
the finished, the and the The the manually turned NOTE preheating this NOTE the food this to overcooking. the the clockwise to when food the or the necessary. to the the the when NOTE preheating about the counter clockwise to the food or which top heating the Function clockwise to heating the the to off and the The the on/off switch food the food the the of scalding. the food. Chart off BROILING food BAKING OR turned off. To the the NOTE The the toasting too and the and then back to chosen This and Position the that least inch from surrounding with cloth or the thoroughly clockwise to toasting To the toasting of type of bread, the than to NOTE the finished the and the to This off or thickness and each type of to the first Turn the function to and the the and the the Rack. NOTE: The this process. This the and the of the as to humidity, Choose Toast the that nothing top of the the properly to Toast, both the heating counter or other of to counter clockwise to off and the the Function clockwise to Toast and than BEFORE USING FOR THE FIRST TIME to the these TIMER SETTING HOW TO USE TOASTING the based the food type, thickness. The heating the to this the manually turning the to OFF once the food The NOTE the food this to that the Function clockwise to and off to the overcooking. Food Toast
the with including the and the cleansers, and as To clean the the backwards and the of the of the accomplished the rear, allow counter top. To the cloth with or This the of the of with cloth. cleaning, the the to the its back and allow to easy cleaning. cleaning the and completely. this to the coating of chamber. this and allow cooling. cloth to the of the the or other Cleaning the of the Cleaning