www.elitescreens.com Black casing
and to this and follow the specified: Please this reference. To recommended the the to the or heavy the cord; the properly to the to shock or fire. the from or to shock or to or If to replaced, to There serviceable the authorized technicians this To the of shock or fire, and that the this to flow. rating the the rated the when or with this the following the the of heavy wind, or sunshine, shower or from fire and high to this from overheating. off the supply first or www.elitescreens.com
Warning to this prohibited and the warranty. Please the Service NOTE: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to However, there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following To and operation, to properly grounded advised. The supplying to the should to the and easily or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from to where the connected the or technician www.elitescreens.com
Accessory and VMAX2 IR Battery optional F( VMAX2 only) or shop.elitescreens.com accessory purchase. 12V 0V Wall 12V www.elitescreens.com (Optional Please to the when the IR
VMAX2 IM PORTAN AF ETY INS TRUC TIONS the pulled or tripped To suffering shock, to this yourself. the of technical please service with Please the supply when screen of as should with other household To and/or shock, to the screen there or the of PRE -I NSTAL LATION the the to the from to the of with such as and mounting to Top MM,R2 MM) mounting(R3 MM,R2 MM) Built-In IR IR and Press Stop/Down) Height of www.elitescreens.com of
Select the location within reasonable of and to the of to the of house's internal framework. If hollow anchors mounting screws or the walls. or screws) that the with another. wall/ceiling screws to to the hollow anchors mounting the washers to the head of the wall-screw. The washers to anchored to the The casing to the screws directly. If the Optional L- to the washer the head of the wall-screw and the anchor the of mounting should securely that or the to or that of and the mounting chosen. www.elitescreens.com
the that located the back of the the and the screw and about of inch from the to mount the Optional installation to the from the You the from with included) and the located each of the as shown www.elitescreens.com
Wood/Dry Wall B screws E hollow anchors with the screws as shown *Once the the from the Please these and installation. Also, the directly the screws or without using the Can free Masonry/Cement D as shown o www.elitescreens.com options
12-V The VMAX2 and the of using This accessory optional and purchased separately. of o C o Included with the that the perfectly when the RF with of the optional RF, should follow the instruction and the Remote Wall-mounted www.elitescreens.com To Projection Interface DC12V Assembly 0V with IR Remote the IR Red) with of Red) The light this when the buttons the RF
FAQS Q: function? A: There things A. and that the properly B.) Please the to location of C.) If with the switch with the the D.) with with Thermal relay. This would include Tension and VMAX with This off the the becomes too overheating of the To this, and Q: How the cleaned? A: The cleaned with and Q: What type of the A: The IR and RF AAA Q: Can manually the A: manually the the Q: IR to with learning IR to this? A: IR and to the of Please the of to about to function with If they then the following of VMAX2 Home2(3) and Tension2(3) Stop: Down: Q: What the the white screen A: The white of specs, info please FAQ, please www.elitescreens.com www.elitescreens.com
Warranty year warranty and from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below): Refurbished and warranty. or items AS IS items and warranty. the warranty DOA (Defective On within business of RMA Authorization) issued to the DOA (Defective On with below) the DOA and/or confirmed Once the received, to the ground service (based Should the the item shipped to warranty within the (DOA) If and If of of the and fees. Please below warranty information Http://www.elitescreens.com/service.htm Please below warranty Http://www.elitescreens.com/service_form.htm *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) or based www.elitescreens.com
to warranty with A. On and www.elitescreens.co B. to Customer Service Address: City/State/Zip Address: *Screen of Purchase: Purchased from of the What Application: Education Corporation Government How this If of to with please to: technical please to or Customer Service warranty please to o Customer Service Others www.elitescreens.com and