SelfAdhesive Rear www.elitescreens.com
Please below included proceeding with the installation. QTY Microfiber cleaning cloth Scraper Notes: This rearprojection that to such as or This It that to If the treatment such as that the of the To and free that the and previous to the installation. the Folding crease that touching the with or that scratch or otherwise the The to This the of the possibly creating or These within the first as the of trapped the www.elitescreens.com
bottle with and ratio Thoroughly the the glasscleaning that the smooth (unblemished) and perfectly the to the of the Partially the from the It to apply the while the from the This the from sticking together or the unevenly. to the attaching the to the www.elitescreens.com
smooth the (preferably to that the with or that the perfectly that the included Scraper or to the and that the properly. Allow to to hours the and www.elitescreens.com
Unit iRP151C iRP10m N/A Unit inch iRP151C iRP10m N/A The reference only. Please to and to its products with or Although offer or the or otherwise installations www.elitescreens.com Ratio Ratio (A) (A) Thickness (B) (C) Thickness (B) (C)
Warranty Year warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below). Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only. Refurbished Units 90DAY and warranty. Each the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the or received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Not Unauthorized Items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the issued. reported within of If the and If reported of the of and New or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based North America U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA/Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: www.elitescreens.com/warranty Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: REMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT AT: WWW.ELITESCREENS.COM/REGISTER www.elitescreens.com
Info US Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or America: Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A.S Industry District, www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com.cn America Contact: 4F., Township East Contact: County (R.O.C) Contact: www.elitscreens.com.tw www.elitescreens.com