010410-JA www.elitescreens.com
top/bottom Tension top/bottom Elbow Wall Screws Plates Black cloth (AcousticPro1080 only) Please included proceeding to ASSEMBLING THE FRAME the to the and then with screws the other to the and then with screws.
Please the screws completely, to the correctly both the Short Short
four together following the showed below. that four right to the four together the screws included. the of the the and the four corners that they right Screw
Attaching the to the the and and the through the to their each of the as below. the the back of the built and the the each the back of the four and the plates to the back of the to the creating tight and Tension Tension Tension Tension of Tension
This to AcousticPro1080 AcousticPro1080 The counters the effects of light that would otherwise light items the and the The the and the the the back of the white (AcousticPro1080) and then the as they the of The the the back of the creating friction that the and to the to the attached to the tops of the The and tight to the as the of the plates themselves and stretched from to around four Black AcousticPro1080 Black Tension (stretches the AcousticPro1080 plate AcousticPro1080 and the AcousticPro1080 Black Black AcoousticPro1080 Plate
Attaching the Plates that the and both clean, and the the Please the noticeably stretching the to amount of attaching the plates the of the and then with the as shown Follow these instructions to the properly the of the attaching the plates (the of the please the plates (the of the and them and the plates and them Then to follow recommended to properly to the the each of the to assembly. the the top the back of the the where the with the the of the and that both of the with the below
the top of the the top location to This to and to the location with (recommended) and the of where the to with the to the screws included. the with the the location and screw them screwdriver. below and and the the top as shown and the of the to the installation. The allow flexibility allowing the to to the This as allows properly centered. Wall
CAUTION Please follow these instructions to and with the please that other such as switches, outlets, the Fixed-Frame the or the that the mounting anchors and that the strong and structurally sound as and heavy should. (Please the installation) of high and should with cover the with to from or other cleaning, cloth with to the or to chemicals or cleaners the to the touching directly with or other or should of reach of children with household WARNING The of high-quality and should with cloth with to the To the to chemicals or cleaners the and to with or sharp/abrasive
warranty and from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below): Refurbished and warranty. the warranty DOA (Defective reported within business of RMA Authorization) issued to the DOA (Defective with below) the DOA and/or confirmed defective. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Should reported the the item shipped to warranty reported within the (DOA) If reported only and to If reported of of the and DO NOT unauthorized items to as they refused shippers The RMA included the of and warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the of *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) or based Warranty and Service please RMA /Service Please this Warranty information: Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: Warranty
warranty US Warranty Please or Service Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or America: Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A.S Industry District, www.elitescreens.com.cn 1F. E. City www.elitscreens.com.tw America Contact: East Contact: Contact: Contact: