Theater Curved Projection www.elitescreens.com
Warning Please follow these instructions to and with Please that other such as switches, outlets, the to the the or the that the mounting anchors and that the and structurally sound as and heavy should. (Please the installation.) of high and should with cover the with to from or other cleaning, cloth with to the or to chemicals or cleaners the To the the directly with or other or should of reach with household The of highquality and should with cloth with to the To the to chemicals or cleaners the and touching the with or www.elitescreens.com
the Please below included proceeding with the installation. A. Drywall anchor B. LBracket C. LBracket D. YBracket E. M5 Screw F. Screw G. Plate H. I. J. K. Screw L. Tension M. Upright N. Curved O. Screen www.elitescreens.com
Instructions Assembly both Elbow (J) each Curved (N) and four together as shown below. that four corners right to and together with the M5 screws (E). the (O) and Tension (L) clean and and the the back of the www.elitescreens.com Black of the Upright Curved
the Tension (L) through the to their each of the the the each the back of the the Plates (F) to the back of the to the tight and www.elitescreens.com Tension Plate
Black This AcousticP otherwise edure light The Black the then the The ate to the www.elitescr AS reens.com to Acou The the the ojection the plate the as theyre plates the of to the cousticP the the of light and AcousticPro10 AcousticPro1080 Black Tension the the back of the whi the back o back of the info@ hat would and the Screen Black Plate ite (AcousticPr the of the reating friction to o the and of to
ATTACH THE FIX PLATES that the and clean, and the the The noticeably stretching the to amount of attaching the Plates the of the Curved and then with the Follow these instructions to the properly the of the attaching the Plates (the of the please the plates (the of the and them and the and them Then to follow recommended to properly to the www.elitescreens.com
CENTER SUPPORT BAR the (I) each of the (H) to assembly. the (H) the top the back of the the where the with the the of the and that both of the with the the top of the the top location as shown below to the This to and to the www.elitescreens.com
INSTALLATION Curved www.elitescreens.com MidPoint (LBracket) Wall
height, the and the of the MidPoint The of the with the the of the and the The top of the with the with the to the included Screws (F) the with the the location and screw then screwdriver. the the YBracket (D) and the of the to the insertion of the the Combine the LBracket (B) with the mounted LBracket (C) using the Screws (K) and then the only to and four LBrackets (B). The allowing the to to the This as allows to properly centered. www.elitescreens.com
Curve235- Curved Upright M5*15 Assembly Screw Tension of as reference only and to without Unit: www.elitescreens.com Tension Plate Drywall anchor M5*45 Screw LBracket LBracket YBracket Screw (A1) Height (A2) (B1) Height (B2) (C) (D) (E)
Unit:mm Curve235-85 Curve235-96 Curve235-103 Curve235-115 Curve235-125 Curve235-138 Curve235-158 Unit: 5W 6W 3W 5W 5W 8W 8W Curve235-85 Curve235-96 Curve235-103 Curve235-115 Curve235-125 Curve235-138 Curve235-158 5W 6W 3W 5W 5W 8W 8W www.elitescr AS spect (A) spect (A) as and Unit: (A2) (A1) (B) (A2) (A1) (B) to without info@ wing ght B2 C (B wing ght B2 C (B (D) (D)
Warranty and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below). Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR (Government, Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only. Units 90DAY and warranty. Each the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the or received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Not Unauthorized Items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the issued. reported within of If reported the and If reported of the of and New or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based North America U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA/Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: www.elitescreens.com/warranty Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: REMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT AT: www.elitescreens.com www.elitescreens.com
Info US Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A.S Industry District, www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com.cn 4F., Township County (R.O.C) www.elitscreens.com.tw America Contact: East Contact: Contact: www.elitescreens.com