Screen www.elitescreens.com
Accessory Wall IR RF +12V 12V Battery www.elitescreens.com Please to the when the IR
and Warning Precautions to this and follow the specified: Please this reference. To the the to the or heavy the cord; the properly to the to shock or fire. the from or to shock or to or If to replaced, to There serviceable the authorized technicians this To the of shock or fire, and that the this connected to flow. rating the the rated the when or with this the following Disconnect the the of heavy wind, or sunshine, shower or from fire and high to this from overheating. off the first or www.elitescreens.com
Warning to this prohibited and the warranty. Please the Service NOTE: This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following To and operation, to properly grounded advised. The outlet supplying to the should to the and easily or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected the or www.elitescreens.com
12V 12V Home2 -----allows to its and with the The when the and when the IR Wall and The Wall IR and the to the IR or to the The IR from the of the casing to line-of-sight option IR It to the and its to from the of the allows line-of-sight recessed installation. Included with the that the perfectly when NOTE Please the as the The should the to that To Projection Interface DC12V of of Wall- mounted www.elitescreens.com 0V of
Please this to installation. the rating to that of the rating when used. the with this of fire, shock, or from the of this with the mounted with professional to INSTALLATION MOUNTING INSTALLATION Allow of the front and back of the I. Anchors wall/ceilings; anchors included mounting II. screws to wall/ceiling than or to inches anchors should installations of greater than inches III. the the and to the locking it the MOUN IN ACCE SS OR ES assembly the the casing mounting. C Warning: screws each type Wall Mounted Mounted Recessed Mounted These included with the ceiling/wall and anchors www.elitescreens.com C
The IR connected from the This the IR (Infra-Red) with This the RF of Battery AAA with of Battery AAA Please to to the when the IR The IR with Universal Learning the IR Universal Learning Although the IR of sight with the IR to function, from sight and operated using the RF the buttons should hear that the properly. www.elitescreens.com The connected from the to the IR UP Stop RF
Q: function? A: There things A. and that the properly B.) Please the to location of C.) If with the switch with the the D.) with with Thermal relay. This would include Tension and VMAX with This off the the becomes too overheating of the To this, and Q: the cleaned? A: The cleaned with and Q: What type of the A: The IR and RF AAA Q: Can manually the A: manually the the Q: IR to with learning IR to this? A: IR and to the of Please the of to about remotes to function with If they then the following of VMAX2 Home2(3) and Tension2(3) Stop: Down: Q: What the the white A: The white of specs, info please Updated FAQ, please www.elitescreens.com www.elitescreens.com
warranty and from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below): Refurbished and warranty. or items AS IS items and warranty. Each the warranty DOA (Defective On within business of RMA Authorization) issued to the DOA (Defective On with below) the DOA and/or confirmed Once the received, to the ground service (based Should reported the the item shipped to warranty reported within the (DOA) If and If reported of of the and *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) or based Please unauthorized items to as they refused. The RMA included the of and warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the of reported within business of the Product. Customer incurred Inspect shipments If or the of the of the and the to acknowledge the clear or items or there the to inspection of the with the Cooperate and follow as to Immediately of or merchandise to with the of the of the and inspection as and boxes with the DO NOT throw thing Although the of the or freight Warranty and Service please RMA /Service Please this Warranty information: Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: www.elitescreens.com
to warranty with Inc. A. On (F aster and B. to Customer Service Address: City/State/Zip: Address: of Purchase: Purchased from of the What Application: Education Corporation Government would this If of to with please to: technical please or Customer Service warranty please to: or Customer Service Others and www.elitescreens.com
www.elitescreens.com