Projection VMAX PLUS SERIES www.elitescreens.com
to this and follow the below. The Black Top already to its There NO Black Top the Please of this as warranty with or the installations) to this and warranty. information, please Technical Please this reference. To the with unauthorized recommended the the to To and operation, to properly grounded advised. The outlet supplying to the should to the and easily the or heavy the and properly to creating the to shock or fire to or There serviceable this to this yourself. authorized technicians and repairs to this the this connected to flow. If there to cord, the rating as the to overheat. the when or with this the following Disconnect the the of heavy wind, or Sunshine, shower and from fire and high to this from overheating. off the supply first or from the supply when the of as should with other household To and/or shock, to the there or there www.elitescreens.com Warning Precautions
to the instructions this reference only. Please further and The that mounting to the installation. installations. The Top Black to its There NO top the Please of this as the of warranty. to this prohibited and the warranty with the Please Customer Service NOTE: This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that the interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the of the which casing the interference. Increase the the and the receiver. the other than the the the clean to the from to the of with such as and/or of the mounting the should securely that the or the the casing to become or The that the of and the location. NOTE www.elitescreens.com Warning
Please below included proceeding. Red+ A. B. C. D. Wall Switch D. E. F. AAA www.elitescreens.com VMAX
Please professional installations. Select the location that within reasonable from built-in mount the VMAX PLUS The professional to and the to this (RJ-45) Wall Switch and IR to the and board. www.elitescreens.com Instructions
information, please If please the supply. The without the to the that If the with the switch with the please the fresh batteries. the every months to operation of the Q: function? A: and that the properly The the to checked. Please the location. The this with thermal relay. This off the the of the becoming too This the from overheating. If should this, please the Q: the cleaned? A: The cleaned with and Q: What type of the A: The IR and RF AAA Q: Can manually the A: manually the the and warranty. Q: IR to with learning IR to this? A: IR and to the of Please the of to about remotes to function with If they then the following of VMAX2, VMAX PLUS Home2 and CineTension Stop: Down: www.elitescreens.com Troubleshooting FAQS
as reference only and to without www.elitescreens.com VMAX PLUS Table
and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below). Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR (Government, Educational, Religious) purchases of only. Refurbished Units 90-DAY and warranty. Each the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the or received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Not Unauthorized Items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the issued. reported within of If reported the and If reported of the of and New or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based North America U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA/Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: www.elitescreens.com/warranty Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: REMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT AT: WWW.ELITESCREENS.COM www.elitescreens.com Warranty
US Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A.S Industry District, www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com.cn 4F., Township County (R.O.C) www.elitscreens.com.tw America Contact: East Contact: Contact: www.elitescreens.com Information