MATTE WHITE FOR MODELS F60NWV F72NWV F84NWV F100NWV F84NWH F100NWH USERS GUIDE
PARTS IDENTIFICATION:
Warning! from the followed. with fire and to the or fireplace or high such as BBQ or heater. the the reach of Installation: The to as easy to of Its to or packed, the with ease and within seconds. should free from and heat or such as heater, BBQ or fireworks the the the of the each and the foot right the footboard and the cover
the cover: Unlatch the both of the and the cover. Next, the with while the with other hand. the that the the front facing the as the then the of the the plate as shown below. the the with hand, the and the First the locking and then the with the hand as to upwards the stretched to the Plate
the the with the when the stretched to the and then the locking clockwise with the right the properly completely assembled
the the with the and the locking counter-clockwise with the right hand. Then the the retracted and the locking to the the from the about and then to the and the the the the to its shortest and the locking the from the
the Properly the the to the the when carrying. the back Slightly each of the rotating the they back with the the The recommended would of the or closet, the choice to
The following should noted to the sound performance of the hand to the the with Don't the with or Please cloth or to the The cleaned Warranty and *Warranty to the United States of America. Warranty of the US through their international warranty and from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below): Refurbished and warranty. or items AS IS items and warranty. cover ground charges warranty within of DOA (Defective On the warranty the the DOA RMA Authorization) issued to or the with below) the and/or Once the received, to the ground service to inventory reported within the of If and If reported of the of the and *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based Please the below warranty information
WO WAY TO REGISTER YOUR WARRANTY WITH LITE CREENS NC A. On and B. to Customer Service Address: City/State/Zip Address: *Phone: of Purchase: Purchased from of the What Application: Education Corporation Government Others would this info: If of to with please to or www.elitescreens.com technical
White FOR MODELS F68XWS1 F60XWV1 F84XWV1 F74XCH1 F84XCH1 USERS GUIDE
Warning! from the followed. with fire and the or or high such as BBQ or heater. Black White The to the of the to the The to from the Top It inches the of the the the reach of Top
Instructions: The should free of strong and from fire activity such as heater, BBQ or fireworks the feet the of the each and them they right the cover: Unlatch the both of the and the cover. the the its and the height The back The shortly the exposed.
the Press the motion and allow the to back the housing. Closing the both and that the closed securely. the back: Slightly of the and the the of the they with the
the The recommended or closet, the choice to The following should noted to the sound performance of the to the the Don't the with or Please cloth or to from the Warranty and warranty and from purchase as follows refurbished Refurbished and warranty. or items AS IS items and warranty. the warranty DOA (Defective On within business of RMA within the (DOA) If reported as specified below): Authorization) issued to the DOA (Defective On with below) the DOA and/or confirmed Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Should reported the the item shipped to warranty only and If of of the and
WO WAY TO REGISTER YOUR WARRANTY WITH LITE CREENS NC A. On and B. to Customer Service Address: City/State/Zip Address: *Phone: of Purchase: Purchased from of the What Application: Education Corporation Government Others would this info: If of to with please to or www.elitescreens.com technical