www.elitescreens.com USERS GUIDE
Warning! from the such as BBQ or heater. The to the of the to the The to from the Top It inches the of the Black with practicing fire and the or fireplace or high the the reach of White Screen Top
the The should of and from fire activity such as heater, BBQ or fireworks the the of the each and them they right the cover: Unlatch the both of the and the cover. the the its and the height The back The shortly the exposed.
the Press the motion and allow the to back the housing. Closing the both and that the securely. the back: Slightly of the and the the of the they with the
the The recommended would or closet, the choice to The following should noted to the sound performance of the hand to the the Don't the with or Please clean cloth or to from the
Unit: Ratio F60XWV1 F84XWV1 F100XWV1 F74XWH1 F84XWH1 F100XWH1 F95XWS1 Unit: Inch Ratio F60XWV1 F84XWV1 F100XWV1 F74XWH1 F84XWH1 F100XWH1 F95XWS1 as reference and to without (A) (A1) (A2) (A) (A1) (A2) Height (B) (A3) Height (B) (A3) Height Height B3 (B1) (B2) Screen Height B3 (B1) (B2) N.W. Height (KGS) (D) (C) N.W. Height (LBS) (D) (C)
Warranty and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below): Each the warranty International such as and RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option, or the with below) the received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Please unauthorized items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the of reported within of If reported only and If of of the and *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) or based North America only: U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA /Service Please this Warranty information: to
CONTACTS US Warranty Please or Service Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or America: Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com Industry District, www.elitescreens.com.cn E. District, City www.elitscreens.com.tw S.A.S www.elitescreens.com/fr America Contact: East Contact: Contact: