www.elitescreens.com
to this and follow the below. The Black Top already to its There NO Black Top the Please of this as warranty with or the installations) to this and warranty. information, please Technical Please this reference. To the with unauthorized recommended the the to To and operation, to properly grounded advised. The outlet supplying to the should to the and easily the or heavy the cord. the properly to creating To shock or fire, to or the cord. The internal of this serviceable. to this yourself. authorized technicians and repairs to this the that this to flow. If there to cord, the rating as the to heat. the when or with this the following the the of heavy or light, shower and from fire and high to this from overheating. off the supply first or To and/or shock, to this there or there www.elitescreens.com Warning
to the instructions this reference only. Please professional further and The that mounting to the installation. installations. instructions, please Technical The Top Black already to its There NO top the Please of this as the of warranty. to this prohibited and the warranty with the Please Customer Service NOTE: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to However, there that the interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the of the which casing the interference. Increase the the and the receiver. the other than the the the to the from to the of with such as and/or of the mounting the should securely that the or the the casing to become or The that the of and the location. NOTE www.elitescreens.com Warning
Please below included proceeding. A. B. C. D. IR Remote RF Wall Switch IR Red+ E. F. G. 12V AAA www.elitescreens.com
Please items below included proceeding with the Please professional installations. C each (B) through the right located the top of the www.elitescreens.com QTY A. Screw Wall Anchor 2EA. B. C. Screw Anchor 2EA. D. Bracket or Instructions
the Bracket (D) through the located below the with the top of the (B) and slightly the located the top of the to the the location to the screw and the to the of the to and enclosed. mount to www.elitescreens.com mount to Top Allow of the front and back of the
information, please If please the supply. The without the to the that If the with the switch with the please the fresh the months to of the Q: function? A: and that the properly The the to checked. Please the location. The this with thermal relay. This off the the of the becoming too This the from overheating. If should this, please the Q: the cleaned? A: The cleaned with and Q: What type of the A: The IR and RF AAA batteries. Q: Can manually the A: manually the the and warranty. Q: IR to with learning IR to this? A: IR and to the of Universal Please the of to about to function with If they then the following of VMAX2 Home2 and CineTension Stop: Down: Q: What the the white A: The white of information, please www.elitescreens.com/home2 www.elitescreens.com Troubleshooting FAQS
as reference and to without www.elitescreens.com
and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below). Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR (Government, Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only. Refurbished Units 90-DAY and warranty. Each the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the or received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Not Unauthorized Items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the issued. reported within of If reported the and If of the of and New or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based North America U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA/Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: www.elitescreens.com/warranty Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: REMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT AT: WWW.ELITESCREENS.COM www.elitescreens.com Warranty
US Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or America: Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A.S Industry District, www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com.cn 4F., Township County (R.O.C) www.elitscreens.com.tw America Contact: East Contact: Contact: www.elitescreens.com Information