Projection CineTension www.elitescreens.com
to this and follow the below. Please this reference. To the with unauthorized recommended the the to To and operation, to properly grounded The outlet supplying to the should to the and easily the or heavy the cord. the properly to creating To shock or fire, to or the cord. The internal of this user serviceable. to this yourself. authorized technicians and repairs to this the that this connected to If there to cord, the rating as the to heat. the when or with this the following the the of heavy or light, shower and from fire and high to this from overheating. off the supply first or To and/or shock, to this there or there www.elitescreens.com Warning
to the instructions this reference only. Please professional further and The that mounting to the installations. instructions, please The Top Black already to its There NO top the Please of this as the of warranty. to this and the warranty with the Please Screens Customer Service NOTE: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that the interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the of the which casing the interference. Increase the the and the receiver. the outlet other than the the the to the from to the of with such as and/or of the mounting the should securely that the or the the casing to become or The that the of and the location. NOTE www.elitescreens.com Warning
Please below included proceeding. A. B. C. D. IR Remote RF Remote Wall Switch IR Red+ E. F. G. 12V AAA www.elitescreens.com CineTension
5-12V The built-in 5-12V input allows to its with the The when the and when the The to that or the of the The without from the tested the and to battery. Wall Switch: The switch mount with and directly the RJ-45 input. IR The of sight with of www.elitescreens.com CineTension Wall switch Red: DC IR The IR directly the RJ-45 input to line-of-sight option IR recessed installation. IR RF Remote The waves the of sight with of UP Stop RJ-45 input 5-12V
CineTension Please items below included proceeding with the installation. Please professional installations. each (B) through the right located the top of the the Bracket (D) through the located below the with the top of the (B) and slightly the located the top of the to the C www.elitescreens.com QTY A. Screw Wall Anchor 2EA. B. 2EA. C. Screw Anchor D. Bracket or Installation Instructions
the location to the screw and the to the of the CineTension to and the Tension This required. The to its performance. Please to the and warranty. If the and the clockwise to the To release the and the counter-clockwise. mount to www.elitescreens.com mount to Top Enclosed Allow of the front and back of the Tension
information, please If please the supply. The without the to the that If the with the switch with the please the fresh batteries. the months to of the Q: function? A: and that the properly The the to checked. Please the location. The this with thermal relay. This off the screen the of the becoming too This the from overheating. If should this, please the Q: the cleaned? A: The cleaned with and Q: What type of the A: The IR and RF AAA Q: Can manually the A: manually the the and warranty. Q: IR to with learning IR to this? A: IR and to the of Universal Please the of to about remotes to function with If they then the following of VMAX2 Home2 and CineTension Stop: Down: Q: What the the white A: The white of information, please www.elitescreens.com/cinetension2 www.elitescreens.com Troubleshooting FAQS
as reference only and to without www.elitescreens.com CineTension Table
and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below). Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR (Government, Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only. Refurbished Units 90-DAY and warranty. Each the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the or received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Not Unauthorized Items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the issued. within of If reported the and If of the of and New or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based North America only U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA/Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: www.elitescreens.com/warranty Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: REMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT AT: WWW.ELITESCREENS.COM www.elitescreens.com Warranty
US Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A.S Industry District, www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com.cn 4F., Township County (R.O.C) www.elitscreens.com.tw America Contact: East Contact: Contact: www.elitescreens.com Information