Projection VMAX www.elitescreens.com
to this and follow the below. The Black Top already to its There NO Black Top the Please of this as warranty with or the installations) to this prohibited and warranty. information, please Technical Please this reference. To the with unauthorized recommended the the to To and operation, to properly grounded advised. The supplying to the should to the and easily the or heavy the and properly to creating the to shock or fire to or There user serviceable this to this yourself. authorized technicians and repairs to this the this connected to flow. If there to cord, the rating as the to overheat. the when or with this the following the the of heavy wind, or Sunshine, shower and from fire and high to this from overheating. off the first or from the supply when the of as should with other household To and/or shock, to the there or there www.elitescreens.com Warning Precautions
to the instructions this reference only. Please professional further and The that mounting to the installation. installations. The Top Black already to its There NO top the Please of this as the of warranty. to this and the warranty with the Please Customer Service NOTE: This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that the interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the of the which casing the interference. Increase the the screen and the receiver. the outlet other than the the the to the from to the of with such as and/or of the mounting the should securely that the or the the casing to become or The that the of and the location. NOTE www.elitescreens.com Warning
Please below included proceeding. Red+ A. B. C. D. Remote Wall Switch D. E. F. AAA www.elitescreens.com VMAX
5-12V The built-in 5-12V input allows to its with the The when the and when the The to that or the of the The without from the tested connecting the and to battery. Wall Switch: The switch mount with and directly the RJ-45 input. IR Remote The of sight with beam of www.elitescreens.com VMAX Wall switch Red: DC IR The IR directly the RJ-45 input to of-sight option IR recessed installation. IR RF Remote The waves the of sight with of UP Stop RJ-45 input 5-12V
Please professional installations. Select the location that within reasonable from of it to the of houses internal framework. If hollow anchors mounting screws If to professional or professional to that the screws and/or used. that both with another. screws to to the hollow anchors mounting The casing to the screws directly. If the Optional L-Brackets to the washer the head of the wall-screw and the anchor the the that located the back of the casing the and the screw and least from the to mount the optional chains included). Optional to the from the www.elitescreens.com Instructions
information, please If please the supply. The without the to the that If the with the switch with the please the fresh the every months to operation of the Q: function? A: and that the properly The the to checked. Please the location. The this with thermal relay. This off the the of the becoming too This the from overheating. If should this, please the Q: the cleaned? A: The cleaned with and Q: What type of the A: The IR and RF AAA batteries. Q: Can manually the A: manually the the and warranty. Q: IR to with learning IR to this? A: IR and to the of Universal Please the of to about remotes to function with If they then the following of VMAX2 Home2 and CineTension Stop: Down: www.elitescreens.com Troubleshooting FAQS
as reference only and to without www.elitescreens.com VMAX
and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below). Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR (Government, Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only. Refurbished Units 90-DAY and warranty. the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the or received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Not Unauthorized Items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the issued. reported within of If reported the and If reported of the of and New or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based North America U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA/Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: www.elitescreens.com/warranty Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: REMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT AT: WWW.ELITESCREENS.COM www.elitescreens.com Warranty
US Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or America: Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A.S Industry District, www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com.cn 4F., Township County (R.O.C) www.elitscreens.com.tw America Contact: East Contact: Contact: www.elitescreens.com Information