Format Projection Tension www.elitescreens.com
to this and follow the below. The Black Top already to its There NO Black Top the Please of this as warranty with or the installations) to this prohibited and warranty. information, please Technical Please this reference. To the with recommended the the to To and operation, to properly grounded advised. The supplying to the should to the and easily the or heavy the cord. the properly to creating To shock or fire, to or the cord. The of this user serviceable. to this yourself. authorized technicians and repairs to this the that this connected to flow. If there to cord, the rating as the to heat. the when or with this the following Disconnect the the of heavy or light, shower and from fire and high to this from overheating. off the supply first or To and/or shock, to this there or there www.elitescreens.com Warning Precautions
to the instructions this reference only. Please professional further and The that mounting to the installation. installations. instructions, please Technical The Top Black already to its There NO top the Please of this as the of warranty. to this prohibited and the warranty with the Please Customer Service NOTE: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that the interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the of the which casing the interference. Increase the the and the receiver. the outlet other than the the the clean to the from to the of with such as and/or of the mounting the should securely that the or the the casing to become or The insure that the of and the location. NOTE www.elitescreens.com Warning
Please below included proceeding. A. B. C. IR RF Wall Switch Red+ D. E. F. IR AAA www.elitescreens.com Tension
Tension The Tension the of HDTV and which operated with the included Remote or the Wall Switch. The and allow to both built the The IR connected to the RJ- input to the with the Remote UP UP Wall Switch the as shown below. Press the the or the Wall Switch to and the www.elitescreens.com
HDTV: Press the of the optional and the the housing while the Press the UP of the options and the completely retract. Please items below included proceeding with the installation. Tension C www.elitescreens.com QTY A. Screw Hollow Anchor B. Mounting Bracket C. M4 Screw
Please professional installations. The Tension or optional please information about the optional the rating to that of the rating when used. the of this of fire, shock, or from the of this the mounted with professional to the location of where the to and the Mounting Bracket (B) with the the Screw (A) and (B) Mounting Bracket (A) Screw the top of the the Mounting (B and to the Screen the to the with the M4 Screw (C) (C) M4 Screw www.elitescreens.com Instructions
information, please If please the supply. The without the to the that If the with the switch with the please the fresh the every months to operation of the Q: function? A: and that the properly The the to Please the location. The this with thermal relay. This off the the of the becoming too This the from overheating. If should this, please the Q: the cleaned? A: The cleaned with and Q: What type of the A: The IR and RF AAA batteries. Q: Can manually the A: manually the the and warranty. Q: IR to with learning IR to this? A: IR and to the of Universal Please the of to about remotes to function with If they then the following of Tension Q: What the the white A: The white of information, please www.elitescreens.com/cinetension2 www.elitescreens.com Troubleshooting FAQS
as reference and to without www.elitescreens.com Tension Table
and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below). Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR (Government, Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only. Units 90-DAY and warranty. Each the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the or received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Not Unauthorized Items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the issued. reported within of If the and If reported of the of and New or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based North America U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA/Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: www.elitescreens.com/warranty Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: REMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT AT: WWW.ELITESCREENS.COM www.elitescreens.com Warranty
US Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A.S Industry District, www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com.cn 4F., Township County (R.O.C) www.elitscreens.com.tw America Contact: East Contact: Contact: www.elitescreens.com Information