Projection www.elitescreens.com
to this and follow the below. The Black Top already to its There NO Black Top the Please of this as warranty with or the installations) to this and warranty. information, please Technical Please this reference. To the with unauthorized recommended the the to To and operation, to properly grounded advised. The outlet supplying to the should to the and easily the or heavy the and properly to creating the to shock or fire to or There serviceable this to this yourself. authorized technicians and repairs to this the this connected to flow. If there to cord, the rating as the to overheat. the when or with this the following the the of heavy wind, or Sunshine, shower and from fire and high to this from overheating. off the supply first or from the when the of as should with other household To and/or shock, to the there or there www.elitescreens.com Warning Precautions
to the instructions this reference only. Please professional further and The that mounting to the installation. installations. The Top Black already to its There NO top the Please of this as the of warranty. to this and the warranty with the Please Customer Service NOTE: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that the interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the of the which casing the interference. Increase the the and the receiver. the other than the the the to the from to the of with such as and/or NOTE of the mounting the should securely that the or the the casing to become or The that the of and the location. www.elitescreens.com Warning
the the Please below included proceeding with the Please below included proceeding with the Please below included proceeding with the installation. Mounting Bracket Screw M10 Anchor Bracket Connector Screw Bracket Connector www.elitescreens.com QTY
Please professional installations. Mount to the Wall the location of where the to and the M10 Anchors the Mounting to the and with the Screws Mounting Mounting Bracket Plate Anchor Screw Mounting Bracket Plate Wall Mounting Bracket www.elitescreens.com Instructions
the to the Mounting the top of the to the first and the back of the to the the securely attached to the Mounting Mounting Bracket Mounting Bracket Plate Plate www.elitescreens.com Mounting Bracket
Mount to the the location of where the to and the M10 Anchors the Mounting to the and with the Screws M10 Anchor the to the Mounting Bracket the top of the to the first and the back of the to the the securely attached to the Plate www.elitescreens.com Mounting Bracket Plate Screw Mounting Bracket Plate Plate
Chains Chains required) You the chains included the Bracket Connector to the You the chains included). the Bracket Connector to the Mounting Bracket and with the Screws Mounting Bracket chains included) through the of the Bracket Connector Bracket Connector Bracket Connector www.elitescreens.com Bracket C Screw included) through the of the Bracket Connector included) through the of the Bracket Connector Bracket Connector and with
Switch Switch The with Switch attached to the Cord, which length. the to the the cord. Up/Stop/Down Switch from Mounting the Mounting Bracket Release and the of the first, from the wall/ceiling, the top of the Release www.elitescreens.com with Switch attached to the Cord, which with Switch attached to the Cord, which to the the cord. to the the cord. from Mounting Bracket Release and the of the first, Bracket Release and the of the first, the top of the of first from wall/ceiling. of first from wall/ceiling.
ZPM-RT Optional Remote Please to purchase the Please to purchase the optional ZPM-RT Remote A. IR RF Remote Wall Switch Red+ E. 12V IR www.elitescreens.com RT Optional Remote B. C. RF Wall Switch AAA Battery F. G. IR Wall Remote D. AAA Battery
ZPM-RT Instructions the Switch from the as shown below. Switch Screen the Wall (G) to the as shown below. Wall (G) www.elitescreens.com
ZPM-RT Instructions Please this installations. the of both the Wall (G) and the attached Switch to the wires. Wall (G) the wires from the to the Wall (G) to their Common Common Ground The Wall (G) should connected to as shown below. Wall (G) www.elitescreens.com
Wall Switch (C) the Switch (C) to the Wall (G) and mount Wall (G) Wall Switch (C) (E) the (E) to the Wall (G) to Wall (G) (E) DC12V 0V to IR (F) the IR (F) to the Wall (G) high or Wall (G) IR Remote (A) IR (F) www.elitescreens.com
as reference and to without www.elitescreens.com Table Unit:
Year and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below). Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR (Government, Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only. Refurbished Units 90-DAY and warranty. Each the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the or received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Not Unauthorized Items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the issued. reported within of If reported the and If of the of and New or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based North America U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA/Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: www.elitescreens.com/warranty Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: REMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT AT: WWW.ELITESCREENS.COM www.elitescreens.com Warranty
US Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or America: Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A.S Industry District, www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com.cn 4F., Township County (R.O.C) www.elitscreens.com.tw America Contact: East Contact: Contact: www.elitescreens.com Information