the the of the mounting the should securely that when retracted, deployed, or the the become or The that the of and the location. SRM with built-in www.elitescreens.com
Mount to the Wall the location of where the to the the and the the screw the and about of inch from the to mount the Mount from the located back of and right Mounting required) You the included) and the located each of the www.elitescreens.com of
the or allow the to the when the or to the the from the or from the to the the or touch the as the and the warranty. internal the to and the If to the to back, the than inches and the back and smoothly releasing gently. The with SLOW RETRACT MECHANISM (SRM) which allows the to without the to to the or release the and the release and the the If the that the and to to If this with force the straight to the Improperly the the or Clean white with cloth and with its housing to the clean. www.elitescreens.com
from Edge to Height Aspect Ratio (A) (A1) (A2) (A3) (B4) Height (B3) (B1) (B) (B5) (C) to (C1) M85XWS1-SRM M99NWS1-SRM M113NWS1-SRM M84NWV-SRM M100NWV1-SRM M120XWV2-SRM Unit: Can't and ratio to Screen Screen from Edge to Height Height Aspect Ratio (A) (A1) (A2) (A3) (B4) (B3) (B1) (B) (B5) (C) to (C1) M85XWS1-SRM M99NWS1-SRM M113NWS1-SRM M84NWV-SRM M100NWV1-SRM M120XWV2-SRM Unit: inch Can't and ratio to The reference only. Please to and to its products with or Although offer or the or otherwise installations. B4 www.elitescreens.com A1 B1 A2 A3 B3 C B5 C1 Unit:mm 5 10.5
and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below). Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR (Government, Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only. Refurbished Units 90DAY and warranty. the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the or received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Unauthorized Items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the issued. reported within of If reported the and fees. If reported of the of and New or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based North America only U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA/Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: www.elitescreens.com/warranty Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: www.elitescreens.com Warranty www.elitescreens.com
US Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or ASIA: Industry District, www.elitescreens.com.cn EUROPE: www.elitescreens.com Information America California www.elitescreens.com 1F. E. District City (R.O.C.) www.elitescreens.com.tw S.A.S www.elitescreens.com/fr LATIN AMERICA: www.elitescreens.com/sp
www.elitescreens.com Notes
www.elitescreens.com