StarBright7 Projection 091709JA www.elitescreens.com
Attention: The StarBright7 of high Please follow the below procedures and to the of StarBright7 to comply warranty. using or which permanently the USE ONLY cloth with and to the DO NOT the cloth with force when cleaning to permanently scratching the DO NOT the with USE ONLY feathered to
top Tension top/bottom StarBright7 Elbow Wall Screws Plates Please included proceeding to ASSEMBLING THE FRAME to and then with screws the other to the and then with screws.
Please the screws completely, to the correctly both the four together following the showed below. four together following the showed below. Short Short
that four corners right to the four together the screws included. of the as below. the of the the and the four corners that they right Screw
The crafted to its as high high front of this, to assembling the please the and It easy to crease this or otherwise inappropriately. Instead of and to to Please the from and that they tread The the the with the instructions and service the assembly. StarBright7
Attaching the StarBright7 to the To to the please the (included) and the and and the protective the The back of the and as shown the the back of the assembled as shown the and with the as shown the white as shown the through the to the each of the and the the of each the back of the as shown the plates to the the indicated the the back of the as shown plate White
CAUTION Please follow these instructions to and with StarBright7 the please that other such as switches, outlets, the Fixed-Frame the or the that the mounting anchors and that the and structurally sound as and heavy should. Please the of high and should with cover the with to from or other to chemicals or cleaners the to the touching directly with or other or should of reach of children with household
the each of the to assembly. the the the back of the with the the of the and that both of the with the as below. the top of the the top location to This to and to the INSTALLATION location with (recommended) and the of where the to with the to the screws included. the with the the location and screw them using screwdriver. the the top as shown and the of the to the
than than
Unit: R76H-G7 R88H-G7 R103H-G7 R121H-G7 Unit: inch R76H-G7 R88H-G7 R103H-G7 R121H-G7 as reference only and to without Screen Diag/Aspect (A) Ratio Diag/Aspect (A) Ratio (A1) Height (B) (A1) Height (B) Height (C) (B1) (C) (B1) Height (D) Height (D)
Warranty warranty and from workmanship from purchase as follows. Each the warranty DOA (Defective within business of RMA Authorization) issued to or authorize warranty the DOA (Defective with below) the DOA received and/or Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Should the the item shipped to warranty reported within the (DOA) If and If reported of of the and DO NOT unauthorized items to as they refused shippers The RMA included the of and warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the of *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) or based Warranty and Service please RMA /Service Please this Warranty information: Customer Service and Technical please Telephone:(877)-511-1211
warranty US Warranty Please or Service Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or America: Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com Industry District, www.elitescreens.com.cn 1F. E. City www.elitscreens.com.tw America Contact: East Contact: Contact: Contact: