www.elitescreens.com Universal Mount A56-E25B2
The A56E25B2 mount with footprint It easy to low/high and shortthrow installations. It both and height to the right of and of the A56E25B2. of the A56E25B2. (L H) of the A56E25B2 with high or www.elitescreens.com SPECIFICATIONS of A56E25B2 without mount to the of A56 E25B2 as throw mount installation.
Mount M5 screws M5 screws www.elitescreens.com Short This to the to the to The to the to mounted. The of this mount the to or flushed to the The and with The to of the the US. screws the please the the option of mounted. Please reference the mount The mount the to motion. M5 screws M5 Washer M5 screws These mounting from the mount shortened or the and of The to to to reach the mount screw. the further reaching the screw with with screw type accessory; the mount to This the enough
Mount assembly with Optional purchased www.elitescreens.com height to M6 Threaded M6 M6 CSK o s.) The through the installation. plate mounting screws LCD/DLP M5 Washer M5 screws the mount. (Short). M6 Anchors M5 Washer M5 screws M5 Washer M5 screws M5 screws M5 Washer mount
Short-throw mount assembly the head screw from the Swivel to easily mount to as shortthrow Mount. Next to the Straight head screws from the Swivel. the to the Swivel (as shown and with screw and the screw and M5 the to the Swivel and both with the screws. At the other of the the Wall Plate and with the screws. to to to the Swivel and the Wall the to the the mount ready to attached to the and mounted directly to the or the optional ZA56WP (Wall Plates). Optional ZA56WP plate mount shortthrow mount www.shop.elitescreens.com www.elitescreens.com
Warranty and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below): Three year and warranty from workmanship GEMR (Government, Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only. Refurbished and warranty. the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory unauthorized items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the of reported within of If and If reported of of the and *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase (New or refurbished) based North America only, U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA /Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: EMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT AT www.elitescreens.com WWW ELITESCREENS COM REGISTER
Info US Warranty Please or Service or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or America: Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A. Industry District, www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com.cn America 4F., Township East County (R.O.C) www.elitescreens.com.tw www.elitescreens.com