www.elitescreens.com USERS GUIDE
PARTS IDENTIFICATION: Foot to Please the when and retracting the the New Functions and of F120 and anchor allows to to inch to the to the ground people the back Black Edge White Black Bracket foot and only. Cover anchor and only) screw only.
Warning! from the followed. with fire and to the near or fireplace or high such as BBQ or heater. the the reach of the The to as easy to of Its to or packed, the with ease and within seconds. should from and heat or such as heater, BBQ or fireworks the the the of the cover each and the foot right the footboard and the cover
the cover: Unlatch the both of the and the cover. Next, the with while removing the with other hand. the that the the front facing the as the then the of the the as shown below. the the with hand, the and the Plate
First the locking and then the with the as to upwards the stretched to the the the with the when the stretched to the and then the locking clockwise with the right the properly completely assembled
the the with the and the locking counter-clockwise with the right hand. Then the the retracted and the locking to the the from the about and then to the and the the the the to its shortest and the locking the from the
the Properly the the to the the when carrying. the back Slightly each of the rotating the they back with the the The recommended would of the or closet, the choice to The following should noted to the sound performance of the to the the with Don't the with or Please clean cloth or to the The cleaned with and cloth
Unit: (A) F60NWV F72NWV F84NWV F100NWV F120NWV F135NWV F150NWV F80NWH F84NWH F100NWH F120NWH F135NWH F150NWH Unit: Inch (A) F60NWV F72NWV F84NWV F100NWV F120NWV F135NWV F150NWV F80NWH F84NWH F100NWH F120NWH F135NWH F150NWH as reference and to without Table (A1) (A2) (A3) (A1) (A2) (A3) Height Height (B) (B1) Height Height (B) (B1) B3 Height (B2) (D) B3 Height (B2) (D) N.W. (KGS) (C) N.W. (LBS) (C)
Warranty and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below): the warranty International such as and RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option, or the with below) the received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Please unauthorized items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the of reported within of If reported and If reported of of the and *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) or based North America only: U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA /Service Please this Warranty information: to
Info: US Warranty Please or Service Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com Industry District, www.elitescreens.com.cn E. District City (R.O.C) www.elitscreens.com.tw S.A.S America Contact: East Contact: Contact: Contact: