ELITE SCREENS Whats the Please below included proceeding with Notes: the and longevity, ALWAYS and ONLY high whiteboard Please the microfiber cloth and to the every to fresh and Dry-Erase Projection QTY Whiteboard high whiteboard Microfiber cleaning cloth www.elitescreens.com
Section Screen ELITE SCREENS What The Screen that as writing This and to as with It easily its professional locations the Screen include internal office or whiteboards with Its and quality. To the instructional of this fully-functional whiteboard that ordinary This function both and white board effective and instructional this This ground-breaking of layers from its to the white and its outer The uniformity and while writing (These that whiteboard or reflective and its too To the function, its coated with scratch-resistant resin. of these factors what this such commodity. Follow these three Clean and slightly the wall-space where the to the release covering the as the the the and allow to about hours. www.elitescreens.com
Section Product Specifications ELITE SCREENS PVC It with or the throw technology. Its uniformity allows to easily from The easy to write and easy to of its specifications, high the as follows. It high and Instantly educational and Three to Apply, coated with scratch-resistant resin to longevity as the classroom or coating high uniformity and and Left/Right with 2-year Warranty www.elitescreens.com
ELITE SCREENS Clean the location where the Measure and the top-right and bottom-right of the location off inch of the the top and of the first Wall www.elitescreens.com
ELITE SCREENS the to the top-right and bottom-right of the location the while the and the first with Follow the while the and the as the Wall Wall Wall www.elitescreens.com
ELITE SCREENS Unroll the to the and the following the location. that the completely perfectly and to the and allow to about hours The to the of the It easily. Please to to the and positioning location. This directly to to the of the Wall Wall www.elitescreens.com
Warranty ELITE SCREENS and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory unauthorized items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the of within of If reported and If of of the and *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) or based North America only Warranty and Service please RMA /Service Please this Warranty information: Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: to Product www.elitescreens.com
Info ELITE SCREENS US Warranty Please or Service Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or ASIA: Industry District, www.elitescreens.com.cn 1F. E. District City (R.O.C.) www.elitescreens.com.tw EUROPE: America California www.elitescreens.com Office B203 Building District, City www.elitescreens.com.cn S.A.S www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com Office 1A, Building District, www.elitescreens.com.cn