Cin www.elitescr AS Scree info@
the Please below included proceeding with the installation. Top Tension Top Elbow Wall Screws Plates Black Cloth (AcousticPro only) Instructions the the Connector to the and with screws. www.elitescreens.com
the other to the and with screws. To the correctly, the screws assembly both Elbow the www.elitescreens.com o o
four together following the showed below four corners correctly to then the four together the included screws. www.elitescreens.com the of the the and the four corners that they right Screw
the to the the and Tension the Tension through the to their each of the the the back of the and the the of each of the the Plates to the back of the to the creating www.elitescreens.com Tension Tension of
Black AcousticPro1080 This to with AcousticPro The Black counters the of light that otherwise light items the and the the Black the and to the Plates. the the the back of the white (AcousticPro1080) and then the plates as they the of The the the back of the creating friction to the to the to the back of the AcousticPro1080 to the located the of the plates www.elitescreens.com AcousticPro1080 and Black the AcousticPro1080 Black Tension (stretches the AcousticPro1080 Plate Black
the Plates that the and both clean, and the of the The than the to stretched to amount of attaching the Plates the of each then the of each Follow these instructions to the properly the of the attaching the plates the and them and the from and Follow the to properly the plates to the the each of the the the top of the back the plates with the the of the and that both of the with the www.elitescreens.com
the top of the the top location to the installation. This to the and to the recommends included) to and the location. with the to the included screws. the Wall with the and screw them using screw with below and and the the top and the of the to the installation. The flexibility allowing the to to the This allows the to properly centered. www.elitescreens.com Wall
Please follow these instructions to and with the please that other such as switches, outlets, the FixedFrame the or the that the mounting anchors and that the and structurally sound as and heavy should. (Please the installation) of high and should with cover the with to from or other cleaning, cloth with to the or to chemicals or cleaners the to the touching directly with or other or should of reach of with household The of highquality and should with cloth with to the To the screen to chemicals or cleaners the and to touch with or Warning www.elitescreens.com
www.elitescr AS reens.com as reference and to thout info@
Warranty and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below). Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR (Government, Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only. Units 90DAY and warranty. the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the or received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Not Unauthorized Items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the issued. within of If the and If reported of the of and New or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based North America U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA/Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: www.elitescreens.com/warranty Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: REMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT AT: www.elitescreens.com www.elitescreens.com
Info US Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A.S Industry District, www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com.cn 4F., Township County (R.O.C) www.elitscreens.com.tw America Contact: East Contact: Contact: www.elitescreens.com