Projection 060809-JA www.elitescreens.com USERS GUIDE
Screen the A. the Follow the below and the upright with the the ground. the the Junction. Turn the casing that the casing to the ground with the facing the of the top Completely the as as they and them from that with their DO NOT the to should the Top locking Carrying height lock/release
B. the Follow the below and the and the the Top the to Effect from occurring. Effect caused when its causing to appear the The to that the the counter-clockwise to the of the and as to the height the Screen Height Lock/Release (to the located the Carrying to or the of the. Once the height the to the
C. the Follow the below and Unlock the the locking to the and the the to the of the the and the counter-clockwise to and release the of the Once the brought the the from the Top and the back the It to to the first and then the to the from and the Turn the vertically clockwise and the Top to the the them Lastly, the twisting clockwise To the the as as the or allow to the Clean the often when the of this
Unit: inches T71NWS1 T71UWS1 T85NWS1 T85UWS1 T99NWS1 T99UWS1 T113NWS1 T113UWS1 T119NWS1 T119UWS1 T136NWS1 T136UWS1 T84UWV1 T100UWV1 T120NWV T120UWV1 T92UWH T100UWH T120UWH as reference and to without (A) Top of Top of highest Screen Highest lowest (B1) (B2) (C1) lowest (D) (C2) closed closed (D2) (D3)
Warranty Information and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below): Refurbished and warranty. or items AS IS items and warranty. Each the warranty DOA (Defective On reported within business of RMA Authorization) issued to the DOA (Defective On with below) the DOA and/or confirmed Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Should reported the the item shipped to warranty reported within the (DOA) If reported and If of of the and *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) or based Please unauthorized items to as they refused shippers The RMA included the of and warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the of *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) or based within business of the Product. incurred Inspect shipments If or the of the of the and the to acknowledge the clear or items or there the to inspection of the with the Cooperate and follow as to Immediately of or merchandise to with the of the of the and inspection as and boxes with the DO NOT throw Although the of the or freight Warranty and Service please RMA /Service Please this Warranty information:
WWW ELITESCREENS COM REGISTER HTM US Warranty Please or Service Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com Industry District, www.elitescreens.com.cn E. District, City www.elitscreens.com.tw EMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR WARRANTY AT America Contact: East Contact: Contact: Contact: