Frame-Folding Projection
The and of with finish. Please follow the instructions this With years of service. Section that than the of the and its the as shown Once the that the click the The should elongated as The when the straightened. Press the to release the lock. While holding the of the the top of the to the which the when the the The should as Procedure the corners Top Top
Three Section that or the of the and its the that both the and as shown that the the the that its as shown While holding the of the the top of the to the which the latches when the the The should as the corners Top
T-Leg the T-Leg of the and its the as shown the the as shown the the click the as the corners
(optional recommended the with of and the of the and its Unfold the as shown the the buttons to the as shown the to the T-Leg the locking through the the spacers the as shown It to the spacers the whenever of the such as to AT, SAT and locking
(optional recommended the with of and the of the and as shown the to and the as shown the the locking through the using the spacers the as shown locking
Folding the Please the following the the to its Supports least locking through the Support, the and the each Height or Normal height from the of the to the this to and the the with or painted, varnished or finished items.( the cleaning instructions to this that the clean and Folding the the with the facing and cover with crumpled) or that and newspaper or With the facing the from top to that the with the or buttons. The shipped from with the that should retained locking
that the first necessary). that there the to with than Follow the instructions from as the from top to first then to right the of that the leatherette the its when to follow this eventually or Cleaning The cleaned as follows. white cloth and with clear Gently and NOT motion. another cloth to each cleaning To or or of the once the buttons to the with the the top whatever to the corners to the with their
The following should noted to the sound performance and longevity of to the the with Don't the with or Please clean cloth or to the The cleaned Warranty (T) (optional (optional Please supplied. Should and warranty from workmanship from purchase refurbished as specified below): Refurbished and warranty. Each warranty international such as and RMA Authorization) issued to or the with below) the and/or Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Please items to as they refused. The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to thout RMA the RMA from the of reported within the of If reported and If reported of the of the and *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based Warranty and Service please RMA /Service Please this Warranty information: to www.elitescreens.com/register
CONTACTS US Warranty Please or Service Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or America: Inc. CA USA www.elitescreens.com Industry District, www.elitescreens.com.cn E. District, City www.elitscreens.com.tw S.A.S www.elitescreens.com/fr America Contact: East Contact: Contact: