Dry-Erase Projection www.elitescreens.com
the Please below included proceeding with the installation. Notes: and longevity, ALWAYS and ONLY High Whiteboard fresh and Please the microfiber cloth and to the every to Screen Whiteboard high Microfiber cleaning cloth www.elitescreens.com QTY
NOTE: Prolonged of the its factory the to once from its easy to this to the from the and This the and to with. Clean the location where the Measure and the topright and bottomright of the location. the to the topright and bottomright of the location. the and the top and the completely attached. www.elitescreens.com
Table Unit Height Unit inch Height as reference and to without NOTE: www.elitescreens.com (A) (A) Thickness (B) (C) Thickness (B) (C)
Warranty Year and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below). Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only. Refurbished Units 90DAY and warranty. the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the or received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Not Unauthorized Items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the issued. within of If the and If reported of the of and New or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based North America only U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA/Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: www.elitescreens.com/warranty Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: REMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT AT: WWW.ELITESCREENS.COM www.elitescreens.com
Info US Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or America: Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A.S Industry District, www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com.cn America Contact: 4F., Township East Contact: County (R.O.C) Contact: www.elitscreens.com.tw www.elitescreens.com