Whiteboard Short-throw www.elitescreens.com Universal
Universal Please below included proceeding with installation. X2 X2 X1 Top Upright Bracket Bracket screw screw screw M6 M6 Washer s. www.elitescreens.com
Instructions recommends to the Universal Please follow the instructions and screws WhiteBoardScreen Universal to Universal the to the the to the and with the screws M6 washers and M6 the as shown the below and with the screws M6 washers and M6 The should the below. www.elitescreens.com with screw Shorter (rear) (front)
the Top and the to the and with screws M6 washers and M6 the to the the and with the screws the facing the front of the the to the and with screws M6 washers and M6 www.elitescreens.com Bracket
the to the Upright and with screws M6 washers and M6 the Upright to the and to the Top and with the screw (s). the Bracket to the mount and to the and with the screw www.elitescreens.com
the with screws www.elitescreens.com Bracket WhiteBoardScreen Universal
Universal www.elitescreens.com
www.elitescreens.com
Warranty and warranty from workmanship from purchase as follows refurbished as specified below). Three Year and warranty from workmanship GEMR (Government, Educational, Military, Religious) purchases of only. Refurbished Units 90DAY and warranty. Each the warranty RMA Authorization) issued to or to authorize warranty its option or the with below) the or received. Once the received, to the ground service to inventory Not Unauthorized Items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the RMA from the issued. reported within of If the and If reported of the of and New or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) and based North America U.S. and Warranty and Service please RMA/Service www.elitescreens.com/warrantysupportform Please this Warranty information: www.elitescreens.com/warranty Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: REMEMBER TO REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT AT: www.elitescreens.com www.elitescreens.com
Info US Warranty Please or or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com S.A.S Industry District, www.elitescreens.com/fr www.elitescreens.com.cn 4F., Township County (R.O.C) www.elitscreens.com.tw America Contact: East Contact: Contact: www.elitescreens.com