Tension 031210-JA www.elitescreens.com Projection Screen
BCD GH IJ KLMN QR Connecting Connector Housing Shelf Screw IR Remote RF Wall Switch (RJ45 AA
of connecting when assembling the Head Screwdriver to the Connecting to the the section of the connecting the the of the Connector Housing head the of The housing the threads that with the the of that the completely. If the completely the screwdriver to the housing together. Once and tightly together, the Head screwdriver to the Connector Housing clockwise the together. Head Screwdriver
The or combined with housing as assembled The located the right-hand and through the housing to its The operated the IR, RF, or switch. switch
Assembly the Connecting to to the Then the C and D) the connecting as the the and 6PCS
Installation. the boards H) to the and F). the Connector Housings to the
Turn the and the housings the the with the and the back and N) the B, C, D, H)
the Cover and with the the the assembled It with the below) and installation. assembly
Shelf installation: The height Complete Infrared-Sensitive (ISSD) This to caused caught the closing If the light beams obstructed, the closing operation immediately.
The should only cleared The cleaned with cloth should to the or mechanical of the longevity, the the (closed) when touching the with or other Cleaning To heat or fire, from or heat please reach the and troubleshooting. immediately technical (USA): (RMA?Warranty): Please with the as other of Prolonged sunlight synthetic Please or other sunlight prolonged of Troubleshooting of malfunction. Cease operation immediately. or If the the and that connected to the (ISSD) items/obstructions? the both the IR and RF to the with the switch located the of the If to rectify the Warranty further instructions.
the US and warranty and from workmanship from purchase as follows. Three and warranty from workmanship GEMR (Government, Educational, Religious) purchases of Each the warranty DOA, DOA (Defective On reported within business of RMA Authorization) issued to the DOA (Defective On with below) and cover ground both the DOA and/or confirmed to the ground service to inventory Should the the item shipped to warranty unauthorized items to as they refused and The RMA included the of warehouse authorized to without RMA the reported within the (DOA) If only and If of of the and *A or refurbished to the the type of purchase or refurbished) or based North America Warranty and Service please RMA /Service Please this Warranty information: Customer Service and Technical please Telephone: to Product Warranty
Info US Warranty Please or Service Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Warranty Please or Inc CA USA www.elitescreens.com Industry District, www.elitescreens.com.cn E. District, City www.elitscreens.com.tw S.A.S www.elitescreens.com/fr America Contact: East Contact: Contact: