Battery ELK-BLT The NEW and ELK-BLT Battery easy to testing rechargeable batteries. ordinary which only the internal conductivity, which the of batterys health and The conductivity (the of or easily to readings from the included Chart. The chart then the as or Every type characteristic when and charged. The the and when the too testing. or the battery. Rechargeable Battery and Warns too leads. Includes carrying Includes self-adhesive Warranty. Specifications 10.0V D.C. Amps Battery Leads: Inches. 3H 1.15D carrying To of specify: ELK-BLT LABELS. PO NC www.elkproducts.com ELK PRODUCTS, INC.
ELK BLT Instructions the from the BLACK to the Negative and the RED to the readings, the tightly directly to the to the or too testing or charging the or reconnecting the The of the Battery battery, of the around should and The (internal reading of the within seconds. to the Chart. the the Follow the to the match to reading. The heading and the NOTE: The chart the BLT charge and of around 72F This covers batteries, or the the recharging and the cooler significantly the reading of battery, this instruction chart with that affected 62F, 52F, and 42F affects Battery reference the with the reading, and Shutdown If the connected to than seconds the shutdown to Disconnecting and reconnecting the should and recorded periodically. The to the information directly the battery. supply of these included with the Additional of specifying ELK-BLT LABELS. This information The recorded should A. The of the B. The Battery reading. (optional) C. The reading. fresh of the that should the high of the and possibly the the chart If the reading lower, charge the least hours and then Battery performance to and and impacted factors and of The higher the the the Therefore, amp-hour higher than amp-hour of the process, please Recording Battery Readings
ELK BLT Instructions How affects Battery Generally below 72F to batterys internal activity, causing the (conductivity) reading as the Cool below to batterys life. 72F batterys internal activity to with increase the reading. to and than of (conductivity) of (conductivity) of (conductivity) of (conductivity) of (conductivity) ELK Products or These created from fresh of If readings from of battery, to the readings the as as the If this chart include the testing, to the the below. If the trying to included the Battery Chart to research and the own. The following with this with or fresh of the The should around or higher. the service charge) hours. them from charge and the reading of each the readings together. This the from which the and The of the The first and the and of the The first and the and of the The and of the to the Battery Chart
ELK BLT Instructions of Years of insights the of the battery. that service three years and that the the first the and the third the and of that this the of the fourth On the other hand, that the readings the first the and the third The of increased from to This that although the serviceable, and It that this serviceable another these the should early or the service should shortened to catch this The the of AC Every slightly Products to rather than Hour The batterys Amp-hour capacity with which actually the of the battery. of Amp-hour without the the of-charge, the the and the and each type. Ordinary which or Amp-hour testing that when the of tested and to of its capacity reference, the to its rated and should replaced. The to the of of the capacity of hour. the Cold Amps type higher Although the there the Cold Amps of and the reading of the or to Battery The reading of of the the as that of battery. This to the plates Once the the plates and the reading normally reached about three months charging batteries, capacity reached to thirty the of and the charging If months without plate oxidation from causing the reading. Plate oxidation Plate oxidation unhealthy and batterys capacity. Once oxidation, to recover without charging or recover and recharged. should recovery to the of the battery. The of charge to years. with reading of than of its serviceable and should replaced. instead of Hour to Cold