Glassblowing, and
Introduction Thank choosing this to years of service. Please this It the from It to the and instruction includes Please both Inspect the the (crushed, the both and If the refuse the and or the the the the of the of to that the of shortages the of and the the If there of and the the shipper immediately. the It to protection the to the to or vacation, or to the to the factory repairs. Needless within the The firing chamber actually and with each firing. concerned cracks appear the This These cracks that tightly when the heated expands. You the of the firing chamber. It from the and the performance. The around the eventually from heat. This, the performance. firing, hear clicking. This the sound of the relay(s) to the heating concerned with this sound. The information about recorded its Please include this formation when or or the factory about IM-164/1-02 the Installation. Where to the Transporting the Loading the the Drying Loading the the and Cooling Combining Clay With Other to of The Cleaning and the Loading the the the Decorating the Pyrometric Loading and Instructions Clay Trouble-Shooter Cleaning or the Thermocouple or the the Chamber (testing the
The warranty cover from of the It the responsibility to the off the The touching the firing chamber with or pointed They the Touching the heating with or shock the each of this operating Warranty cover caused to follow instructions. Food or and toxic when that with food or food or or that formulated, tested and as that with food or Follow the or instructions exactly, without to follow these when than from or only ventilated, covered and protected from of DANGEROUS VOLTAGE: touch heating with servicing. while firing. Wear when Wear firing when food from fire It firing toxic the such as styrofoam as hollow beads). with the fire the than 1700F/926C. the
the You that other ance while the firing. Turn off the or the the that to other off If that that while the firing, If than and than firing from as as to than the If the too the reach The grounding wire. This protects from serious shock. the warranty! Where to the ventilated, covered and tected such as the or people their This as the to humidity. such as clay, and other from the of inches clearance and the allow the of firing to F. the about from the If necessary, to the fire-proof such as shelf. Keepthekilnawayfromcurtainsorothercombusti- fire-proof of or shelf. If with the fir- directly or fire-proof though, to shelves from the Keepthepowersupplycordawayfromthekilncase. There of serious from the would with Transporting the people their to or vacation. The to the to the If the the its back with the facing thin sheet of cushioning the and the firing chamber to subjecting the to bration
The shelf, which with the and clay These shelves firing or Fireclay fireclay shelves, from which to fire and and directly the firing chamber would the and of finely ground that and together high They and from sticking to fireclay shelves. The and that the ground finely to smooth back to the shelf. and ited shelf breathe the when If or heating that burn the firing. NEVER apply or to the firing chamber. The to apply to the smooth, thin The smoother the the smoother the of the or clay firing to these thin of breathe base. The and from the shelf. The to as the of the the from the the art of firing The high The and fired and To and the The heating the with Turn the switch off beforeinsertinganenamelingforkintothefiringchamber. This high refractory to or cracks the firing chamber. Wear clear when or Wear firing when such as when checking the of wear fir- when the through the optional
The Heating The heating of the firing chamber. The firing chamber to of This the It that the firing chamber with These the and the heating which shock The heating the with Turn the switch off the firing chamber to shelf. The Clicking concerned clicking sound firing. relay, which to the The relay clicks as and off to the Thermocouple You the thermocouple, the firing chamber. The reading from the thermo- If this of the firing chamber, the that the firing chamber cold. This the the firing chamber firing the the Clean the firing or (Cleaning when firing or clay). to from the Removing To from the off the the shelf. the front of the Wear thick Record the following information firing and or Starting firing of wealth of informa- tion firing 300F) to than higher 1700F). At turning the heating affects firing to than high holding heat the slowly. the overshoot the the off. the Heating with or pounds, such as and the heating fire or directly the firing chamber to the from and heating the of the firing chamber. such as and the firing chamber, the This type of covered warranty. and from from the firing chamber. These the If such as or the firing the Gently off the with knife, to the heating the The Effect of clay of the of the firing chamber. there enough the to of instance, might firing tests. of each of clearglass.Placetheglassonafireclayshelf(notthe shelf).
The Optional Wear fir- whenever the optional with 1700F/926C. the instructions. Loading the Protective Shelf the firing chamber firing or the directly the of the firing chamber. of shelves and Shelf the shelf directly the This shelf to and only or clay the shelfnever or the with or Fireclay Shelf fireclay shelves, from the fir- chamber and smooth to fire and firebricks light-weight, and to clay Carve the fire- with or You purchase from supply The through firings. to You the shelves and and firebricks the firing. They heat than the shelf. They cool than the shelf. or and fired fireclay and directly the You mold, such as The shelf and coated with to or from sticking to them. of or usually through the shelf coating to crack or apply fresh recoating shelf, of the coating with cloth from This sive-coated that allows to through. the coating smooth to with. Then the shelf using the following (Both and to as apply or to the firing chamber or to the of the shelf! with or the heating the soft shelf with If firing or firing clay with however, fire the fireclay coated with the with following the the or to apply the to the shelf. (The to Each the the around the of the This the quickly. or three thin the of the with each the shelf firing. To the shelf three the Heat to 300F/148C and Then off the and the shelf through firings. Apply when the to
the and cool, smoothen the further lightly the shelf. The smoother the separator,thesmootherthe backsideoftheglass. of The the fusing the from of Fireclay fireclay shelves the shelf. the directly the of the firing chamber. three the fireclay shelf. This heat built-up the shelf. You fire or fireclay shelves the three the shelves with The of the and the of shelves fire the of the shelves,fireataslowerrate.Thisaidsheatdistribution. the of such as and that burn off firing. These released from the they the of the and clay firing them with that burns or combining them with another such as If the the If the about plained sections and With to free-form as (The clay simplicity to both as At the of the clay and Precious clay and It with such as tooth knife, and Its and from such as and the clay fired The recommended and included with the clay. Forming and firing clay There nothing about clay The clay of (or firing, the burns The then together Since the there amount of firing. the type of clay Drying thin clay the while and fired. Thicker to they firing. To the the clay of to know each type of You with Loading the clay that the directly shelf. the type shelf. It cushions the clay clay together, they The shelf directly the firing chamber It to the with the heat easily through the shelf. the with washorglassseparator. You the clay of Rounded, hollow, or other to You these mound of
If the only shallow of or the fireclay shelf. the fireclay three to heat flow the shelf. If the clay the These stores. the directly the NEVER to the If the the firing chamber. breathing the heating If the firing with cleaner. the clay the the and closed the clay ready to The fire or with the clay or hollow that of and clay or as They Each of clay fires to and This information from clay the of that the the fire than the recommended or the to selecting and firing the instruction firing clay If fire or with the clay, the or clay that the clay completely The should than 500F/260C when the the firing, the closed. the to the clay. spection of the clay unnecessary. If firing with the the other hand, to the fusing of the the and or to the the clay and the to the Cooling the clay fired to crack the inch to If firing stones, or other with the to allow the to cool with closed. the when the reaches clay that other from the 1100F/593C. You them with and them Turn the off the firing chamber. Wear protective Combining With Other There to fire clay with other such as the clay first cleaned and polished the fire with the other the clay and other such as together firing. to fire with the clay firing. often fired with the clay firing. of to the of clay combining and clay firing, of the To this, fire the clay firing, the from the clay (This the clay theglasspiecesonaceramicfireclayshelf.Youmustcoatthe shelf with or otherwise the with the shelf. If the the firing, fire that type of with clay firing. however, that of fire to Every fire type of to
You fire fire of frosty when fired. fire It heated of to the of the the They often when the cleanly. that rough become smooth when fired to fusing to IMPORTANT! Wear when or the off the with grease or each of the straight the and with the the straight and the with the Press enough that the sounds steady and the straight the that with the Press the It cleanly. of expands and tracts. The which the of thermal If to- and or than the other, the fused crackeven months enough of to successfully, theyre fusing fusing that from the which To compatibility, of of clear It should the inch each One of the should from the Heat the to that completely rounds the of the the the and another the the with light through Turn of the the their of the If around the of the ples,thisusuallymeanstheglassisnotcompatible.Ifyousee the fusing include from the It around that the annealed properly. the this cooling through the The Each type of that through when This the anneal- This cooling to release the of cooling. If cool the too through the annealing The and thicker the the through its annealing You
the of to anneal. such as earrings rarely annealing as they cool. Cleaning and the Grease, and manently the firing. Clean the with (the type without or assembling the the shelf. white such as with to the together them the shelf. the sparingly. when fusing the The the or from of they The firing. the coated of If the altogether know which of the coated. Loading the should the and the of the three or four the the shelf the the the and leaving the allows the released to the reaches 426C, the The first fire or type of the higher the firing. the about wear firing when the than the fusing Watch the the the off when the the of the shut-off the that and With every firing, the the expected shut-off the off, the the Then the cool the They the the to F. Then they the This cooling. The annealing 950/510C and 700F/371C. Cool through this annealing Leaving the closed the cooling enough If cooling, cooling. the cooling, the the the reaches If the too the crack the To such as they cooled the also. the the shelf they reach The heat the them from cooling too shelf, off to the
the or They purchased directly from Thompson P.O. Newport, Their Lead ready to these Startwithoneofthemanypre-shapedcopperformsavail- or and the to Heat the to about 1400F/760C to off or grease. Heat the to from or grease off the and its to purple-red-pale that the This that the grease fire the than this fire the cleaning the from the or towel, that grease or the such as fingerprints. Clean the with 3M Scotch-Brite This such that further cleaning Additional cleaning products the Thompson includ- It to the If too to cleaning, the Decorating the Counter should counter the back This the finished of cleaning, and the and cracking that from the rates of and and the fired. Counter or that counter Counter the below. firing counter that the fire the front of the isnt too to You purchase from to fire You the when firing the other (front) of the The the back of the counter from sticking to the Apply of the back the bottle should thin with If however, The of applying and or Thompson the Then of the If the too thin, easily another firing. that too thick and crack. The completely firing. or You this to with manydifferentcolors.UsingadilutedsolutionofThompson holding the to the and this while with the Apply the the with and them with to of about thick. of the Then the with the holding
to the of Allow the to completely firing. Heat the to 1450F/787C (Please instruction Rate F/C F/C should the of the the the If the that touches the the or other that might firing. These should fired with the or, the knife, to the the top of the should about three and every seconds cracking the the when the pears and the smooth. the cool completely. counter to the fire off the front of the 3M Scotch Brite this. Then with Thompson Pyrometric Pyrometric of clay and that and when to heat. They when fired to maturity. Pyrometric and the mounted the They they to the Self-supporting the built the base. mounted clay or The chart shows the of to the recommended the that firing. such as of 400F/222C. to the shown the 108F of the chart the the fire warranty. with fire than 1700F/926C. Loading and fired or ished include and which fire from to the would and touching other completely firing. self-supporting fired to rity. the slightly higher or than shown.
crack or heavily. Apply light firing each, the Not reach the when fired the mustknowwhichcol- should fire first higher to burning the than other and fired the other fired. and yellows should fired Colors than or the information which to with each and type of the the first hour of firing. If the firing. Allow to cool to the Self-Supporting Pyrometric Self-Supporting Pre-Fire Heated Hour* White Light *Rate of increase of firing. of the Foundation. the to the with burnout. without the that the If heating the of the firing chamber, the or the This the from possibly shorting the These instructions applytoinjection 200F, and plastics that higher If appears off the the fired than 300/148C. casting the of and then casting that the carved, of the The of the The of the through hollow the of casting the that The burnout: the from the mold. from the the higher than 300F/148C. the high the the casting the type of that the mold. or from the and build-up the tricity and to to from with covered warranty. instruction to this Rate F/C F/C
heats the to 300F/148C and hour, allowing to from the mold. the mold. lowers to 800F/426C, the casting of 900F/482C.) Casting the of the mold. The Instructions the three the top of the The should The willcatchmeltingwaxasitdripsfromthespruehole. the hole(s), If the the This allows to from the Heat the to 300F/148C and that least NOT heat the 300F/148C. 300F/148C least hour. this hour, the from the and the If the than 300F/148C, the and causing hour 300F/148C, the the and the from the and the of the the the Heat the to the supply house where purchased the moldmaterial.Thisisusuallyaround1350F/732C. the to the casting of the that ready to casting. the with Wear protective and If follow the should from amount of the of This to the burning of that the mold. this that fire the to 1500F/815C as follows: the cover(s) or the the to 1500F/815C of 300F/166C with hour Cracks Cracks that appear fired clay to too the clay fired. Another of To the crack with clay and fire Brittle clay reach You to the firing to the and Too clay too and If the firing than the the of the thermocouple the thermocouple Cracking Heating the Too Cooling the Too Incompatible Not Enough Shelf fusing caused the firing. The the of 260C. This to both heating and cooling. The which the cooling of 371C Cool the this the the to If become the fused and crack the of the to hear which the sound of cracking. the to the the cooled to their fusing that they to That they the to crack. This the to the shelf.
while the cools and they tempted to the each firing, the shelf. the chipped. to section of shelf, the cracks. Heating the Too Trapped Layers of Grease or Layers of or the and Shelf the completely firing. If fresh the shelf the 300F/148C One to to the 100F/55C below fusing This the to heat to match the of the Not Enough Initial Heating frosty the caused With To the of the slightly fusing completed. They the when the reaches 1000F/537C. To Too On the of the of firing to firing 50F/28C cooler and holding that Can caused poorly fired fire that to painted. The should completely the Purple Usually to thin of or too thin- If to fired cleaned with Can caused or too heavy this attractive when crackled of fired Can caused the too heavily. of Usually of or thinning with too when Colors Decals This the of or If and to with background, apply and fire the first, then and fire the of If to fir- If the repainted and of Colors This caused White or Can caused the the or from fired the as other Apply of Colors This caused too heavy
Trouble-Shooter Not Turn On, the the If the the the and turning counter-clockwise turn. the the of the of the If the reads than or reads the AGC 250V AC If spect the You thin of The usually appears burned If the the fired awhile, other operating the as the If the mediately the turned the the the cover and touching the the ther- the firing chamber. If the thermocouple the firing chamber, and the the thermocouple. Thermocouple Repairs Adjustthetwoscrews the to the the screws too or they If or other the firing chamber, the firing. the and the the or the to the as as If heat- located where touching the Cleaning or the fire with the than 1700F/926C. the To the the four screws the cover. the Clean with cleaner. To scratches, the to polisher.
the Thermocouple the the four screws holding the to the front of the the the thermocouple wires from the back of the They or type To the wires, the (or the buttons) and the wires the back cover of the Removing the thermocouple. The thermocouple located the back of the chamber, band. the thermocouple from the the thermocouple The thermocouple should the ther- the the firing chamber. The the fir- chamber the the thermocouple. the thermocouple Thread the thermocouple to the the front of the the thermocouple from and other wires. of insulation from the of the thermo- wires. the wires to the back of the One the other red. the wires to the which coded. the and back cover of the or the the its back. the screws holding the to the the to to the and relay. The the thermocou- the
the to the the and the photo, the relay placed. The the the foreground. the to the replacing, the and from the to the each tight. push-on and wires heat from If the of the with the back the thermocouple attached to the back of the board from the other wires. the screws holding the to the the the screws holding the to the switch Disconnect the wires from the back of the board. You and wires. the wires to the board. the Chamber the burns the firing chamber replaced. To the the back of the leads the tors. reading or OPEN the firing chamber factory