VISUAL PRESENTER P100HD INSTRUCTION MANUAL Please this instruction this and reference
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS Instructions the and operating instructions should the operated. Instructions The and operating instructions should retained reference. the and the operating instructions should to. Follow Instructions operating and instructions should Cleaning this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. recommended the as they Water and this or or near and the this or The causing serious to child or and serious to the with or recommended the or with the mounting of the should follow the instructions, and should mounting accessory recommended the and the and to operation of the and to from overheating, and these or covered. The should the or other This should built-in such as bookcase or or the instructions
Sources This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of supply to or products to from or other to the operating instructions. Grounding or This with AC than the other) or type third (grounding) The the If the to to the of the The grounding type grounding type This If to the the to the of the grounding type Power-Cord Protection Power-supply cords should routed that they to or pinched items or them, to cords and the where they from the Lightning protection this or when and of from the and the or This to the to and outlets, cords, or as this of fire or shock. and should with force, and the and to and Entry of this through as they or short-out that fire or shock. of the Servicing to service this as or covers to or other servicing to service
Service this from the outlet and servicing to service the following the power-supply or If or the If the to or If the normally following the operating instructions. those that covered the operating instructions as of other and often to the to its operation. If the or the performance this service. required, the service specified the or the characteristics as the Unauthorized fire, shock or other of service or repairs to this the service to to that the operating Heat The should from heat such as heat or other products (including amplifiers) that heat. This includes that mercury. Please and or recycling, and the
SA SA The with arrowhead within to the to the of within the that of to of shock to The within to the to the of operating and (servicing) instructions the This [crossed-out WEEE IV] of and the EU countries. Please throw the the refuse. Please the and country the of this
WARNING: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT EXPOSE THIS PRODUCT TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the FOR UNITED STATES USERS: INFORMATION This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference which the user to the interference his USER-INSTALLER CAUTION: authority to this FCC or the to of the FCC THIS IS CLASS PRODUCT. IN DOMESTIC ENVIRONMENT THIS PRODUCT MAY CAUSE RADIO INTERFERENCE IN WHICH CASE THE USER MAY BE REQUIRED TO TAKE ADEQUATE MEASURES.
BEFORE YOU USE The and AC that with this this only. them with another to the to specifications. the sunlight or heaters. It become or this bearing wind, or locations. the following 0C 40C (32F 104F) Humidity: the or the while the and the pinched and (including and or carrying the meticulously to the head. cloth cleaning. such as thinner or the directly the It and to and Black There that properly to the of CMOS of Though or found the phenomenon to the CMOS and malfunction. To protection the Please to the or This or malfunction. Follow the below to the from or the base, or the or or the to the AC or from Carry the holding the of the both the the or the head. when (including and or the to the head from shocks. directly the LED light. If directly type of SD flash used.
the from the SD such as PC to Malfunction of the or repairs to the the SD to If this than the warranty its performance and to the of its To purchase the from whom purchased this or branch/office location. Battery If this to the of the rechargeable and or of together. try to recharge or short-circuit the batteries. of follow the instructions of government. from and to the polarity to AAA batteries. If from or clothes, the with immediately. If immediately with and then burn, of fire. Doing the insulation which heat bursting or fire. off the resin the of the battery. About microphones Connecting microphones other than microphones (microphones and malfunction to If concerned about this operating when the built-in microphone, using microphone. About the input such as CD/MP3 to the input when the Selector to Mic-in. input (microphone/line-in) which when Mic-in selected, (CD/MP3) them. About the MIC IN/ AUDIO OUT connecting the with the the ferrite that with the to the as to the of the as through the or operated the or the used. To the of the
Record/Play recording to recording to that the properly. The of the recording 2GB. (The recording other factors such as and recording that recorded with this or the software only played with this to the recording the becouse sound of recorded. Network function This function the operation when this connected directly to the routed or the router or the Copyright or or recorded with the without the of the copyright the locations where recording or prohibited.
BUNDLED ITEMS The items below included with this If item the from whom purchased this AC AC LAN P27 P27 Mic IN AUDIO OUT P18 Remote RGB P21 AAA Warranty (US/JAPAN P18 P20 P23 P22 Strap USB Connecting to PC) P17 Mate/Instruction CD-ROM P22 IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS P18 P23
BASIC OPERATIONS of the light Remote Touch switch Rear light P21 P34 P22 P20 P29 P28 P16 P34
Function and displayed. With these Touch CAUTION the strongly or This or malfunction. To protection the Please to The of to the followings to and or the with such as knife. the strongly or apply to the the with the with or the the Gently the with cloth to to the followings to the performance of the the protection to the of the to scratches the sheet P29
Rear and Function HDMI IN HDMI IN RGB IN RGB IN AUDIO IN AUDIO IN [100BASE/10BASE] To input HDMI and (HDMI with the To input RGB (RGB with this the stand-by the input to the [RGB IN from the [RGB OUT] To input with this To the of the with the switch. 1080P1920 SXGA1280 WXGA1280 To the or the the LAN. (LAN with this switch 720P1280 XGA1024 Right switch
Function USB To to PC. (USB with this To the from PC through RS-232C RS-232C AUDIO OUT To with this To RGB RGB with RGB OUT To (HDMI with this HDMI OUT DC IN 12V the AC (A with this To the to with HDMI HDMI to the [HDMI IN] the o to the HDMI monitors. To the to with RGB the RGB to the [RGB IN] the RGB with the Specications of the [RGB IN] DSUB 15P (RS-232C with this this 0.7V 75 terminated TTL polarity) TTL polarity)
(Red) GND (Red) GND GND N.C GND N.C N.C GND GND N.C To the to with to the [AUDIO IN] the rear To switch the type. the type. To the to with Ethernet the LAN to the [Ethernet the Explanation of the Ethernet LED To PC with the USB the USB to the [USB] the To the to with RS-232C The from PC through RS-232C [RS-232C] the rear To the to with with input to the [AUDIO OUT] the the around the that with this To the to with RGB input the RGB to the [RGB OUT] the RGB with the Access ON: OK
To the to with HDMI input HDMI to the [HDMI OUT] the o Please the to the input of the or or It with that to the HDMI To the AC the AC the DC of the AC to the [DC IN 12V] the o If the off-center, of the and should from the connected appear the This reduced the clock phase function of the connected PC with switching, select)] the the PC to the selecting the (Normal)], to [RGB OUT] and [HDMI OUT]. the HDMI connected, the based information from the connected [RGB OUT] selected, reected. that the with the turned off when the other than using USB USB If the USB with the the PC the the USB or the peripheral the USB
Function MIC IN To input to the MIC IN MIC OUT o Connecting microphones other than microphones (microphones and malfunction to To SD the to the SD To wireless or USB To the around the that with this input (microphone/line-in). microphone, to microphone. with this P89 P62
of the This as shown below.
Remote Preparation of Remote the the back of the and (TYPE AAA) of the displayed SD from the the light of the the and the of the function. Within from the front of the Within and right of the o The reduced when the sunlight, near light or other the light the to light. such the or shield the light Children batteries; and of reach. If WARNING immediately as this asphyxiation or to P31 P62 Within
Remote Strap The to the as shown below. CD-ROM The CD-ROM the software connecting to PC and the Instruction software follow the instructions of the Mate
Preparation Release the turning the security shown the right the and the At this the head with the of the The If necessary, the and the head to as shown the right o the the to this the to which such reflection Unlock
o If the pulled or forcedly, the might of and the might from the this the as follows: the the the the the initialized. (2)Then, the
STORING the to the Then, the of the and the At this the head and the o Turn OFF the switch the the and the turning the security o force the and the when them. o this the and the AC from the the when the or the Unlocked o
Shooting the the as shown the Then the to or PC and the of the Connecting the AC the AC and the AC Then the AC to the DC IN 12V the of the and the AC AC AC AC P28 To To outlet AC P28
Connecting the the to the with to the Turning the ON/OFF CAUTION connecting the to other to OFF the of the the to the Press the the or the the to the ON. the seconds Press the the or the the to the OFF. You to the seconds or the the (The LED of the red.) o this while
the You the with the The appear the when the turned The the the top right of the to the the function and
the while touching the the features (Highlight, the The the P100HD which than Capacitive Touchscreen typically found To selected or selected to initiate command. CAUTION To protection the Please to the strongly or This or malfunction. Please thing o
the To the of the the or the the ZOOM-IN The shown ZOOM-OUT The shown o the reaches to Within the the ON/OFF of the from the choose the input select, to AF (AF the To only once when the the or the the pressed.
the brightness To the brightness of the the or the buttons the The following this the (Brightness)] the To of brightness, the of the to the of the shooting or the buttons the to the of the Brightness of the the
(Brightness)] the To the manually, or the buttons the The to the of the shooting o Factory to To to the factory the where the to bright or bright lights, the brightness of the sufficiently, or the the such the or the from the light to the amount of light. choose the input select, the brightness. Brightness of the screen
Turning the ON/OFF The light and the light turned ON/OFF the CAUTION of turn off the light. that the light from the light directly This with high-brightness LED light. You the light to light however its with long-term This malfunction of the light, of LED performance. the light while as become light light
selection You switch the input with the or from the displayed the input from the RGB IN1 RGB IN2 HDMI IN1 HDMI IN2 the SD o PC with switching, using the following the PC to this the PC to the select)] the or the the selecting the (Normal)], output to [RGB OUT] and [HDMI OUT]. selecting input the of the input select)] the touch the select)] the the RGB IN1 selected. select)] the the
The following input to the RGB input The as the following input to the HDMI input N/N VESA P/P VESA N/N VESA N/P VESA P/P VESA N/N N/N P/P P/P P/P P/P Polarity of (P: N: Negative) HS/VS
of Function Highlight Function This function to highlight section of the this function to to section. Highlight operations the or the the while the the input or the displayed, the highlight function with the and previously. You the highlighted the or with buttons the The highlight function released [Highlight] the or the the o Highlighted captured.
operations You the of the highlighted [Highlight] while the highlight function activated. Also, the of the highlighted the the of the highlighted
Function This function to section of operations the or the the while the or the input or the displayed, the with the previously. You the the or with the The function released the or the the o
Function The expands to the previously, and the scrolled. operations the or the the while the or the displayed, the with the previously. You the the the or with the The released the touch or the the o already from the the or buttons the released and the function the ratio currently while scrolling. operations You the ratio to or or the while the function Normal
Function To the and the SD together. operations operating the the to the the to the input of the Right of the Selected input or the following information displayed tapped: of the Right of the that the USB memory or the SD operating the the displayed, the the to the input of the Right of the RGB the following information displayed the the while displayed: of the Right of the that the USB memory or the SD or
the the or the the while the function the of the the AF the the the to the the You the displayed the to other the SD /USB the or the while the function Releasing function the or the the The function released. o using the function, the
Function To apply to the You the of Operations the while the the input or the displayed, the applied. The released the Operations You the of the while the function o the function, the
Function shown shown the when while the AF to to Function the operation the the the Normal and Advanced
the the SD the the SD the Press this to Turn ON/OFF of the or the Lighting switch Function Highlight Highlight of the to of the the to the specify, allowing to Brightness brightness the Brightness to the factory of brightness. to the when tapped. within the the and the or from the input together. the
Apply to the Rotation Color/B&W or white. or Highlight Function Highlighted the Highlighted the of the Highlighted the Around the Highlighted the and to through. the and to through. to the of the highlighted
Function the Function the to the the to or to the
Function Function shown shown the when while the AF the This shown the This shown Next input the and the Select the input to with the input selection to the to the the and the from the input. to
Function the coarser. the Rotation Function Rotation Color/B&W Function Color/B&W or white. Function or to the to the to the to the
(Normal) Function Select the Select the thumbnail. (Advance) to the input Function Normal to the Select the input that to input from RGB this selected, the from HDMI Select the input. to RGB and HDMI You the while selecting the input.
the that to Function to the Next to the Brightness Function to the brightness of the the brightness of the to the of the shooting the or the the to the of the To the brightness manually, the or the buttons the The to the brightness of the shooting
AF Function Function Near White Function the once when or the only once to the manually. to the Manually the and the Automatically the white once when this One-Push to the What AF? function to the automatically. You to the or the the The as the the pressed. What White function to of white and as white. This allows to to the characteristics of the the white automatically. The white to to the characteristics of the selected.
Function To the of the when the white to Function To the of the when the white to Function or [Down] to increase or the to the or [Down] to increase or the to the to the the to
Function Edge Effect Function Text1 Text2 Text3 Graphic1 Clearly photographs and with DLP Graphic2 to the High to the What to clear Clearly white including such as characters and The as the increases. (The the used.) the outline of when [Graphic1] selected the
Function Rate Function Quality Function High to the Others light to the supply to the High to the What characteristic to I/O the characteristics of the when [Graphic1] selected the Select the as the the of the to record.
USB Function Select Memory Function Function the the SD the to the PC. Application this from PC software. to the SD Card Select where to when both SD and USB to the the English Others the English. to the What USB Functions below the to PC with the USB USB
Function Selector Function Mic Function the of the and the HDMI to the Mic-in to the ON MIC IN with AUDIO IN of the back to AUDIO OUT. the input from AUDIO IN the back from AUDIO OFF to the Select the of the input. OUT.
Function Function Function to factory to the the as the of the selected to the the the selected to the Items Brightness, Brightness White
Function Clock Function the arrow month, hour, or operating and of the ON Turn off of operating and of OFF to the that to Then the arrow to the to the the and the the
Function ON the the OFF the the to the
ADVANCED OPERATIONS SD With this as or SD or USB You the the SD or USB the SD or USB the the o SD SDXC used. Formatting the SD with this recommended. SD to recommended. SD or higher recommended. USB Supports USB to 32GB. the USB with this recommended. It to the memory or to to the memory Please the memory while recording, or education function when the the memory
o Formatting the SD to the SD this and formatting. select)] the to switch the to the Playback located the right of the to the Then to formatting. If to
operations operating the the the when appears the of the
operating the Press the the Press the the when appears the
operations operating the to switch to the recording [Recording] to the recording. operating the Press the the Press the the
Recording when appears the top of the the the recording and o the output to HDMI and the to recorded To of memory with read/write (SD Class or to the to when both SD and USB the to [SD Card] or [USB Recording
Recording Function shown shown the when while the AF to Screen the Brightness Stop to the recording. This shown when selecting the input the select. This shown when selecting the input the select. This shown when selecting the input the select. This shown when selecting the input the select.
the of operations operating the select)] the to the thumbnails. the thumbnail If selected, the of If selected, the of recorded appears. Select the to full-screen. the thumbnail of the to the the selected thumbnail to the full-screen. The to
[Thumbnails] to To to the the the operating the Press the the to the thumbnails of The selection displayed the right of the Press the the to the of and
Select the to full-screen. Press the the to the Select the to full-screen. Press the the to the selected full-screen. The to Press the the to another the thumbnail To to the thumbnail the the Thumbnail
the to the If the of appears. CAUTION You the from the
Function to the thumbnail Next to the thumbnail the the which to to the when the Switch the memory from which SD Card USB Switch the displayed as thumbnails and Next to the choose. of the selected tapped. displayed. It switched with the the It switched with the the to select.
Function as protected) thumbnail Unlock Unlock as unprotected) to Format to Format to the Function the selected as protected) or as unprotected) the selected Can switched with the the as to select. to thumbnail
Format Function Format the USB or SD Function to the Next to the to thumbnail to as protected) or as unprotected) the Memory to to o The about seconds from showing the If to the icons, the The selected
Function On to thumbnail o The about seconds from showing the If to the the The Play/stop/cue the the the
Function Highlight Highlight and to section of the section of the to and allow of the section. and together. Apply to the Rotation the o You to this or the function of the software You other than DCF and that the other than MVI_****.MP4 displayed. and that the DCIM100_ELMO the SD memory playback. other this of that displayed: than the Converter of the software to the with to the with the to
to RGB This output to RGB_OUT and HDMI_OUT. While outputting to HDMI this the of of HDMI IN1, HDMI IN2, RGB IN1, or RGB IN2 to RGB the select)] the and the select)] the of [HDMI1], [HDMI2], [RGB1] or[RGB2] that to the that to The selected input output to RGB of selected input The to HDMI o selecting input the of the input OUT and HDMI OUT
SD to CAUTION the to to the SD with the facing Forcing the with the malfunction. this to PC USB, the the SD to the PC. The operating (OS) the connected PC should Microsoft XP (SP2 or or Turn the and the PC. the to the PC with the USB o the to the PC the the the plug-and-play function of From the and thereafter, the PC USB
The as You the the SD with the software of the PC. The as JPEG or MP4 the following CAUTION You or the from the PC. The with the and from [Clock the USB while operating the using the or This malfunction. While the the switch [USB to another the USB USB o the USB the PC or peripheral If [USB to and the connected to the PC, or the and the SD or the SD using the (You operations to the the USB to the USB switching [USB from the
USB-connected o the to to [Application]. from the CD-ROM. using the software this included the CD-ROM, the following to the PC the from the PC information the of the connected PC, OS and the software the and the HELP the CD-ROM. PC with the software
CAUTION the USB while operating the using the or This malfunction. using USB USB o the USB the PC or to the USB switching [USB from the
the through to the the top or of clicked, the displayed. [CAPTURE] clicked, the displayed. Top Function LIVE To the or CAPTURE To the SETUP To the (Ethernet Network
Function CONTROL To the WEB when this item clicked. (WEB CAUTION The and displayed the recording. The and displayed the The and displayed while the function operation. WEB Function operation) TELE To ZOOM WIDE To
and both LAMP OPEN the BRIGHTNESS CLOSE the FAR the FOCUS AF the automatically. CONFIGURATIONS Function Network of the TOP the top NORMAL the to the NEAR the near. this the and to (Factory
Network Function Factory IP information this IP Router IP to the displayed. Clear Reset/clear edited the the This from TCP:49152 to TCP:65535. <TCP:50000> the Network to characters To or the this should checked. If this nothing the the information cleared.
o To the to this the the PC should as follows: XP (SP2 or JRE or and or This operation browsers. the of the OS, the properly and the displayed. the of the or software, of to the and this the properly following the instruction or the software. This HTTP:80 and TCP:50000 LIVE display).When this to router, firewall, the accordingly. and displayed SD and recording. and displayed back and displayed while the function operation. This or the of this using the further information such as the commands, the from whom purchased this or branch/office location. of the the IP to with the [SET UP] the Network the the to the of IP or become effective the restarted.
[MIC IN] and [AUDIO IN] The microphone input and the input and from [AUDIO OUT]. The microphone input the o the microphone microphone) to [MIC IN]. If microphone other than that connected to [MIC IN], this malfunction. the of the microphone.
the ELMO Wireless the wireless with this or directly. You directly such operations as in/out. Connecting the ELMO (CRA-1) the as shown the and to the Then the the wireless with the to the Turn the o The OSD displayed when while the input this establishing input and (CRA-1) with the ELMO Wireless CRA-1 CODE
operations Touch the of the to the of the and the If or selected, the this function to the the slightly the of the The the as the this function to the Select the Touch the from the Touch the and and the
Selecting the slightly the of the to the and then the within the the this function to CAUTION Press the lightly with the o the as upright as holding the of the to the If the while, the activated. Touch the to the The the to the whole Touch once Next
Selecting to the from the To the function the top of the and to the the below: Function with white Work with/write to Specify the (the to o You the while the (Whiteboard OSD show/hide the as background, and with the white as background, and the the SD You the displayed when You with the
Writing to You Pressing or switches the Next Switch Function Switch Next Next Next
Function Select The Red. You the the the The You the the the Clear Access the and Next to Function the of the the of the AF operation. Brighten Brighten the the Next to everything the If to of the to the section to and the section with the while the the currently the as and the SD This the displayed and comments/drawings; the and Record the currently the as and the SD This the with the the or the
Selection Item Function Thickness Thickness to the previous of the to red. the to Black the to Thin Decrease the thickness. the thickness to Thick Increase the thickness. the to red. the to Black the to Thin Decrease the thickness. the thickness to Thick Increase the thickness. Narrow Select Select Select
Function Function only. Show/hide the Function Function Next to the to the the to the specify, allowing to within the of the Highlight Highlight of the to Rotation the SD Playback Apply the to the this function selected while the displayed, the the of the and the displayed the right of the this function selected while displayed, the displayed the of the and the the right of the this function selected while the input displayed, the the of the and the input displayed the right of the Color/B&W and white
as whiteboard You white or as background. Function Select The Red. You the the the The Black. You the the the everything the If to of the to the section to erased, and the section with the while the Clear the currently the as and to the SD This only the and comments/drawings; the and Specify the and Next Next
Selection Item Function Thickness Thickness to the of the to red. the to Black the to Thin Decrease the thickness. the thickness to Thick Increase the thickness. the to red. the to Black the to Thin Decrease the thickness. the thickness to Thick Increase the thickness. Narrow Select Select
the SD You or the SD and the to or write from the thumbnails, the selected displayed the
Selection Item Function to the thumbnail Next to the thumbnail Next to the USB Switch the displayed as thumbnails Memory Format and as protected) or as unprotected) the selected as protected) Unlock Unlock as unprotected) thumbnail the the selected the Format the SD formatting. the
Function Select The Red. You the the the Select The You the the the To the Clear If to of the to the section to and the section with the while the Specify the and Next to Selection Item Function as protected) or as Memory unprotected) the selected Next to the currently displayed the as and to the SD This the displayed and comments/drawings; the and the displayed the (You the protected). the
(when selected) Selection Item Function Thickness Thickness to the of the to red. the to Black the to Thin Decrease the thickness. the thickness to Thick Increase the thickness. the to red. the to Black the to Thin Decrease the thickness. the thickness to Thick Increase the thickness. Narrow Select Select Select
Function Function only. Show/hide the Function Function Next to the to the the to the specify, allowing to within the of the Highlight Highlight of the to Rotation the SD Playback Apply the to the this function selected while the displayed, the displayed the of the and the the right of the this function selected while displayed, the the of the and the displayed the right of the this function selected while the input displayed, the displayed the of the and the input displayed the right of the Color/B&W and white
Function Show/hide the Function Function Play/stop/cue the the ON the OFF
Shooting off the shooting and from the the head the The head that the inverted. o The rotated manually the shooting or the Shoot or Shooting when the CAUTION the without closing the The shooting> shooting> shooting> TELE from the WIDE from the shooting>
About RS-232C RS-232C the RS-232C connected to PC, the from PC. o the information of RS-232C command, the outlet from which purchased this or the branch office or office of
TROUBLE SHOOTING Symptoms and Confirmation the following items. If abnormality found, the from whom purchased this or branch/office. displayed. The correctly connected. The automatically. displayed from the USB. The of The too to the the The too The intensity of the lighting Symptom The AC from the The AC from the supply of the The ON. light) the TELE the white/black of the If the ON immediately turning OFF, the seconds turning the OFF, and then back ON. The switch to the (RGB/HDMI). the RGB/HDMI Switch correctly. the AC the HDMI connected, the based information from the connected from USB when USB to or or Recording or when using the Function. Switch the USB from to Application to the the to slightly from the correctly. manually to the or the the to the brightness.
The striped. This interference of the SD USB displayed. The to Press the The the SD operations of the too The correctly. The heard. the the The function The Symptom and TV or CMOS the shooting the appear LCD Manually the clock the the the SD seconds and the operating to Battery the with ones. The incorrect used. the The SD correctly. the SD card/USB formatting as below. the Second, the the become the of the This malfunction. Please to than the Please that microphone" selected. this and the of the PC to connected to this and then, cross-check them with the below. the restrictive of and the of this as The WEB the following The OS Microsoft SP2 or or and or
The LAN connected. The LAN LED) light from the The accessed. through the The The clock Symptom The LAN (RJ45) located the back of to this or the to connected to this whether the connected firmly, and then ON the supply. The disconnected. the the The the to connected to this PC, or LAN to this used, and when or router, straight used. The specifications of the should The IP of this the IP the The IP of the with the of this To establish the from the to this the IP when should the the and this The router the of this and the and the router accordingly. The authority the authority The the SD [PAUSE] the of Then to the clock the clock the AC and the hours to charge the the clock. the IP of this back to and please
About the (LED The of the with long-term If its diminished, the from whom purchased the or branch/office About of this to the of its the than the warranty its performance and this the charge. the from whom purchased the or branch/office.
SPECIFICATIONS 12VDC (AC AC100 240V) 26.4W D20.5 H23.2 only) selection SD Memory interface input IC input Mic input IC input Item Specifications D22.4 H5.4 RGB 15P HDMI RGB input 15P HDMI input Mic (shared) USB RS-232C D-SUB 9P Ethernet RJ45 USB
Item Specifications F2.7 Shooting of 16X 8X Auto/Manual/Zoom CMOS Effective RGB 800TV or 800TV or RGB output SXGA WXGA XGA With TELE from the WIDE from the Without TELE from the WIDE (Wide-angle) from the RGB SXGA polarity WXGA XGA Negative polarity polarity polarity SXGA: WXGA: polarity, XGA: polarity
HDMI output White Auto/One-Push/Manual Brightness Color/B&W selection Text1/Text2/Text3/ graphic Edge Effect Provided graphic light, light White LED PCM Graphics1/Graphics2 Item Specifications
and SD SDHC (SDHC of SD-3C, LLC. HDMI, and High-Definition interface or of HDMI Licensing LLC. This based the of the JPEG Group. other this or of their respective This the AVC (AVC the and of to AVC that recorded and activity and/or, AVC that obtained from from MPEG- LA and LLC and to and AVC recorded the and AVC offered the licensed from MPEG-LA, LLC to AVC Additional information including that relating to and obtained from MPEG-LA, LLC. Unauthorized recording of copyrighted photographs, the rights of copyright owners and contrary to copyright and of ELMO (SD and WARNING
OVERSEAS SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES ELMO USA CORP. Headquarters Country Coast Branch Corporate ELMO SAS Headquarters Branch Plainview, NY U.S.A. Cypress, CA U.S.A. 7C,