EDR-X04 EDR-X109 EDR-X116 EDR-X216 EDR-X416 and Remote 2003G
ELMO DVR 2003G V2.07 Published Copyright ELMO rights of this or or or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or information or without the written of the copyright and the publisher.
ELMO DVR and ELMO DVR Remote
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Thank purchasing ELMO (DVR). ELMO of ELMO LTD. This through the of ELMO DVR and ELMO DVR Remote software. If or please or technical team. ELMO warrants this to with its and specifications, and to free from and workmanship and service the Drives, (or the of three years the purchase this ELMO charge; however, warranty Other only* and N.B.: Compact (CP) warranted and This warranty technical which the responsibility of the from whom purchased the It to or from (ESD) warranted. This warranty cover ELMO indirect or of profits, of or other incurred the with the purchase, installation, or of this ELMO and its should software their DVR their the of this warranty, technical please To service, please follow these of to: ELMO, Country Road, Plainview, New USA. shipments should shipped insured and properly (preferably the and outlining the warranty of or other of purchase NOTE: The ELMO DVR with (rated of with protection. to warranties! This the of advanced and and tests. Copyright of this to ELMO, and or without written If to or that ELMO the warranty Should or with ELMO This and CE and FCC the USA.
Please these when selecting location heat, such as sunlight or heating and or waves Obstruction to this please that: The switched off There enough the and its The The microwave, or type of wireless such as telephone or To DVR, follow these the clean the and the with both the the thoroughly the below included: ELMO DVR and Software ELMO DVR AC Telephone ELMO DVR Items
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Items
The following displays the back of DVR: ELMO DVR Rear
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G The following functions the connected: Function Function Function Warning
The to DVR Alternatively, the double-clicking the ELMO With and XP, to information. the located the right-hand of user created. This to options and security reasons, it recommended that the of this and other with of access. If username and and what they please information to them. To to follow these Click the the appears. and Click the OK or to information creating or please The consists of the buttons, and and buttons. the to or search recorded and Finally, off the
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G ELMO DVR and Search PAC the and that allows to to search, and search which includes playback, search, and/or its and which includes such as motion, information, and POS Integration. Encrypted of the to PAC DM Software searching POS and and
PAC Drive/Memory templates and POS and Card Access the the of the and the RAM of the DVR. Indicates and activity. On there and interface shown). four four the ELMO DVR Table ELMO DVR Screen
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G On the specify the of the to each and the that to motion detected. If the (PTZ), specify the type of To or follow these Select the that to each The to the following ID-Name. the number(s) that the to Record and the activated. the number(s) that when motion P/T/Z the the PAN/TILT/ZOOM Select the of the the P/T/Z Related Motion Detection This NOT ELMO DVR This NOT ELMO DVR
Preset Touring PTZ the that the each the To the touring, follow these Click the Click the the Touring section the of the below: Click to and used. To follow these Click the to Click NC/NO to the type of (NC Normally Closed, NO Normally Specify Recording amount
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Related and used. Active Active to the when the active If the the specified to the amount of the active when To or follow these Click the the of the selected the Active the required. the which activates the selected If than the to the numbers. the the NOTE: This NOT ELMO DVR
Related The allows to specified with to the to the seconds) the of each To follow these Specify the the Select the the Click to the Related On the Motion Detection to motion each Additionally,
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G options which displays and recording options. Motion Detection the the the arrow. when motion within specified If motion the associated the clear:Clears selected covering the whole selected Brightness the brightness, and of the selected or Day/Night:Sets the selected to or and white. to the Recording This NOT
Each recording fps) to their If increase the of the of the other to Clear: Clears covering the Screen from or Quality: from to the of the to the to and of motion Selects the of the motion the or red. when motion: from to when motion detected the specified Once selected, through to the specified the To motion selected follow these the On the the to the the and the to You to the Click the to Related installation, DVR account. It recommended that the this account or with of security. To or follow these as Click the Click the Click the button. the and Confirm the Select the the to to access. Click the to the created
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G To existing follow these Select the user from the of users. Click the The allows to the recording their to the type of recording motion, or Copy To: Allows to recording to or of the other Copy To
Custom Allows to would to recording to. recording On this the option of the or monthly or yearly The Motion Custom To follow these Select to the recording. the To the recording and Sundays/Custom the time/hour the Click the to recording the recording the M-motion, P- the recording M-motion, P- the recording and the Record recording. If this function selected, other recording to sensor-activated recording. Motion: to motion-activated recording. Pre-Alarm: to seconds and motion detected.
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Click to On the the of that displayed the and which to shown the to the selected to To follow these Select or Select the to the Select the to the You the the and
The Communication allow to DVR to whenever Communication of whether or allowed. Throttle: Allows to the of the the of to Emergency: If the the to the software, with the You the numbers. Emergency The first the to The the first The seconds the the selected If other the the DVR the To telephone, follow these Select LAN/PSTN/LEASED CIRCUIT (Router) Select the Throttle of
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Select Motion Emergency Select the Emergency the Emergency and the Click to To to another DVR follow these Select LAN/PSTN/LEASED CIRCUIT(Router). Select the Throttle. of Select Motion Emergency. Select the Emergency. the Emergency IP the Click to The Information allows to or information about
Information Information:Enter the ServerID, location, and the purchase It that the and its to to the from location, the the ID and together. If the or the incorrect, from the Motion Detection motion when recording motion the to If this function, the DVR the JPEG If this function, the BMP the Information: the information the Format: Allows to displayed. Select the type of and Select SENSOR' to and SENSOR' to of buttons displayed the when chose You to the of and shown search to to the previously from this the Clock: Daylight
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G recording with DVR sound recording the microphone's sound recorded together with the The sound as as the recording. It recorded the recorded the If should hear the recorded when recorded played back. Recording Disabled: recording sound or sound detected. To recording follow these Select the to recording Click Recording. To playback follow these Select the which to playback. Click Playback
the the scheduled that the should Additionally, features, easy and the or when the rebooted. To this option, please the to the and the Clicking allows to authenticate This or the If this option, the authentication Used to the topic Remote information If tripped, encrypted to CD. This to the Network ELMO DVR This NOT ELMO DVR This NOT ELMO DVR
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G there Loss, the following sound the PC the associated when there Associated with and Communication Select of to this of Format Choose NTSC and PAL. To follow these Click Click Sound to Select the to activated when This activated the which the sound active. that allows the to or to specified The ELMO DVR that P/T/Z features and the or where Instead, offers tracking This NOT ELMO DVR This NOT ELMO DVR
To follow these Select the from the Specify which to Click P/T/Z You the the PTZ the Select the This the the to the specified Select the to The to this when motion detected. the This the the to the the section the Specify the Active to this
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G The shows which allocated It allows to the allowed C or To follow these Click the button. The below appears. Click to the the the Click the the the shown below appears. The NOT ELMO DVR
Click the to Click Proceed to the process. The Format appears: Click to with formatting. The Select appears: that NTFS selected security or FAT32 security. Click OK Once the normally. The to of the location where know then the from the and DVR that
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G To follow these Click to the the the of the of the specified which the appear. Click to to the Click to the selected to the Select the to the of the and/or Select the then the the the Select the then the the the Select the then the the the Click to the To the follow these Click the checkbox. Click the or to
activity These through the You that to text-based Records Record Navigation It to records Allows to the activity To through records, follow these Click the to Records' to the months that Click the to the month to that month. Select the to or the to the to username. selecting or username, the activity appear the right Click to to The to the within the through or
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G the brightness, and each Background Refresh If the the This the caused this to seconds. It from to 1800s. If updated, background Detection This the of the that the to off. Decrease the to the only Increase the to only and the ones. Detection of to Sound Wave to when motion Duration of Sound Wave: the sound Count: of You when or when You the of the from specified
This the the Threshold: This the of to included the SMTP location, each SMTP information. IP: The IP of the SMTP Usually to this. This SMTP information please account otherwise, please account and user and to this the please accordingly. To when follow these Click to the function. Select the to activation. Click to when Address. Optionally,
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G the seconds. the the Complete the SMTP information. To the of the follow these Complete the Click the section. Select the to from Include Of. the of to the Every. Optionally to the Related Communication This allows to height once they the playback, their height them to the
To the follow these Select the which to the Select the or white) of the that If the background white, the the the to the the to the that and the Unit section, the of to inches, the To the follow these Physically the height that that the to the and straight the information to to the If and would to the To follow these Click the the interface. Click the Information Click the The appears:
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G to the to Click the OK To follow these Click the the Information The appears. Click the OK imported.
allows to such as selecting type, and This CD-R. Please that CD-R the CD-R the process. To follow these that there enough free the C You should least 650MB. CD-R the CD-R Click the Search the Right the of the Search Select to choose the Select to choose the Click CD backupEncrypted to encrypted or CD to AVI Search On the the and AVI the to Encrypted of the You back CD-R encrypted or AVI, or Encrypted with the software. AVI AVI
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G To back encrypted or AVI follow these Click Search the Click the The appears:
Select Encrypted or AVI as the type. Select the and from the Select the to the of the Click the Select to to or CD-R/CD-RW (600MG If CD-R/CD-RW, Format CD-R/CD-RW to the CD that with the CD. DVR allows to selected To of follow these Click Search the
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Select which there recorded. with highlighted the the to Click the and to the which to the snapshot. Stop playback. Click the which to the snapshot. Click the The appears:
Select the Snapshot option. Select the Click OK. appear and would to the to Select The allow to whether or with. The to the selected to with graphics The or JPEG This the Information section. This allows to creating schedules. You to or to You to or monthly To follow these
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Click the tab.The appears: Click the The appears:
the options as follows: the the section, the and appears:
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G and from the section to Select rotation option from the pull-down Select the from the This the 'immediately', hour Select the Priority from the Click to specify where would to the backed-up
Select or Remote the To back to the option. Then the from the Path To back to the option. the IP of the PC the IP text To the the the text Select the clicking the Select
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G This with the DVR software. to the through the The with ELMO Remote DVR and MUST to Remote
You search recorded the Search The searches include Search, Search, and Search. Search Please the following sections to learn Searching and the You search recorded to the and the recorded.
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G To Search and follow these Select and Month from Select the to search. highlighted which there recorded highlighted white selected to search. highlighted yellow the of recording. Select the that to 24-hour showing recorded motion, and Click the to or reduce the
Select clicking the buttons. to The that there recorded three and from 11AM to AM). Continuous recording. Motion recording. recording. as of the and that recorded. To follow these Click the the Search The appears as shown below.
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Click The and Click Click OK to the To follow these Select the from the Click To To follow theses Select the Click The to the of the The Search consists of buttons. The following the of these buttons:
Advanced Functions
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G PAC Functions Search ELMO DVR searches the recorded and outputs motion.
Search To search, follow these Click the Search the Search appears to the which to search. To areas, the right the and the Click the Search to search. appears with the with
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G the If motion detected, the following appears: To only text (rather than and the Text the
DVR to and PAC activity PAC PAC Text To PAC Text follow these Click the the Click the Text Select the which to text overlay. On the around the which to the text overlay. Select Black/White the text Selecting the text to the of the background. If the background the text would white. If the background bright the text would the Brightness to background
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Select Text to text the of Characters the with to the rectangle's the with to the top the to the of when text the of to the the Text If there text input the text automatically.
ELMO DVR Remote software to and the or LAN of the ELMO DVR ELMO DVR This section the that ELMO DVR To ELMO DVR Remote Software, the ELMO Remote The following appears: ELMO DVR Remote Activates the once connected to the
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Search Searches previous that recorded remotely, or to CD-R/CD-RW. the to ELMO DVR Remote features and of to and the from connected Allows to specify which each allowing from to the This accomplished through and RECEIVE the of IP the IP of the currently active Emergency or motion Health connected to DVR through this the of there and Allows to the software the DVR appears the created with the software. and the option of process. This MUST to Allows the user to with who the to with the You located anywhere as as to that The should IP or IP service such as www.123ip.com. To follow these Click the the The following appears: Table ELMO DVR Screen
Click the The to appears: Creating New The which would to the of characters. This
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G the to Group. of choice. IP IP of the The that which to the This match with the the the user Allows to creating the of to to. Click the to Group. the of the Group. Click OK to connecting to that the and that or Also, should the of ELMO DVR and ELMO DVR To to follow these Click the the The following appears: match with ID the software. this to to the when the software loads. to New
Select the from the of Click the The Connecting LAN appears showing the of the Connecting You that the from the software.If the appears showing the IP, and
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Remote Software To that follow these On the the to The affected the of selected. You to activated the to Click the to If and the following appears: selected
If existing and would to the Stop the then the other It to to with ELMO DVR Once created the of to than To to follow these From the of the to to. The Connecting LAN appears: Connecting To connected the buttons the selection selection To without disconnecting, the the To right-click the To follow these Select the with the Select there than connected
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G selection Click the Stop the Click the button. The following appears: Disconnecting from Click to or to to the If connected to and and the immediately disconnected from the
It to This chapter the of ELMO DVR Remote software. Search to search from and types. This type of or CD-R and when HDD This from that from DVR and to with the software. If the when the Search This when searched remotely and recorded played back from selected While connected to ELMO DVR Remote to that or that played from search.
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G To follow these Disconnect from connected Click the the Click the the section Remote Recording: recording options Record to when Recorded Search to when back Search while connected to Click the Select to choose the which the to backed Click OK to and three of Snapshot Encrypted(Time and AVI Encrypted and AVI selection. Encrypted the recorded automatically. AVI the option of selecting the to record, as as the Snapshot the option of to selected MUST to To follow these to Click Search the Click the
Search Select Encrypted or AVI. If Encrypted choose the and the If AVI choose the to record, the and the AVI Caption: Click OK to the shows that To of follow these Click Search the Select with recorded. with highlighted the Select the to Click the and to the which to the snapshot. Click the Stop to playback. Click the of which to the snapshot. Click the The appears. Select the Snapshot option. the to the OK. appear would to the to The allow whether or with. The to to with graphics
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G The or JPEG MUST to using ELMO DVR Remote 2003G, shows You that To process, follow these Click the The following appears: Disconnecting process. Click OK to terminate the and or to the process.
You search recorded previous To search previously follow these Disconnect Click Search the The following appears: Search Select Select and the information appears the
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Search Select Showing previous Select the choice and OK The search appears:
Search/Playback If HDD selected, the appear, from internal or If selected, option to backed-up the PC become If Search selected, there the option to search that backed the PC. the and Search connected from searching locally. You connected to search. To search connected follow these to Click Search the The Search appears:
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Remote Search/Playback Select the and to playback; then the playback buttons to playback the recorded highlighted that recorded that The shows which recorded from them.
to the without to If connected to and the to the loaded. This the function function that allows users to the with or Recording This allows users to Search or mode.It the You the to related to type, and
ELMO USER MANUAL 2003G Communication of This allows to choose phone or LAN/high Read-only text to the type of that On the the Other Network If the this please Network Other
Network the TCP/IP options the and the software. Network