If the normally following the to the to its operating instructions. only those that If the or of other and often covered the operating instructions as performance this service. the operation. Instructions the and operating instructions should the operated. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS Introduction Instructions The and operating instructions should retained reference. the and the operating instructions should to. Follow Instructions operating and instructions should followed. required, the service technician specified the or the Unauthorized fire, shock or other the as characteristics Cleaning this from the cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. recommended the Sources This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of supply to or products to from or other to the operating instructions. Heat The should from heat such as heat or other WARNING the this or cords associated with with this to known to the State of California to or other products (including amplifiers) that heat. Service this from the outlet and servicing to service If or the the power-supply or If the to or the following
Introduction (Continued) The of shielded interface to this FCC this It the responsibility of the to and than interface connected to TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT EXPOSE the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the shielded interface with this If this interfaces. or the the authority to the THIS PRODUCT TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. WARNING: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference the outlet from that to which the authority to this FCC or the the or technician -Increase the the and receiver. or the to of the FCC or of the following FOR UNITED STATES USERS: USER-INSTALLER CAUTION: connected. INFORMATION
Lithium-ion Battery Introduction (Continued) or the The with built-in protection features. Should these features the overheat, burst and/or the and terminals with such as or the together with such as short-circuiting flow, causing the to overheat, burst and/or or the such as or heat. the fire or heat its insulation its release or and/or its possibly leading to overheating, bursting and/or ignition. or the heat such as fire or heater (80C or higher). If the resin should to overheating, internal short-circuiting to the possibly leading to overheating, bursting and/or of the the or and allow to the protective with high and reactions possibly leading to overheating, bursting and/or ignition. recharge the weather. its built-in protective features, recharging, or the built-in protective features, causing to with high and and, as reactions possibly leading to overheating, bursting and/or ignition. the with or other with or its and internal short-circuiting possibly leading to overheating, bursting and/or ignition. or throw the The might overheating, bursting and/or ignition. Also, the protective becomes become with high and reactions which overheating, bursting and/or ignition.
Introduction (Continued) apparently or of the or other overheating, bursting and/or of the directly the Otherwise, heat its insulation, its release or possibly leading to overheating, bursting and/or ignition. the and recharging, the charged, reactions then or excessively high possibly leading to overheating, bursting and/or ignition. the to vehicle to flow the possibly leading to overheating, bursting and/or ignition. the other than those specified. its performance and/or its service shortened. the which the used, excessively high through possibly and leading to overheating, bursting and/or ignition. Battery and If with from the battery, or or the of with clean immediately. with the occurred. If recharging to when specified recharging immediately further recharging. overheating, bursting and/or the microwave or heating or to overheating, bursting and/or ignition. If the or off it from the catch fire, and the burst or Warning If the off heat, becomes or or appears recharging or immediately from the or charger and the overheating, bursting and/or ignition.
Introduction (Continued) or the to or such as weather. overheating and/or Also, its performance and/or its service shortened. The incorporates built-in location where high of electricity the possibly leading to overheating, bursting and/or ignition. The recharging to 45C. recharging operation this to and/or overheating of the and to If from the or clothing, immediately with or the location where reach Also, that that the from the charger or If overheating and/or other when the the first or
Introduction (Continued) of the BEFORE YOU USE The to the attached. to to 0C to 40C (32F to 104F) Head: -10C to 50C (14F to 122F) only the attached AC other AC account. this the following Humidity: to specification. this the the of the become high. this If the head such as and the head completely with fresh the off the head with cloth, and the head completely with or such as to sunlight, or to The and the AC this of the following or field head the with such as thinner and this the to Clean this If there or the coating this through such or and or the when the to the or the or the front or the LCD roughly, the front or the LCD or the or the only with cloth. the directly the or the malfunction.
carrying the or the head, the and the securely. the battery, OFF the supply to the the or the head roughly. Introduction (Continued) the head or the that the or the catch or the while or the or This of and If this as follows, the internal The the SD memory extracted or the USB connected when the operation. The USB or the AC other of to the and around to If this or intentionally the the free within the warranty This CCD of and of the normally. Therefore, or witnessed the This phenomenon to the CCD and
Introduction (Continued) If the the If the this with the The this rechargeable lithium-ion battery. This to and humidity, of as DO NOT INCINERATE AS BATTERY MAY EXPLODE The shooting such as with the of and the higher or the the the to the when release from the Whenever the of this to the battery. the Battery The LCD the LCD with ultra-high the effective count of or that LCD the and of or LCD This clock battery. If the clock with from the battery, the and If this the the and P107) Clock to the to the AC from the AC outlet or to to 0.3W. the AC when wave), the The AC sound from the This phenomenon. the AC least from receiver. to the of the AC This the AC
the SD memory that to high or or of to allow the the back of the SD memory to with or the SD memory or the of the SD memory or wares or electricity. Also, or strongly shock the SD memory or or the SD memory or the SD memory Introduction (Continued) The recorded or to the or the SD to the noted those ELMO USA Corp to of or of the recorded You to to the confiscated, arrested and to fines and prosecution. the where or recording
Introduction (Continued) the formation of of the or of this when the to when it brought from If the with the this to brought from the and airtightly the Then, the as the about and then when the Turn OFF the supply, and this about hour the disappears. with that the with the the of the the This brought from cooled or This brought from heated clear or the to the the Measures to counter to when clear If or the with this the of trousers or or the or Carrying The function of this and head within the head. The of these the used. to reliably the function, to The charge ELMO USA Service only. the of once of the
or party, earnings or the caused the of the memory to or other reason, It prohibited to or the whole of this instruction without written or earnings to the of this or third or party, forewarned ELMO USA Corp to the of this or third copyright to this instruction without ELMO warrant this The of this instruction to without forewarned that that Introduction (Continued) DISCLAIMERS ELMO USA to the the or to with Compensation related to the memory this or SD memory shooting to shooting and and recording operation. Precautions shooting The recorded this other recorders. this The following this recorder: recorded or created other of the SD memory edited PC SD memory SD memory The based the and the of the this the SD memory to 2GB used. this recorder. the SD memory to this SD Memory Card Sys-Com recommended. this recorder, the SD memory the FAT16 from that with the SD used.. Memory to this The free of the SD memory than the indicated capacity.
Introduction (Continued) The its own of life. with the of and the passed, the the becomes substantially the to the Then, battery. of the The this as They actually this recorder. this prohibited strictly copyright or international to or moving-image without the of the copyright It strictly copyright or international to such whether or charge-free, the or the to third If this should copyright forewarned that that there where or recording restricted or and DirectX of Microsoft Corporation of the United States and Other and to this instruction or This household this to or The SD of the respective other countries. Copyright the LCD strongly, or the of the LCD or the LCD this LCD receiver, reception caused. the the with the instruction
to the Search the with Devices..............................120 microphone to the to the to the earphone to the Item to Item SD information....................................................................126 Format SD the and the the to the PC....................................................................134 to the PC Browsing the Troubleshooting Specification Optional Introduction......................................................................................82 IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS Lithium-ion Battery BEFORE YOU USE......................................................................87 DISCLAIMERS..............................................................................92 Confirming the Preparations.....................................................................................96 The of Each The of to Charge the Battery to and the to the head......................................102 function of this to and the SD Memory Card.........................104 Turn ON and Turn OFF the Turning ON the supply.....................................................105 Turning OFF the supply to the the and Recording How to record..............................................................................108 the of recording back the Introduction (Continued)
Introduction (Continued) Confirming the Unpacking AV USB Instruction head Earphone AC Battery
The of Preparations Screw The with Direction the the ELMO Head attaching head microphone Earphone AV locking screw Strap Microphone cover DC-IN USB Battery POWER& HOLD MENU LCD LED Head ENTER RESET SD REC (Down)
Preparations (Continued) The of Each recorded Played MOV00001.asf Battery SD memory SD memory SD memory only Red: Charged Record Normal SELECT microphone AV HOLD The SD memory or properly. P104) the SD memory Warning OK ENTER The write switch of the SD memory LOCK. The SD memory Format the SD memory the FAT16 P127) The corrupted and played. the This played. The SD memory locked. and memory SD the The SD memory to the SD memory SD memory :Record Record :Record Recorded Record Record MOV00001.asf The capacity of the SD memory The SD memory capacity. 010:25:00(999MB)
the catches of the their the recorder, and the completely. the battery. to Charge the Preparations (Continued) catches Battery charging and operating the DC of the AC the DC-IN the of the recorder, and the the AC recharging. Battery or the AC OFF the supply to the recording ON) hours Approx hours hours Charging high-temperature or low-temperature Continuous Charging While the LED lights the charge, the LED DC-IN DC To AC
Preparations (Continued) the the Battery appears the LCD and the this recharge the immediately with the turned OFF AC P98) According to the the the right of the LCD as below: Battery Battery Battery Warning Empty the
to and the Preparations (Continued) How to the the (B) of the the pressing the arrowed the Convex (B) of the turning screw the locking screw counterclockwise. the locking screw the locking screw turning clockwise. the locking screw. Match the the with the of the the locking screw of the and as that of the threaded (1/4-20UNC) of that this fixing to The threaded locking of the mounts the apply force to the or the
Preparations (Continued) the locking screw turning clockwise. the locking screw. Turn the locking screw counterclockwise the locking screw to the locking screw locking screw Press the C of the the arrowed while the the other of the C of the
to the head Preparations (Continued) attaching the head to the OFF the supply to the the Head to the the right relation to the that the with the head thrust other attaching the or the the If forcibly, caused. head the cover from the head attaching the cover. of the (Convex) Head cover. the head turning the screw of the head the screw clockwise. the head of the head to the head attaching the head. attaching head Screw head.
Preparations (Continued) Turn the screw of the head counterclockwise to the head, and the cover. function of this the head. Removing the Head performance: Corresponding to JIS Protection Class (IP with to depth. The head section of this with that the NOT The using the head the the head completely with fresh Then, off the head with cloth, and the head completely the or the the thread and the and the or cracks. These or head
to and the SD Memory Card Preparations (Continued) or the SD memory OFF the supply to the or the The the SD memory or or write function of the SD memory the SD memory the arrow and the SD memory the SD memory from the SD memory the SD memory other than the SD memory the SD memory or the How to the SD memory to the SD memory the SD memory the SD memory the of the recorder. At this that the back of the SD memory the (LCD the SD memory LCD SD memory the SD memory memory SD SD memory SD memory
Turn ON and Turn OFF the Turning ON the supply turning ON the supply, appears, or the SD memory normally. the buttons Playlist turning ON the supply, to the SD memory P104) Press [POWER&HOLD] switch to the POWER seconds. the supply turned ON, buttons. Then, the appears the LCD Turning OFF the supply Turn ON the supply. turning ON the supply to the the first the purchase, the the and appears P107) Press [POWER&HOLD] switch to the POWER seconds. Then, the supply turned OFF. Turning OFF the supply If the when the recording or the to the turned OFF to OFF Function the life. OFF OFF the supply to the recording, or the recording and to played.
Press the [POWER&HOLD] switch to HOLD the switch clicked. the to the other of the This operations the recording or when back the to the to the Click the [POWER&HOLD] switch to the Release the
the and the supply to the turned ON the first purchase, the and appears. Then, the and to the below. To the [ENTER]. To the Year Month Hour the following the [MENU]. the Cursor the completed, and the Playlist appears. Press [REC] to the the the or of the following the and the and The with the The from the recorder. The completely.
Turn ON the supply. P105) to Recording [REC] to recording. The recorded the SD memory recording. Press [REC] to the recording. Press [REC] to recording. This when the or required. [REC] the to the while the LCD or the using only, such the OSD. P110) required.) [REC] shooting to shooting and the the and the to whether their or OFF the supply to the recording, or the recorded and become Record recording. [REC] Record only, the microphone displayed.) the [REC] lighting [REC]
Recording (Continued) to (Continued) recording. [REC], and the recording to to Record [ENTER], and the recording Record the recording, and the recording. [REC] [ENTER] Record the of recording, the recorded shortly. Playlist when the or the Record the recorded the
the Turn ON the supply. P105) Recording (Continued) Record OSD Press [REC] once to the Record and then, [MENU] to appear the Record the Record the hierarchy, the to the items to or and [ENTER] the the and the OSD [MENU] the or the and the OSD [ENTER] to the selection. hierarchy,
Recording (Continued) Function [OSD item of To the To the Quality High To the to recorded To the Record Rate To switch the the to the counter or clock Counter Clock To the of the of the head to connected To the intensity of light that the Bright To the brightness of the LCD Bright Brightness
[SD memory capacity: 1GB] Record of recording of recording Recording (Continued) High High High High High Record [SD memory capacity: 1G] of recording High High High Record [SD memory capacity: 1GB] of recording
Recording (Continued) The memory and recording of the SD memory its or type. the SD memory of capacity from 1GB used, the recording roughly to the capacity. the SD memory to this SD Memory Card Sys-Com recommended. SD memory to this The recording of the SD memory of the to the shooting
Turn ON the supply P105) back the to the [ENTER] the playback to the Press [ENTER] to the the Select the to played or Select the operation this the displayed [ENTER] Function To the To temporarily It operation to seconds than playback to the Frame-by-frame rewind/Frame-by-frame playback the the this the To switch the P115) Item displayed. OSD [MENU] (The to the operation. Unexpected
back the (Continued) Turn ON the supply. P105) Search the each [MENU] pressed, the switched as follows: Search Switch the Search the P114) operation the search the search when (UP) or (DOWN) the playback fast-rewound or fast-forwarded. this the switched to the fast-forward/fast-rewind To to the or to to the Function operation the the to or the the the to only], the selected to only]. selected to or (Next Previous this button the [ENTER] this the Item displayed. [MENU] To switch the To temporarily Fast-rewind/Fast-forward the of playback through the Fast-rewind/Fast-forward. function sound Fast-rewind/Fast-forward.
the when with and [ENTER] pressed, the displayed instantaneously (UP) or (DOWN) back the (Continued) To to the Function operation the To the of the slightly earlier than position.The The retained the of the function as rough this the [ENTER] this the Item displayed. [MENU] To switch the
back the (Continued) the Turn ON the supply. P105) OSD Then, [MENU]. Then, the OSD appears. Press [ENTER] playback to the recorder. the the P114) hierarchy, [ENTER] the the and the OSD [ENTER] the or to the item to (UP) or (DOWN), and the and the OSD the selection [ENTER]. Select the hierarchy, the the OSD displayed.
Function back the (Continued) [OSD item of To the the recording OFF ON To the playback To switch the of the recording or playback to counter or clock Counter Clock To the brightness of the LCD Bright Brightness
Turn ON the supply P105) Select the Select the to operated the using or [MENU] the OSD [MENU] pressed, the OSD appears. the OSD Format SD Card information SD Information Select (UP) or (DOWN), and [ENTER] the displayed, [ENTER]. [MENU] pressed, the Then, the the
microphone to the with Devices attaching microphone to the OFF the supply to the the cover from the microphone the the cover. top of the recorder. microphone(not included) of the microphone with the of microphone input of the recorder. the Confirm the recorders LCD that the microphone connected. the microphone. microphone connected, the built-in microphone used. recording.( P108)
with Devices (Continued) to the the cover from the Earphone /AV and the AV with RCA Then, the AV the recorder, the switched from the LCD to the AV the the AV the with OFF the supply to the To the White To input To input (right) AV (supplied) the the output to that of country/region.( P123,125) the head attached to the recorder, recording
with Devices (Continued) the cover from the Earphone /AV The of the and the earphone. the earphone. to the earphone operations of the earphone The earphone guaranteed. Earphone (supplied) The earphone to the AV If the when the earphone to the of the earphone. to LCD the cover from the Earphone /AV and the AV with included). the AV The operations of the guaranteed. AV connecting/disconnecting the AV the to the right and the AV
the Item Turn ON the supply.( P105) to item [MENU] to the items. the items. Select the the and [ENTER] to the selection. the to the item P124) [MENU] pressed, the resumed. Select the Select the item using (UP) or (DOWN), and the item the of the displayed. [ENTER].
the Item Screen (Continued) Function Item To the To the High Quality To the recording To the Record Rate Record Option ON: To the the recording OFF To the ON
the Item (Continued) Function Item (Continued) To switch the of the recording or playback to counter or clock To the of the LCD Bright Brightness seconds Counter Clock OFF To OFF the supply to the LCD the the turned-off the LCD to the ON operation. To the SD memory information information SD To the SD memory Format SD SD Card seconds To switch the TV to the NTSC North America) or the PAL To the on-screen to English, or NTSC PAL TV English To the information of the firmware S/W Information To the firmware( P128) F/W To the P130)
the Item Screen (Continued) Turn ON the supply.( P105) SD information item [MENU] to the items. the items. Select SD Card. Select the SD Information using or and [ENTER]. the SD information Select the SD or and [ENTER]. Then, the SD memory items displayed. Select SD Card information
the Item (Continued) Turn ON the supply.( P105) Format SD item Select the SD or and [ENTER]. Then, the SD memory items displayed. [MENU] to the items. the items. Select SD Card. to this SD Card appears, [MENU] pressed, the [ENTER] to the formatting. Format SD Select the Format SD or and [ENTER]. Select SD Information.
the Item (Continued) the of the recording function, the the firmware this to the function of the recorder, to the the firmware, distributed from If firmware other than the or the firmware with the of used, Therefore, when the recorder, the following with such as connecting the with the PC or to both the AC and the battery. that the supply off the process, the and The the The SD as the SD the the with the PC. P134) Turn ON the supply. P105) The firmware Turn OFF the supply to the recorder, and the USB Then, ON the supply to the recorder. the the [MENU].
the Item (Continued) Select F/W (UP) or (DOWN), and [ENTER]. Select F/W the contained the SD memory the contained, to the shown the right appears. Confirm the the of the appears. [MENU] pressed, the and the [ENTER] pressed, the to the item the Since the of each item the the the completed, the the SD memory The supply turned OFF automatically. automatically. The completed.
the Item (Continued) The and the recorded the and Turn ON the supply.( P105) the and P107) Select P107) the items. [MENU]. of the following the and the and should The with the The from the The completely.
Counterclockwise the cover from the mounting turning the cover counterclockwise. the cover. The the optional the mounting cover Counterclockwise the from the mounting turning the counterclockwise. the The attached to the fixing the to this Optional Clockwise the optional to the mounting turning the optional clockwise. the replaced, the should P133) Also, the to the as shown the right while directing to the mounting cover Clockwise the cover to the mounting turning the cover clockwise. the cover. the threaded and the and the or cracks. These or
the that other than the where the or shock to the or the or Apply grease to the of the mounting If the coated with grease, caused. the or the should the the cover from the mounting turning the the while the the LCD cover counterclockwise. the the cover. Clockwise: To Counterclockwise: To shoot To shoot the counterclockwise To shoot the clockwise. the threaded and the and the or cracks. These or cover the the cover to the mounting turning the cover clockwise. the cover. this recorder, the
to the PC to the PC The PC to this should with Microsoft (SP4 or or XP (SP2 or connecting the with the PC or to both the AC and the battery. Then, the PC the LCD the USB with the USB the USB of this recorder. If this normally, the MOV00001.asf MOV00002.asf VOC00001.asf VOC00002.asf USB (attached) this with the PC the first the the plug-and-play function of the and the displayed. Turn ON the supply. P105) To the supply outlet
to the PC (Continued) Select the to the [ENTER]. The the PC. Browsing the the USB the operation completely. The ASF the software, such as The the SD memory the software of PC. The of this G.726. If PC with the G.726, the recorded the of or only played the PC. this the G.726 PC. The ASF software. software whether the ASF
the attached AC or charge the battery. P98) the charge? The turned ON. Symptom Battery and Troubleshooting If the the lowered temporarily. the with or the The The If the AV the switched Press to release the To the LCD the AV to the the ON? the AV The ON the LCD OFF. the AC or charge the battery. P98) the charge?
Troubleshooting (Continued) Shooting, recording and recording Symptom the SD memory P104) the SD memory loaded? from the SD memory recording.( P119) the of the SD memory the type or the recording the to the to P112 of recording the of the SD memory free. recording. Release the of the SD memory the SD memory locked? the head.( P102) the head attached? The SD memory The recording The recorded. the to the the head P110, the connecting the the to that of country/region.( P123, the correct? the head properly to the recorder. P102) the head attached properly? The the to the brightness. P110, the properly? The too bright or too this as as from TV or To reduce the sufficiently brighten the This the near TV or The light from when shooting. This with supply of the shooting The shimmers.
If the AV the switched to the To the LCD Press to release the the AV the ON? the AV The supply ON the LCD OFF. Symptom Troubleshooting (Continued) LCD the P123, the brightness The LCD too bright or too This This property phenomenon. or or Red,
Troubleshooting (Continued) the the and then the SD memory with the recorded the P108) there the SD memory the SD memory loaded? played. The Symptom Played the and higher, and then the P123, The rough. The and the too Record the bright to the brightness. The This light light irradiated to of the or the the to the only recorded, recorded. brightness. P110, the Brightness the properly? The too bright or too Record to recording recording. P123, Record to P122) The of the earphone or AV connected with the of the TV or the the of the TV or the Increase the P114) The of the the connected to the TV or the the of the TV or the than that should heard.
Symptom the SD memory The SD memory loaded. the SD memory appears. Troubleshooting (Continued) Others This To the release the to HOLD. P106) Format the SD memory the FAT16 P127) The of the SD memory Release the of the SD memory the SD memory locked? The SD memory locked appears. The SD memory formatted. to appears. If the switch to HOLD the operation RESET function of the to the RESET to the forcibly. P96 factory the switch to HOLD? when pressed. This To the release the to HOLD. P106) the switch to HOLD? appears. The and played. the P119) The This played appears. the the right P128) the right?
The of the SD to 2GB. microphone SD included TFT QVGA .asf microphone Recording LCD DC 5.0V(when the AC used) DC 3.7V(when the used) supply 4.5W(when the AC used) 2.8W(when the used) when the 16 Dedicated USB microphone Earphone/AV OUT DC IN USB NTSC/PAL switches the input with MPEG4 with G.726 or IPX8 Water head 0C to Head -10C to 50C) to factory Effective of CCD field field Shooting Allowable relative to Lithium-ion type 3.7V Battery brightness the AC 250V DC 5.0V 2.0A supply AC 480TV 420TV to or White S/N ratio
head Optional head Optional the information of the optional the outlet from whom purchased this or F2.0 Battery F2.5