VP VPR-2 INSTRUCTION MANUAL Please this instruction using this and reference. NOTICE: this Country. the of the HDMI this properly or there performance. with operation the to with this CEC function used. the wireless please switching and while. If the wireless to than to wireless interference when The and the to without and of ELMO other company/products this or of respective SUPPLIED ITEMS of the following items included the VP AC with Instruction The AC country. the the AC to the AC Assembling/ the AC or the AC and the AC the following to the from the the assembling/ Assembling the AC the of the AC hear click. Press the of the AC and the to AC OPERATION PROCEDURES USB AC To or To items. To items. HDMI HDMI light LED to the with the light LED to light the supply Already Remote Searching WHDI input Please the protection of the VP The USB of the VP supply only and other USB connected. the AC to supply to the VP receiver. the USB to supply to the VP receiver. The of the VP higher than the of the USB the that WHDI HDMI of this with HDMI the wireless the please switching and while. this please there the and AAA Remote Remote light (White) ON. with the OFF. Turn the OK the OSD item the the the Right the right back the the Select Info the information of the Battery (TYPE AAA the batteries, please the of the of the the of the to the head of the and the of the battery. If the top of the there that or the crushed the the top of the On the back of the and the the shown. the and the AAA If this to the of the rechargeable batteries)). and or of together. to recharge or short-circuit the batteries. of follow the instructions of from and to the polarity to AAA batteries. If from or clothes the with immediately. If with and The reduced when the sunlight, light or other the light the to light. such the or shield the light Children batteries. and of reach. If immediately as this asphyxiation or to Connecting the VP the as shown the WHDI HDMI Connector HDMI The AC to the the input of the to HDMI. HDMI A). Turning the ON/OFF Press the the to the To the off, the the once the wireless the wireless the VP receiver. the wireless please the VP and HDMI ,then the VP and the ELMO. To the the the or the the then and the the or the OK the You or the of the from the VP the the to with the or buttons and the the or the OK the the to Source" and the the or the OK the to Press and the (Located the of the the appearing (the of the appears the About seconds. It the the the AC VP HDMI USB the and AAA the shown the To
the to "OK" the and the the or the OK the The of the displays when finishes. If the please turn the of VP off and the and If to than to paired). about the of the to the instruction of the respective the Select Then the the or the OK the Select Source from the Then the of the or the OK of the Select the of to Then the of the or the OK of the Select OK and the or the OK of the The of of the appears, then OK and the the or the OK the of the Select Then the Select Source from the Then the the or the OK the Select the Then the the or the OK the the the or buttons to the and right to the character to Press the and to selection. the and buttons to to the character to the with and the to the This the as the the or right to the the or to the character and the OK to confirm. Once completed and the the or the OK the Then and the the or the OK the Selecting the Source the the of appears the Select the Press the button to output the of the selected VP the the selecting the the of Please and this shown while with the please and the Info the Info the to the The of the and of the displayed the Within from the front of the Within and right of the The of the CAMERA CAMERA CAMERA CAMERA of the to mount this If as shown below, please with screws supplied). Please the screws to the attached to the of the such as board, please the anchor to each of the The screw and screw Then the screw the Wall Wall Mount screws included. Please the screws as shown below. The screw head should about from to mount this If please the screw the of this to mount supplied). At this to allow operation from please with the of the facing the If or first this section. If the warranty and the where purchased the The VP displayed. or The distorted. sound appear, follow the instructions to the If the the the where purchased the F) Wireless Used Communication the AC 100V-240V, 5V, 2A HDMI WHDI including HDCP Selection of the VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA SXGA HDMI OUT A) 7W( 5V 1.4A) without AC L83 W80 H31 L3 W3 H1 ELMO SAS Headquarters 7C FRANCE Branch VPR-2(E2)_M TROUBLESHOOTING The AC disconnected. the the AC and the the the which the interference. the surrounding The AC disconnected from the VP the the AC and the VP HDMI connected properly. HDMI the The the The input of the of the the which the interference. the surrounding HDMI connected properly. HDMI the The from the input. sound when there input. The of the or the to Turn the PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS mounted to the operation and right to the front as shown the