USER MANUAL Touch 2401LM Touchmonitor SW200127
of this publication reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or including, to, or otherwise without written of Touch Inc. The information this to without Touch Inc. and its Affiliates (collectively or with to the and specifically of merchantability or the right to this and to from to the hereof without of to of such revisions or Acknowledgments AccuTouch, CarrollTouch, Touch SecureTouch, TouchTools and of and its Affiliates. of Microsoft Corporation. Touch Inc. rights Copyright Touch Inc. Rights 2401LM SW200127 of
and Warning the of anesthetics, and other To fire or shock the or to or the with or other outlets the of the RISK OF ELECTRICAL SHOCK DO NOT OPEN. To reduce the of shock, DO NOT the back of the or the user-serviceable servicing to field service only. Uninsulated within the to shock. with the This with the and immunity and to the that and Other which to withstand as specified the to interference from this Subjecting the to the rated performance of the If that this or other interference from the of the and If that this functioning improperly to and other interference from the of the and Touch recommends that its (or customers of the Touchmonitor and its sound include the of or whole products and the recycling of products, and Please and and and the of To of shock, this connected to supply with protective earth. This consists of that mercury, which or of with or Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
as To the cord. This follow the and to connecting the to Touchmonitor, OFF. complying with IEC60601-1 connected to 2401LM Healthcare Applications The of ACCESSORY complying with the of this to reduced of the Consideration relating to the choices of accessory should of accessory the that the of the accessory to the IEC and/or IEC harmonized Please the and the Touchmonitor output the This the to information concerning the operation and of this which should to This DC This ON/OFF stand-by switch. and Healthcare Application It the responsibility of to or of Touch Inc. or its family of products or healthcare to that such and the and with regulations, and including to the Union Directive, United States Food, and Act, of the United States Food and Administration (FDA), and and including to clearances. sought from the FDA or other or government agency or as to the effectiveness or of its such applications. to or or healthcare their and without the of Touch Inc. rights This to the with cord. supply, such as the specified, 2401LM SW200127 of
o shock fir wit ANSI/AAMI ES60601- CAN/CS C22. This Touchmonitor Class (GROUNDED) DEVICE. These Touchmonitors classified NO APPLIED PARTS EQUIPMENT. Protection of This Touchmonitor classified as ORDINARY EQUIPMENT, or the of anesthetic with or of Operation: CONTINUOUS OPERATION. and C to C (non-condensing) o Transportation o o Transportation o 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications and reference. It with Touch Inc. rights INGRES PROTECTIO (IPX1 Transportation C o 65C 2401LM SW200127 of
and EN The EMC and to the following Immunity CISPR11:2009+A1:2010 ED. I, Class B) IEC61000-4-2:2008 ED.2.0 AS/NZS CISPR Class IEC61000-4-3:2006+A1:2007 +A2:2010ED.3.2 IEC ED.3.0 EN +A1: 2008+A2: Class IEC ED.2.0 IEC IEC ED.3.0 IEC ED.2.0 IEC ED.2.0 Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
and immunity EQUIPMENT AND SYSTEMS and The 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications the specified below. The or the of the 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications should that such RF The 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications RF CISPR only its internal function. Therefore, its RF and to interference RF Class The 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications CISPR other than and those directly connected to supply which Harmonics IEC fluctuations/flicker IEC Touch Inc. rights Class 2401LM SW200127 of
and EQUIPMENT AND SYSTEMS and immunity The 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications the specified below. The customer, or the of the 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications, should that such IEC Immunity Compl (ESD) IEC IEC to IEC to earth Short Interruption IEC IE C NOTE the A.C. to of the Inc. rights should or If covered with synthetic the should or input/output or supply input/output to to earth or or or should of typical location typical or should that of typical or should that of typical or should that of typical or If the of the 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications It recommended that the 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications from supply or battery. 2401LM SW200127 of
and immunity EQUIPMENT AND SYSTEMS that LIFE-SUPPORTING and immunity The 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications the specified The of the 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications should that such Immunity IEC Conducted RF Radiated RF IEC NOTE At and the higher NOTE These apply affected absorption and reflection from and from such as stations telephones and AM and FM broadcast and TV predicted theoretically with accuracy. To the to RF should considered. If the measured field the location which the 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications the RF the 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications should to operation. If performance necessary, such as or relocating the 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications. the to field should than Touch Inc. rights to and RF should to of the 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications and should that such including than the recommended from the to the of the Recommended to to where the rating of the (W) to the and the recommended from RF as survey1, should than the each Interference the of with the following 2401LM SW200127 of
Recommended and RF and the 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications EQUIPTMENT AND SYSTEMS that LIFE-SUPPORTING 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications o whic ate The or the of the 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications interference 2401LM Touchmonitor Healthcare Applications recommended below to the of Rated of (W) o o wher the rating of the (W) to the NOTE At the the higher NOTE These pply ected bsorption reflection from Touch Inc. rights Separation to of to to to 2401LM SW200127 of
Chapter Introduction Product Touch performance with the and This of of information and the Touchmonitor. This Touchmonitor incorporates active thin-film-transistor LCD to high performance. Its HD of graphics and Its LED backlight significantly reduces and mercury to Other that this LCD performance compatibility, built-in and headphone on-screen (OSD) and family of including and Follow and as recommended this user to the of and to the chapter information. This information that the and of the and through this the and chapters. Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
Unpacking the Touch the and the following items Touchmonitor with protective its TouchTools CD DVI VGA USB AC-DC AC Connector Interfaces the cover the back of the to the Touchmonitors Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
Touchmonitor the DVI or VGA the DVI/VGA input and DVI/VGA respectively. Tighten the screws performance. the USB the USB and USB the the and Select the the the AC and the input the DC to the input to the and with screws. routed the and the cover and routing. The Touchmonitor OFF Press the to Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
the Touch Software software Touchmonitor to with The the XP, and operating with Touchmonitor CD. the Touch www.elotouch.com The touch Additional information Touch other operating Download the and follow the XP, and WEPOS installations, the USB Touchscreen when prompted. If the the TouchTools CD CD-ROM The CD should the TouchTools Select This Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
installations, the USB Interfaces Other Touchscreens accepting the the the Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
Mounting Mounting Information The OSD text rotated through the OSD to mounting The located the top and of the Touchmonitor cover, or the Rear VESA Mount four-hole mounting M4 screws the of the the screwdriver to this mounting interface. The VESA mounting coded: VESA MIS-D, C Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
Mounting Threaded through-holes the of the mounting or securing. VESA Mounting The following VESA mounting with GCX www.gcx.com www.ergotron.com Office Products www.innov-office-prod.com MRI www.mediarecovery.com Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
Chapter To turn the Touchmonitor or off, the Touchmonitor once. The LED the of the Touchmonitor to the following Touchmonitor/Computer LED The when SLEEP and OFF specifications, to technical the Touching the the attached PC of SLEEP to the or To and reduce wasteful the AC from the when of Touch Touchmonitor factory-calibrated and should the input to the or the to to its and height measured of Generally, performance, displayed this when matches this of the the to its This stretching or the input as the X- and to the byproduct of the algorithms of when the the to the This of when feature-rich Touch Inc. rights OFF OFF SLEEP ORANGE ON GREEN 2401LM SW200127 of
containing Touchmonitor VGA graphic through the OSD to the of the Touchmonitors These the Touchmonitor. Also, to reduce the the correctly and displays of the industrys to the technical specifications this of these Preset On-Screen (OSD) OSD buttons the of the These to The buttons and their functionality Function when OSD displayed: Function when OSD displayed: OSD to OSD Increase of selected OSD item Decrease of selected OSD Brightness item Select only) to the OSD on-screen graphical user interface which top of input allowing of the following performance brightness. Brightness the vertically the centered. VGA input the the centered. VGA input Selecting factory OSD and Preset Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
Selects the The 9300K, 6500K, 5500K, 7500K, and If the option selected, the the R, G, and from to with R, G, and to the of the internal sharpness of the displayed Sharpness sharpness Allows of the clock phase. Phase VGA input Allows of the clock. Clock VGA input OSD the OSD the centered. the OSD the OSD centered. of OSD inactivity the Touchmonitor OSD Timeout closing the OSD. The and seconds. seconds the clock to the input VGA affecting the Clock, and Phase items. VGA input Selects which the OSD information displayed The English, Spanish, Swedish, Simplified Chinese, Polish, and English. OSD Select input VGA or DVI VGA Touchmonitor through the OSD as as they This from to choices the Touchmonitor or off and If there the Touchmonitor to the factory specifications. Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
OSD and Press and the and seconds to the OSD the OSD of the Down, or Select the Press and the and Down buttons seconds to the the the switch the headphonesare the headphone the internal off and played the headphones. the and headphone the OSD. Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
Chapter Technical If with Touchmonitor, to the following If the please or Customer Service. to Common The Touchmonitor when turning the the OSD to increase the brightness. the OSD to increase the displays PC the Touch functionality the with the Technical www.elotouch.com/products technical this www.elotouch.com/go/websupport www.elotouch.com/go/contactsupport technical this technical phone numbers. Touch Inc. rights Troubleshooting that the AC properly connected. the AC functioning. If the LED the or SLEEP Press the the Touchscreen to the reappears. to within the allowable specified Touchmonitor specifications) 2401LM SW200127 of
Chapter To of shock, follow and the Touchmonitor. They user-serviceable. The located the and top of the Touchmonitor or anything the The Touchmonitor with grounding cord. The fits grounded or the outlet that this cord. the that with Touch Touchmonitor. of unauthorized might warranty. that to the specified the Technical Specifications chapter. and The following Touchmonitor functioning the AC cleaning. To the cloth lightly with It that or the If service technician the with cloth or that scratch the To the or to cloth or apply the directly to the touchscreen. or thinner, or other cleaners. Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
Directive (WEEE) This should of with household It should facility that recovery and recycling. Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
Chapter Information I. Information: with to the and indicated the to than those specified operation, to the or fire the followed. There serviceable this There this which Service should service technician. or the there about the to connecting the to II. and Immunity Information Notice to the United States: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and and with the instructions, interference to Notice to This with the Class from as established the Interference Regulations of Notice to the Union: the cords and interconnecting cabling with the of and cabling or CE or immunity as the following This Information (ITE) to CE the which that the tested to the following Directives and This tested to the the CE as EMC Directive 89/336/EEC as indicated EN Class and the Directive 73/23/EEC as indicated EN Information to Users: This and If and to this the interference with and There however, that interference to factors. to and immunity the the following: the I/O to this with To the cord. The that or to the the the authority to the If this appears to interference with or reception, or other as the off and If that this causing the interference, to the interference using or of the following the from the affected receiver. Reposition (turn) the with to the affected receiver. the affected receivers the AC outlet the and the branch Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
and I/O that the use.(Un-terminated I/O of high RF the grounded outlet AC or the ground increase RF and shock to the If or or technician. III. Agency The following and issued or this CE to and EMC US "NRTL" UL) NTRL CSA) and ICES EMC US FCC, EMC CCC and Australia/NZ C-tick EMC WEEE KC EMC GOST BSMI VCCI Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
IV. to Chinese (Administration the of Caused Information Products), the section below the and amount of the toxic and/or that this or and Lead(Pb) Mercury(Hg) Chromium and Assembly LCD Touch PCBA Software (CD, O: Indicates that this toxic or of the homogeneous this below the SJ/T11363-2006. X: Indicates that this toxic or least of the this the SJ/T11363-2006. items with X, to EU RoHS. Explanation of with the SJ/T11364-2006 the information products with the following The this years. The or operating below, that the of this information or to Humidity:20%-80% (non-condensing). Humidity:10%~90% (non-condensing). It and recommended that this and to The should thrown casually. V. Specifications Ratings: Touch Inc. rights Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBB) Polybrominated Ethers (PBDE) 2401LM SW200127 of
100-240VAC, 12VDC, 3A, LPS VI. Specifications 12VDC, 3A Conditions: 0C 35C Humidity: to (non-condensing) to Conditions: -20C 50C Humidity: to (non-condensing) to Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of
Chapter Warranty Information as otherwise stated or acknowledgment to warrants to that the Product free of and workmanship. The warranty the Touchmonitors and their three years. warranty the of and from to the as Products or writing promptly (and than discovery) of the of Product to to the warranty forth reasonable such the associated with such and to the to inspect such Products as installed, The received the Warranty such otherwise directed writing the Within thirty such the Product its or functional and to and Within reasonable of the Product and that the Product to the warranty forth such by, options, or the Product or the Product. or and the of the Product with to bear the of or and the Product. incurred Product found to or of Products option, or If to or Product to to the warranty forth then option, to or credit to account the purchase of the Product straight-line stated Warranty These the breach of warranty. the warranty forth other warranties, or or otherwise, the products, their their their merchantability, their or otherwise. of or other authorized to warranty the other than the warranty forth the warranty to of the purchase of the the of or of or indirect, or the and to and from relating to the of the Products and of or and the of of the Products with and and responsibility warranty and other relating to or from products, which include or incorporate Products or or and and the Products or authorized and from or (including reasonable attorneys attributable to products or or concerning Touch Inc. rights 2401LM SW200127 of