M90 Amps
CONTENT Introduction switches Specifications M90 Amps
WELCOME to purchase of M90 MODENA. The M90 MODENA the Brother of the M60 MODENA, with the functionality and from the M60 with KT88 that higher and the slightly from the M60. to its higher performance the M90 the and heat the back The M90 MODENA its EQ section. There each On there those of and On the back there three Edge, and F/X connecting connecting the accompanying foot switch. M90 Amps
PRECAUTIONS WARNINGS PRECAUTIONS WARNINGS follow the instructions and Read this switching amplifier. to the chassis there serviceable amplifiers heat. from or the to or of or the the of the amplifier. the without connected or this to the amplifier. that properly grounded. or type and with heated children from the amplifier. to AC supply that to the amplifiers supply off the of related that the outputs. such as might seriously the of the amplifier. from the there of occurring or the with and force. cleaning. of the with cloth. high sound or others to high sound that hearing M90 Amps
INTRODUCTION About Amps Amps founded The to amplifiers with the sound and functionality The and everyone who of the that succeeded. From the the to the of historical amplifiers while critically the ideas them re-inventing the of characteristics to sound that the the sound. The built to of highest and each tested and of the heart and the and tones users the of the and tone of their The with to performance of sound with tone EQ and switching. what of from whispers to punches from to screaming high from to interacting with intentions. to to existing and to feedback and to the service The M90 Amps
GETTING STARTED the to the the to earthed outlet with CE cord. that theres connected to the the back of the amplifier. that the outputs. such as might seriously the of the amplifier. the accompanying foot switch to the and respectively. the switch to ON. that and counter clock Allow the to heater and seconds switching the switch. The ready the sound the the the front of the to oclock. the switches the front of the to OFF and respectively. Press the switch the foot switch the light and the amplifier. You should to hear sound the M90 Amps the without connected this to the amplifier.
CHANNEL Press the switch the foot switch that the to and the sound and from to The EQ section effective and sounds. sounds recommended to the below oclock might clean while sounds) and the with the Press the switch the foot switch that the light You activated the and The the amount of and the the The EQ section and the active when activated. and there of sounds to from lightly to heavy crunch. To off the the switch M90 Amps
CHANNEL Press the switch the foot switch that the light to there to the sound and At there the smooth, feel/sound as activating Press the switch the foot switch the light and the turned to crunch/leadsound. With this from to and pressing the switch the foot switch. Press the switch the foot switch the turning the clockwise; the increase and the sound become the and increases the and tone If the to, oclock, there sound. With this Press the switch the foot switch the light and increase tones. M90 Amps and to clockwise as to the amount of
TOGGLE SWITCHES switches switch OFF this the when the foot switchs connected. The switch and off, from the switch the foot switch. ON The activated If the foot switch connected the switch to this the foot switch connected this the switch the foot switch of function. M1 this activated when chosen from the foot switch. this the the switch the foot switch while switch select. switching and when the foot switch connected. Connecting the foot switch this switch of function and selection from the foot switch instead. M90 Amps The the foot switch light when activated this
MASTER VOLUMES The The M90 MODENA with footswitch This to to sound the of the and the of and the Press the switch that the light the to what the Press the switch that the the to You relationship the If the to too or to or and the of follow relation to If the the to the relationship with M90 Amps the Footswitch connected active.
BACK PANEL or or or or According to and Cooling On the back of the M90 cooling the and the heat built the that the when the switched Edge The Edge affects both this clockwise high to the sound. The affects both this clockwise to the sound. Mixing the F/X counter clockwise, the the Only amount of the connected the the turning the the the F/X becomes turned clockwise, to the the F/X The F/X to both boxes and and operates The F/X active both M90 Amps the without connected this to the amplifier.
BACK PANEL Foot switch the foot switch and to the respectively. The foot switch operated from Patch MIDI This allows the foot switchs through MIDI operated input the to earthed outlet with CE cord. 1AT only with the type-Voltage/current. The early M90 Amps
SPECIFICATIONS Specifications Preamp ECC83 (12AX7WA) KT88 AB (W*D*H). Footswitch (W*D*H) Specifications to without M90 Amps
CONTACT The Amps to to know existing and users to feedback and to the service Amps Tanumshede SWEDEN Phone: or M90 Amps