CRA-1 ELMO Wireless Please this using CRA-1. Please this the importantly.
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS these instructions. these instructions. Follow instructions. this Clean only with cloth. with the instructions. heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or grounding-type with than the other. grounding type and third grounding The or the third If the of the Protect the from or pinched The with arrowhead within to the user to the of within the that of to of shock to This located the of The within to the to the of operating and (servicing) instructions the accompanying the and the where they from the attachments/accessories specified the with the or specified the or with the used, when the to from this or when of servicing to service Servicing when the such as power-supply or or the the to or normally, or
WARNING: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT EXPOSE THIS PRODUCT TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. WARNING: the this or cords associated with with this to lead, known to the State of California to or other NOTICE: This with of the FCC and with RSS-210 of Industry to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. or to this the FCC authorization to this This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or Information: The radiated of the below the FCC Nevertheless, the such that the
Precautions About waves this This waves the band. this necessary. please the following the following: Microwave or such as In-factory stations stations that of factories. stations stations that wireless LAN this of the that interference About wireless the This the as and such as stations that factory and specified stations stations that this that there stations or specified stations nearby. If this waves which with in-factory stations immediately and the waves. information countermeasures, erecting of whose the of this If this waves which with specified stations or of whose the of this About lithium-ion The lithium-ion that the rechargeable battery. this lithium-ion easily affected and humidity, location and 25C. and the lithium-ion becomes the lithium-ion from the the lithium-ion battery, that the and terminals of the lithium-ion and should The lithium-ion battery's service reduced top-up charging
lithium-ion batteries, cover the sections with such as Scotch Tape, and them with or them to of whose the of this the lithium-ion If the or the the lithium-ion reached the of its service life. Please purchase lithium-ion from of whose the of this that the lithium-ion to item and therefore within warranty About the operating and This only. It the or location, location to the or to high The operating as follows. to 40C Humidity: to location to sunlight or near to heating or malfunctions the connected and the lithium-ion battery, and this location that to or from the with cloth. To cloth the and then using to the such as thinner or
Precautions About waves this About wireless the About lithium-ion the lithium-ion About the operating and functions Items Preparations....................................................................................................................... Software and Charging the About the the the the wireless and Starting the the the the highlight the the as the background the of the of as
Whiteboard the whiteboard the background the as the background the of the of as Teaching and the as the background the of the of as the the highlight the Teaching creation Creating teaching teaching teaching the Creating the background text Selecting or the as the background the of displayed the or Troubleshooting Product Specifications About
Please that and this from the Thank purchasing this Please this to of this Also, please to to information included with this functions This educational and to The features teaching effective the directly the directly the that and with interface born from knowledge of using The and easy to and to from anywhere the This function to the USB wireless to to from the recording immediately With recording", easily both the text written the and one-touch playback of recorded Both the that to the and written recorded them to to with their learning. Other recording to recording" the of of while recording" allows to only the that Effortless creation of the teaching You teaching with the It to the created teaching class. This while to teach of without the flow of the class.
IBM PC/AT (OS) CPU Core or higher GB or higher Memory GB or higher to Microsoft DirectX or higher USB HI-SPEED USB Compatible If sound used, of the Microsoft XP Edition Professional SP2 Microsoft SP1 Microsoft Professional or higher TT-02RX TT-02s P10S P10 P30S CO-10
Items The the following of the following items included the purchased. the Lithium-ion USB charging AAA the Application software CD-ROM Wireless RGB USB connecting to
Preparations Software and To this to the the following to the software. the CD the CD from the the displayed automatically. from the CD Follow the instructions to warning appear about with the or with the the displayed the prompted to the Follow the instructions to the Uninstallation To from function. There influence other software though of might
This section shows the effective of this Items to This and items with this Wireless RGB USB the and the as shown the about the and of each the Items TT-02s, TT-02RX, P10S, P30S, P10, CO-10 RGB
the ON or OFF. USB Press the seconds or to the OFF. the ON, the charge flashes. LED Indicates the wireless and charge Function operations. Function the Wireless Used when with the wireless the wireless Battery lithium-ion this Wireless when necessary. Wireless (LED) Used when with the
Charging the the lithium-ion the the lithium-ion the the of the the and the USB charging The LED" the of the charging The LED" off. Charging hours the insertion of the lithium-ion battery. the when necessary. the USB charging from the as as charging Battery cover Printed upwards Lithium-ion battery
the wireless to the USB Turn the the the LED If the LED flashes or off, there enough charge the lithium-ion battery. Charge the lithium-ion battery. If the LED" the flashes repeatedly and If If this as below, the the and wireless shortened, or become There the and wireless The while top of wireless or The while Also, to the characteristics of wireless the become relationships the and wireless
If LED flashes) the wireless using the "Wireless buttons" the of the and the wireless Turn ON the and the button" the The LED" flashes high Press the "Wireless the wireless The LED" the off seconds. the LED" off, the and wireless and the used. the wireless within seconds of the "Wireless the of the rear
About the The LED and LED the and the wireless LED the wireless the of the LED LED OFF. OFF ON. There enough charge the lithium-ion battery. Flashing LED LED the ON, with the wireless OFF High-speed flashing ON and OFF second) Flashing ON and OFF second) Charging. LED LED The ON, or when the ON, OFF High-speed The wireless the wireless pressed. flashing with the Flashing Press the to the ON. Press the seconds to the OFF. Charge the battery. correctly. The wireless pressed. with the wireless If with the correctly. If
the the the the Battery the the operability the the becomes round, with the the when the to the of the battery. the the to recharge or short-circuit the battery. AAA battery. rechargeable (such as The Its operating guaranteed. the when the You should the least once the to with that children their mouths.
the and The with buttons" to with operations. the the that the the or right-click, and then the that appears. The displayed.
It to and the that the when of the buttons. Notice when the connected, displayed. the when the touched the the to to If and the the please about with the from the
the the to the the It recommended that the vertically as If the while, power-saving To and the the once. the The of the and the of the the the operating the and the active. The from the operating Notice
Clicking (thick the once within the operating Double-clicking the within the operating the with the the within the operating once
Function function the function that The following function each function, the wireless and You the and wireless the the wireless with the wireless the The applied. to to whiteboard to teaching to teaching creation to the the wireless securely the and to while carrying around.
Starting To the If the the while Screen This the and The the The indicated with You the to or These or operations. This or the select, and then from of and
using the to This It displays the of the Whiteboard This the as whiteboard background displayed. Teaching This teaching The teaching and teaching that created with The selected teaching displayed this Teaching creation This creating teaching You teaching such as and This operations. It to the or of connected and to operations such as and The with the function the top of the or with the the retained when the If or teaching creation smoothly. Notice
Select the to from the right of the to If only to of the the with the that to and or while To the The to the You of and
You to from and the and the the to necessary. the Turn the the connected the first when OS XP, the to Follow the instructions the to the installation. the from the displayed.
the the Press The the to operation, the or or to the or right. the touches the of the the You the to To the the of the and the of the the right of the
the highlight Press The highlighted the the highlighted to the highlight that highlighted. To the highlight, the of the the Press displayed the the to To the the of the Highlight the of the the of the
Press The with the when the the and the displayed the right. the to To the as the background to the Press to to the previous the of the the right of the and then to the as the background, and the of the
the of the that to to recording and to the recording. the to "Teaching creation the recording To the created to and of and input the of as the that to as To the created to and buttons Selects The You the this the right of the and recording, please to the respective the right of the and The function of the Selects The You the this the that the If to of the the with the that to and or while to
AF The AF function of the PC recording You the or Next Select You that to The function of the Brightness Start/stop to the On the Whiteboard with the PC as the background. to the previous the currently displayed and the that input to the as such as the that the background, the background and the recorded, such as the buttons and recorded. The played back Teaching the currently displayed as such as the that displayed the background, the background and the recorded, such as the buttons and recorded. The Displayed when the whole displayed this to to the the displayed, this to to the first to the that (such as with or with the There operation. You that with to or its to to Teaching
Whiteboard to whiteboard Teaching to teaching Teaching creation The items buttons Highlight to teaching creation This function or of the that displayed. You the operation, the or or to the or right. the touches the of the the You the to This function to of the You the highlighted the highlight that highlighted. This function of the to that too This from the function of the This function displays together the that when the and the The the of the and the displayed the right. that to with
Whiteboard With to the background. the whiteboard started, the the background Select the background to from sheet and To that as the background, teaching or teaching creation the background the as the background the as the background the of the of the of as the of as (whiteboard). function the
buttons Selects The You the this background as the background. background as the background. Graph background as the background. Musical background as the background. background Whiteboard background whiteboard as the background. PC recording Start/stop Selects The You the this the that the If only to of the the with the that to and or while as the background. to the On the PC as the background. to the previous the currently displayed and the that input to the as such as the that the background, the background and the recorded, such as the buttons and recorded. The played back Teaching the currently as such as the that displayed the background, the background and the recorded, such as the buttons and to the
You the or Next Select You that to Whiteboard to whiteboard Teaching to teaching Teaching creation The items recorded. The displayed Displayed when the whole displayed this to to the the displayed, this to to the first to the that (such as with or with the There the to operation. You that with to or its to teaching creation Teaching
Teaching You to or other and them back teaching selecting the teaching to displayed. teaching the the teaching that and You to the and that the of and the of as started, the function the
The teaching selection displayed. Select the or that to and teaching created teaching creation selected the teaching selection It displayed the when there the of the The teaching displayed from the teaching displayed first of their the the selected teaching Information the type of the selected teaching the teaching selection and to the the teaching to displayed. teaching they selected the the selected teaching as teaching first the teaching selection the selected teaching when the teaching restored. If or that as the background of teaching the teaching correctly.
displayed, the or of the back or the reaction operations It other
the teaching selection or teaching that the with the buttons displayed below. the playback of the the as the background the as the background the of the of the of as the of as the the the highlight the highlight the the the playback of the The Playback each the or the playback. the of that sound This only when the playback the
buttons Selects The You the this PC recording You the or Next Start/stop Selects The You the this the that the If to of the the with the that to and or while to the On the Whiteboard with the PC as the background. to the previous the currently displayed and the that input to the as such as the that displayed the background, the background and the recorded, such as the buttons and recorded. The played back Teaching the currently as such as the that the background, the background and the recorded, such as the buttons and recorded. The displayed Displayed when the whole displayed this to to the the displayed, this to to the first to the that (such as with or with the There operation. to to Teaching
Select You that to Whiteboard to whiteboard Teaching to teaching Teaching creation to teaching creation The items Highlight You that with to or its This function or of the that displayed. You the operation, only the or or to the or right. the touches the of the the You the to This function to of the You the highlighted the highlight that highlighted. This function of the to that too This from the function of the This function displays together the that when the and the The the of the and the displayed the right. that displayed to with
Teaching creation You to teaching teaching teaching or the teaching that started, the function the Creating teaching Press The teaching currently created and teaching created. teaching Press The teaching selection displayed. Select the or that to
and teaching created teaching creation selected the teaching selection The teaching displayed from the teaching first of their the the selected teaching Information the type of the selected teaching the teaching selection and to the previous displayed, the or of the back or the reaction operations It other applications. teaching displayed they selected the the selected teaching as teaching displayed first the teaching selection the selected teaching when the teaching restored. If or that as the background of teaching the teaching displayed correctly.
teaching Press the teaching that currently edited. the Press the right of the to the (Not the connected.) operations C reating Press the right of the to the (Not the connected.) teaching and edited, overwrites the previously This that the and
Press and the The following of recording creating The of the recording the or type that the other when recording the teaching creation only the of the the Press to recording. recording, recording each tapped. To the recording, the of the such as buttons, and Normal recording the of the the recording This that of recording Records the of the each the recording tapped. If the while that to recording
the to the Whiteboard and "Teaching creation the recording
the background creating teaching background from the and created with Press and the or to as the background the BACKGROUND SELECT and teaching created teaching creation selected the teaching selection The teaching displayed from the teaching first of their the the selected teaching Information the type of the selected teaching the teaching to displayed. teaching they selected the the selected teaching as teaching first the teaching selection the selected teaching when the teaching restored. If or that as the background of teaching the teaching displayed correctly.
Select the teaching selection and to the The selected as the background. displayed, the or of the back or the reaction operations It other applications. creating teaching that Press Select that the and the to the selected the type, to of the that the right of the that the the type, to of the that
creating teaching that Press the STAMP SELECT to Click the to the selected the right of the
creating teaching text the Press the to input. The the of the that selected Selecting or Press the to or within the of The selected or the as the background the as the background the of the of as the right of the the right of the
C the Press Pencil/marker/fountain the the selected Thickness Select the type, and thickness or and then OK. the right of the to the Select the that to Select the type the selected with the thickness of the with the thickness of the The displayed the thickness to the Select the thickness the selected
or Press the the selected or to back the of the selected or the of the selected Selects The You the this the right of the to the Bring to front/send or the selected or to the or the of the selected or to the front or back of other or This the of or Selects The You the this the that the If only to of the the with the that to and or while
background background that the that text text with You or to Select or its PC to Whiteboard to whiteboard the background of teaching creation as the teaching creation operations with the Select background from whiteboard, recorded previously and that the to the On the PC as the background. to the the currently as such as the that displayed the background, the background and the recorded, such as the and recorded. The You or them, their or copying and them. to the that (such as with or with the There operation. to the Teaching
Teaching to teaching Teaching creation You the or Next buttons teaching existing teaching creation this pressed, the teaching selection displayed. Select the to to teaching creation Displayed when the whole displayed this to to the the displayed, this to to the first the teaching creation that currently edited. the type, it to of the that
This operations. started, the function the the of the of the and the of the wireless the of the lithium-ion battery. the Battery of the lithium-ion charge the and the the and that normally displayed. Select when to the the wave of the and wireless the wave
Increases the of items displayed the
The displayed buttons the Also, when that normally displayed. selected with the the operations as below. The of items displayed each increases. The highlight of the highlight function these operations. Can used. used. the and Brightness Start/stop recording whiteboard background Next PC background background AF Whiteboard Teaching creation Teaching
Stop/restart Whiteboard Teaching Teaching creation text Highlight
Troubleshooting ON the lithium-ion that the lithium-ion correctly. the lithium-ion to Charging the and then charge the charged? lithium-ion battery. the The the wireless connected to the the LED the or the LED the wireless flashing? Communication the with battery. the operating correctly? the that the wireless connected to the used. the wireless directly to the USB the It correctly USB used. the and wireless If If wireless or the the and wireless to interference from waves. that interference when using this The software's installation completed correctly. to Software and and and then the software. The the too or the too high. the
Communication the and wireless third-party software the and wireless the wireless or correctly with the output of the the selection the with [PC] (RGB IN). the of of the teaching correctly with the or that as the background? If third-party software with the operations of this third-party software while this become of obstruction the and wireless to the characteristics of wireless or of the of the the obstruction or the location. Wireless or with the the and wireless to If and then the wireless If this the the wireless or or to location with interference. the ratio of the of the matching the ratio of the to the ratio of the of the Please to the of the the of the and writings If teaching that or that the background displayed. or
the of teaching with the recording? the the sound of the to The recording, recording, recording and recording. these, recorded only with recording. recorded with the other types. If the input recording or the to hear the the to recording and playback which sound installed.
Product Specifications CRA-1 to 40C inches Reading Reading Reading Reading Wireless Used the Lithium-ion hours the Charging hours using USB using lithium-ion IBM with USB and CD-ROM Compatible OS SP1 XP SP2 W315 D257 H23 including AAA battery, and Lithium-ion About of ELMO The title XP the Microsoft XP operating The shortened of the OS the The title VISTA the Microsoft VISTA operating The shortened of the OS the The title the Microsoft operating The shortened of the OS the Microsoft and of the Microsoft Corporation the U.S. and other other company/product this or of their respective of ELMO
ELMO CO., LTD. OVERSEAS SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES Plainview, NY U.S.A. Cypress, CA U.S.A. ELMO USA CORP. Headquarters Country Coast Branch Corporate ELMO 6X1TABAC1