1940L Touchmonitor 1940L SW601787 of
Copyright Corporation, TE Connectivity Company. Rights of this publication reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or including, or otherwise without written of The information this to without Corporation and its Affiliates the TE business the TE Connectivity family of (collectively "TE") or with to the and specifically of merchantability or TE the right to this publication and to from to the hereof without of TE to of such revisions or Acknowledgments AccuTouch, TouchSystems, TE Connectivity and TE of the TE Connectivity family of of the Microsoft of Other or of their respective Tyco other than its own. 1940L SW601787 of
Table of Introduction Chapter Mounting Chapter Chapter Technical Chapter Chapter Information Chapter Warranty Information 1940L SW601787 of
Chapter Introduction Product touchmonitor performance with the and This of features of information and the touchmonitor. This widescreen touchmonitor incorporates active thin-film-transistor LCD to high performance. Its HD of graphics and Its LED backlight reduces and mercury to CCFL-backlit Other that this LCD performance and on-screen (OSD) Precautions Follow and as recommended this to the of and to the chapter information. This information that the and of the and touchmonitor, through this the and 1940L SW601787 of
the Touchmonitor the and the following items Touchmonitor with protective sheet its TouchTools CD CD information DVI purchased) VGA USB REMOTE OSD Connector Interfaces Touchmonitor the DVI or VGA the DVI/VGA input and DVI/VGA respectively. Tighten the screws with the performance. the USB the USB USB 12VDC supply to the input The touchmonitor ON should displayed already. 1940L SW601787 of Chapter
the Software software touchmonitor to with The the XP, and and operating with touchmonitor CD. the www.elotouch.com The Additional information other operating the TouchTools CD CD-ROM The CD should the TouchTools Select This 1940L SW601787 of
XP, and WEPOS installations, the USB Touchscreen when prompted: installations, the USB Interfaces Other Touchscreens the the the 1940L SW601787 of
the Touch Touchscreen *Multi-touch *USB ONLY Follow the the to the the CD-ROM CD-ROM Click This Computer. Click other USB interfaces. Click the 1940L SW601787 of
and the 1940L SW601787 of
The touch 1940L SW601787 of
Mounting Information The OSD text rotated through the OSD to mounting Rear VESA Mount four-hole mounting M4 screws the of the The VESA counting coded: VESA MIS-D, C. Chapter Mounting 1940L SW601787 of
1940L SW601787 of
Bracket Mount Threaded the of the mounting the 1940L SW601787 of
To the touchmonitor or off, the touchmonitor once. The LED the REMOTE OSD to the following TouchMonitor/Computer LED The when SLEEP and OFF specifications, to technical the Touching the the PC of SLEEP to the or To and reduce wasteful the AC from the when of Touch touchmonitor factory-calibrated and should the input to the or the to to Touchscreen connected to computers, the touchmonitor touches. connected to XP computers, the touchmonitor reports The touchscreen to through the function the The only they the technology. To the shortcut to the Touchscreen Chapter OFF OFF SLEEP PULSING ON ON 1940L SW601787 of
Select Match Touch to to Projected-Capacitive Touch connected to computers, the touchmonitor touches. connected to XP computers, the touchmonitor reports touches. this to HID this technology. The and touchscreen that and to the Microsoft the that 1940L SW601787 of
its and height measured of Generally, performance, this when matches this of the the to its This stretching or the input as the X- and to the of the algorithms of when the the to the This of when feature-rich containing small-font touchmonitor VGA graphic through the OSD to the of the touchmonitors These the touchmonitor. Also, to reduce the the correctly and displays of the industrys to the technical specifications this of these 1940L SW601787 of
On-Screen (OSD) OSD located REMOTE OSD These to The and their functionality Function when OSD displayed: Function when OSD displayed: OSD to previous OSD Increase of selected OSD Brightness item Decrease of selected OSD item Select Source to on/off on/off the OSD buttons on-screen graphical interface which displays top of input allowing of the following brightness. Brightness performance Allows of the clock. Clock VGA input Allows of the clock phase. Phase VGA input the the centered. VGA input the vertically the centered. VGA input Automatically the clock to the input VGA affecting the Clock, and Phase items. VGA input 1940L SW601787 of
Switches the Scaling and Aspect Ratio. Scaling Scaling the X- and of the input or as to the To Aspect Ratio and input with aspect ratio than the of the input or as to the and the to the input aspect ratio (and the of the with the and right). Aspect Ratio sharpness of the displayed sharpness Sharpness input Selects the The 9300K, 7500K, 6500K, 5500K, and If the option selected, the the R, G, and from to with R, G, and to of OSD inactivity the touchmonitor closing the OSD OSD. The and seconds. seconds OSD Rotation the OSD to or Landscape clockwise. Selects which the OSD information The English, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, and English. OSD OSD the location of the OSD the H-Position centered. OSD the location of the OSD the centered. Selects which the OSD text displayed The options OSD Rotation and Information the following information: 1940L TouchMonitor input www.elotouch.com www.te.com Selecting factory OSD and Preset The active the VGA and DVI This selects which of those input should to displayed. The options VGA Priority, DVI Priority DVI Priority Not with VGA input. Source 1940L SW601787 of
touchmonitor through the OSD as as they This from to choices the touchmonitor or off and If there the touchmonitor to the factory specifications. OSD and Press and the and buttons seconds to the OSD the OSD of the Down, or Select the Press and the and Down seconds to the the the switch the 1940L SW601787 of
If with touchmonitor, to the following If the please or Customer Service. to Common The touchmonitor when that the correctly attached. turning the the functioning. the OSD to increase the brightness. the OSD to increase the displays PC the Touch functionality the with the Technical Assistance www.elotouch.com/products technical this www.elotouch.com/go/websupport www.elotouch.com/go/contactsupport technical this technical numbers. Chapter Technical Troubleshooting 1940L SW601787 of If the LED the or SLEEP Press the the Touchscreen to the reappears. to within the allowable specified touchmonitor specifications)
Chapter To of shock, follow and the touchmonitor. They user-serviceable. The located the and top of the touchmonitor or the that to the specified the Technical Specifications chapter. and The following touchmonitor functioning Disconnect the AC cleaning. To the cloth lightly with It that or the If service the with cloth or that scratch the To clean the or to cloth or apply the directly to the touchscreen. or thinner, or other cleaners. Directive (WEEE) This should of with household It should facility that recovery and recycling. 1940L SW601787 of
Chapter Information I. Information: with to the and indicated the to than those specified operation, to the or fire the followed. There serviceable this There this which Service should service technician. or the there about the to the to II. and Immunity Information Notice to the United States: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and and with the instructions, interference to Notice to This with the Class from as established the Interference Regulations of Notice to the Union: the cords and interconnecting cabling with the of cords and cabling or CE or immunity as the following This Information (ITE) to CE the which that the tested to the following Directives and This tested to the the CE as EMC Directive 2004/108/EC as indicated EN Class and the Directive 2006/95/EC as indicated EN Information to Users: This and If and to this the interference with and There however, that interference to factors. to and immunity the the following: the I/O to this with To only the cord. The user that or to the the the authority to the If this appears to interference with or reception, or other as turning the off and If that this causing the interference, try to the interference or of the following the from the affected receiver. Reposition (turn) the with to the affected receiver. 1940L SW601787 of
the affected receivers the AC the and the branch and I/O that the use.(Unterminated I/O of high RF the grounded outlet AC or the ground increase RF and shock to the If or or technician. III. Agency The following and issued or this C-Tick CUL, IC CCC CE VCCI NOM CoC BSMI United States FCC, UL IV. RoHS to Chinese (Administration the of Caused Information Products), the section below the and amount of the toxic and/or that this or and Mercury(Hg) Chromium and Assembly LCD Touch PCBA Software (CD, 1940L SW601787 of Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBB) Polybrominated Ethers (PBDE)
O: Indicates that this toxic or of the this below the SJ/T11363-2006. X: Indicates that this toxic or least of the homogeneous this the SJ/T11363-2006. items with X, to EU RoHS. Explanation of with the SJ/T11364-2006 the information products with the following The this years. The or operating below, that the of this information injury, or to Humidity:20%-80% (non-condensing). Humidity:10%~90% (non-condensing). It and recommended that this and to The should thrown casually. V. Specifications 100-240VAC, 12VDC, 4.16A, LPS VI. Specifications 12VDC, Conditions: 0C 40C Humidity: to (non-condensing) to Conditions: -20C 60C Humidity: to (non-condensing) to 1940L SW601787 of
Chapter Warranty Information as otherwise stated or acknowledgment to warrants to that the Product free of and workmanship. The warranty the TouchMonitors, and their (three) years. warranty the of and from to the as Products or writing promptly (and than thirty discovery) of the of Product to to the warranty forth reasonable such the associated with such and to the to inspect such Products as The received the Warranty such otherwise directed writing the Within thirty such the Product its carton(s) or functional and to and Within reasonable of the Product and that the Product to the warranty forth such by, or the Product or the Product. or and the of the Product with to bear the of or and the Product. incurred Product found to defective. or of Products option, or If to or Product to to the warranty forth then shall, option, to or credit to account the purchase of the Product straight-line stated Warranty These the breach of warranty. the warranty forth other or or otherwise, the products, their their their merchantability, their or otherwise. of or other authorized to warranty the other than the warranty forth the warranty to of the purchase of the the of or of or indirect, or the and to and from relating to the of the Products and of or and the of of the Products with and and responsibility warranty and other relating to or from products, which include or incorporate Products or or and and the Products or authorized and from or (including reasonable attorneys to products or or warranties concerning 1940L SW601787 of
the www.elotouch.com the Product Information Specifications News Press releases Software TouchMonitor Touch with To about the of www.elotouch.com, or the office North America TE Touch CA USA 800-ELO-TOUCH Corporation, TE Connectivity Company. rights B-3010 1940L SW601787 of 2F America TE Touch FL USA