2201L SW601363 of 2201L Touchmonitor
Copyright Rights of this reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or means, including, to, or otherwise without written of The information this to without or with to the and specifically of merchantability or the right to this publication and to from to the hereof without of to of such revisions or Acknowledgments TouchSystems, and TE of the of and its of the Microsoft of Other or of their respective other than its own. 2201L SW601363 of
Table of Chapter Introduction Chapter Chapter Mounting Chapter Chapter Technical Chapter Chapter Information Chapter Warranty Information 2201L SW601363 of
Chapter Introduction Product touchmonitor TouchSystems performance with the and This of features of information and the touchmonitor. This touchmonitor incorporates active thin-film-transistor LCD to high performance. Its HD of graphics and Its LED backlight reduces and mercury to CCFL-backlit Other that this LCD performance compatibility, built-in and headphone on-screen (OSD) and family of including and Precautions Follow and as recommended this user to the of and to the chapter information. This information that the and of the and touchmonitor, through this the Installation, and chapters. 2201L SW601363 of
the Touchmonitor the and the following items Touchmonitor with protective its TouchTools CD information DVI VGA USB AC-DC North America, United to Connector Interfaces the cover the back of the to the touchmonitors 2201L SW601363 of Chapter
Touchmonitor the DVI or VGA the DVI/VGA input and DVI/VGA respectively. Tighten the screws performance. the USB the USB and USB the the and Select the the the AC and the input the DC output to the input the cover, routed the and the cover and routing. The touchmonitor OFF Press the to 2201L SW601363 of
the Touch Software software touchmonitor to with The the XP, and operating with touchmonitor CD. the www.elotouch.com The Additional information installation other operating the TouchTools CD CD-ROM The CD should the TouchTools Select This 2201L SW601363 of
XP, and WEPOS installations, the USB Touchscreen when prompted: installations, the USB Interfaces Other Touchscreens 2201L SW601363 of
accepting the the the 2201L SW601363 of
Mounting Information The OSD rotated through the OSD to mounting The located the and top of the touchmonitor cover, or the Rear VESA Mount four-hole mounting M4 screws the of the the using screwdriver to this mounting interface. The VESA mounting VESA MIS-D, C Mounting Threaded through-holes the of the mounting or securing. 2201L SW601363 of Chapter Mounting
To the touchmonitor or off, the touchmonitor once. The LED the of the touchmonitor functions to the following TouchMonitor/Computer LED The when SLEEP and OFF specifications, to technical specifications the Touching the the PC of SLEEP to the or To and reduce wasteful the AC from the when of touchmonitor factory-calibrated and should the input to the or the to to its and height measured of Generally, performance, displayed this when matches this of the the to its This stretching or the input as the X- and to the byproduct of the algorithms of when the the to the This of when feature-rich containing small-font 2201L SW601363 of Chapter OFF OFF SLEEP PULSING ON ON
touchmonitor VGA graphic through the OSD to the of the touchmonitors These remembered the touchmonitor. Also, to reduce the the correctly and displays of the industrys to the technical this of these On-Screen (OSD) OSD buttons the of the These to The buttons and their functionality Function when OSD displayed: Function when OSD displayed: OSD to previous OSD Increase of selected OSD previous item Decrease of selected OSD item Source to the OSD on-screen graphical interface which displays top of input allowing of the following brightness. Brightness performance Allows of the clock. Clock VGA input Allows of the clock phase. Phase VGA input Automatically the clock to the input VGA affecting the Clock, and Phase items. VGA input the the centered. VGA input 2201L SW601363 of
the vertically the centered. VGA input Switches the Scaling and Aspect Ratio. Scaling Scaling the X- and of the input or as to the To Aspect Ratio and input with aspect ratio than the of the input or as to the and the to the input aspect ratio (and the of the with the and right). APR touchscreen functionality Other touchscreen when switching Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratio sharpness of the Sharpness sharpness input Selects the The 9300K, 7500K, 6500K, 5500K, and If the option selected, the the R, G, and from to with R, G, and to of OSD inactivity the touchmonitor OSD Timeout closing the OSD. The and seconds. seconds Selects which the OSD information displayed The English, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, and English. OSD Selects which the OSD text displayed The options OSD Rotation and Selects the touchmonitor mounting and to Mounting match physical This the of the OSD text the of the internal and headphone the Muted and Not Muted. Not Muted Selecting factory OSD and The active the VGA and DVI This selects which of those input should to displayed. The options VGA Priority, DVI Priority DVI Priority Source touchmonitor through the OSD as as 2201L SW601363 of
they This from to choices the touchmonitor or off and If there the touchmonitor to the factory specifications. OSD and Press and the and seconds to the OSD the OSD of the Down, or Select the Press and the and Down buttons seconds to the the the switch the headphones the headphone the off and played the headphones. and of the and headphone the OSD. 2201L SW601363 of
If with touchmonitor, to the following If the please or Customer Service. to Common The touchmonitor when turning the the OSD to increase the brightness. the OSD to increase the displays PC the functionality the with the Technical Assistance www.elotouch.com/products technical this www.elotouch.com/go/websupport www.elotouch.com/go/contactsupport technical this technical phone numbers. 2201L SW601363 of Chapter Technical Troubleshooting that the AC properly connected. the AC functioning. If the LED the or SLEEP Press the the Touchscreen to the reappears. to within the allowable specified touchmonitor specifications)
Chapter To of shock, follow and the touchmonitor. They user-serviceable. The located the and top of the touchmonitor or the The touchmonitor with 3-wire, grounding cord. The fits grounded or the that this cord. the that with TouchSystems touchmonitor. of unauthorized might warranty. that to the the Technical Specifications chapter. and The following touchmonitor functioning Disconnect the AC cleaning. To the cloth lightly with It that or the If service technician the with cloth or that scratch the To the Touchscreen, or to clean cloth or apply the directly to the touchscreen. or thinner, or other cleaners. 2201L SW601363 of
Directive (WEEE) This should of with household It should facility that recovery and recycling. 2201L SW601363 of
Chapter Information I. Information: with to the and indicated the to than those specified operation, to the or fire the followed. There serviceable this There this which Service should service technician. or the there about the to connecting the to II. and Immunity Information Notice to the United States: This tested and found to with the Class to of FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and and with the instructions, interference to Notice to This with the Class from as established the Interference Regulations of Notice to the Union: only the cords and interconnecting cabling with the of cords and cabling or CE or immunity as the following This Information (ITE) to CE the which that the tested to the following Directives and This tested to the the CE as EMC Directive 89/336/EEC as indicated EN Class and the Directive 73/23/EEC as indicated EN Information to Users: This and If and to this the interference with and There however, that interference to factors. to and immunity the the following: only the I/O to this with To only the cord. The user cautioned that or to the the the authority to the If this appears to interference with or reception, or other as turning the off and If that this causing the interference, try to the interference using or of the following the from the affected receiver. Reposition (turn) the with to the affected receiver. 2201L SW601363 of
the affected receivers the AC the and the branch and I/O that the use.(Unterminated I/O of high RF the grounded AC (Removing or the ground crease RF and shock to the If or or technician. III. Agency The following and issued or this C-Tick CUL, IC CCC CE VCCI KCC NOM CoC BSMI United States FCC, UL IV. to Chinese (Administration the of Caused Information Products), the section below the and amount of the toxic and/or that this or and Lead(Pb) Mercury(Hg) Chromium and Assembly LCD Touch PCBA Software (CD, O: Indicates that this toxic or of the homogeneous this below the SJ/T11363-2006. X: Indicates that this toxic or least of the homogeneous this the SJ/T11363-2006. items with X, to EU RoHS. 2201L SW601363 of Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBB) Polybrominated Ethers (PBDE)
Explanation of with the SJ/T11364-2006 the information products with the following The this years. The or operating below, that the of this information injury, or to Humidity:20%-80% (non-condensing). Humidity:10%~90% (non-condensing). It and recommended that this and to The should thrown casually. V. Specifications Ratings: 100-240VAC, 12VDC, 3A, LPS VI. Specifications 12VDC, 3A Conditions: 0C 40C Humidity: to (non-condensing) to Conditions: -20C 50C Humidity: to (non-condensing) to 2201L SW601363 of
Chapter Warranty Information as otherwise stated or acknowledgment to warrants to that the Product free of and workmanship. The warranty the TouchMonitors, and their (three) years. warranty the of and from to the as Products or writing promptly (and than thirty discovery) of the of Product to to the warranty forth reasonable such the associated with such and to the opportunity to inspect such Products as The the Warranty such otherwise directed writing the Within thirty such the Product its or functional and to and Within reasonable of the Product and that the Product to the warranty forth such by, options, or the Product or the Product. or and the of the Product with to bear the of or and insure the Product. incurred Product found to or of Products option, or If to or Product to to the warranty forth then shall, option, to or credit to account the purchase of the Product straight-line stated Warranty These the breach of warranty. the warranty forth other warranties, or or otherwise, the products, their their their merchantability, their or otherwise. of or other authorized to warranty the other than the warranty forth the warranty to of the purchase of the the of or of or indirect, or the and to and from relating to assessing the of the Products and of or and the of of the Products with and and responsibility warranty and other relating to or from products, which include or incorporate Products or or and and the Products or authorized and from or (including reasonable attorneys attributable to products or or warranties concerning 2201L SW601363 of
www.elotouch.com the Product Information Specifications News Press releases Software TouchMonitor Touch with To about of www.elotouch.com, or the office North America CA USA 800-ELO-TOUCH 2201L SW601363 of D-85521 B-3010 2F