USER MANUAL Touch 2740L Touchmonitors SW602096
of this reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or including, to, or otherwise without written of Inc. The information this to without Touch Inc. and its Afffiliates (collectively or with to the and specifically of merchantability or the right to this publication and to from to the hereof without obligation of to of such revisions or Acknowledgments AccuTouch, CarrollTouch, Touch SecureTouch, TouchTools and of and its Affiliates. of Microsoft Corporation. Copyright Touch Inc. Rights 2740L SW602096 A, of
Table of Chapter Introduction Mounting Chapter Chapter Technical Information Chapter Warranty Information 2740L SW602096 A, of
Chapter Introduction Product touchmonitor the performance of Touch products with the and This of features of information and the touchmonitor. This touchmonitor incorporates active thin-film-transistor LCD to high performance. Its HD of graphics and Its LED backlight reduces and mercury to CCFL-backlit Other features that this LCD performance and on-screen (OSD) Precautions Follow and as recommended this user to the of and to the chapter information. This information that the and of the and touchmonitor, through this the Installation, Mounting, and chapters. 2740L SW602096 A, of
Chapter Unpacking the Touchmonitor the and that the following items Touchmonitor with protective sheet its CD information VGA DVI USB ET2740L-0NXX Mounting OSD 2740L SW602096 A, of
Connector Interfaces Touchmonitor the DVI or VGA the DVI/VGA input and DVI/VGA Tighten the screws performance. the USB the USB and USB (Not ET2740L-0NXX 12VDC supply to the input The touchmonitor ON should displayed 2740L SW602096 A, of
the Touch Software software touchmonitor to with The the www.elotouch.com The Additional information Touch other operating Select the from the Touch and 2740L SW602096 A, of
XP installations, the USB Touchscreen when prompted: 2740L SW602096 A, of
installations, the USB Interfaces Other Touchscreens the the the 2740L SW602096 A, of
Chapter Mounting Mounting Information The OSD text rotated through the OSD to mounting Bracket Mount Threaded the of the mounting the Rear VESA Mount 2740L SW602096 A, of
four-hole mounting M4 screws the of the The VESA counting coded: VESA MIS-E, C. 2740L SW602096 A, of
Chapter The touchmonitor ON To the touchmonitor or off, the touchmonitor the OSD once. The LED the OSD to the following TouchMonitor/Computer LED The when SLEEP and OFF specifications, to technical specifications the Touching the the attached PC of SLEEP to the or To and reduce wasteful the AC from the when of Touch touchmonitor factory-calibrated and should the input to the or the to to Touchscreen to computers, the touchmonitor touches. The touchscreen to displayed through the function the OFF OFF SLEEP PULSING ON ON 2740L SW602096 A, of
The they using the touchscreen To the shortcut to the Touchscreen Select Match Touch to to 2740L SW602096 A, of
The that and touches. to the Microsoft the that its and height measured of Generally, performance, displayed this when matches this of the the to its This stretching or the input as the X- and to the byproduct of the algorithms of when the the to the This of when feature-rich containing small-font touchmonitor VGA graphic user through the OSD to the of the touchmonitors These the touchmonitor. Also, to reduce the the correctly and of the industrys to the technical specifications this of these Preset On-Screen (OSD) OSD buttons located These to 2740L SW602096 A, of
The buttons and their functionality Function when OSD displayed: Function when OSD displayed: OSD to previous OSD Increase of selected OSD Brightness previous item Decrease of selected OSD item Select Select to the OSD buttons on-screen graphical interface which displays top of input allowing of the following brightness. Brightness performance Allows of the clock. Clock VGA input Allows of the clock phase. Phase VGA input Automatically the clock to the input VGA affecting the Clock, and Phase items. VGA input the the centered. VGA input the vertically the centered. VGA input 2740L SW602096 A, of
Switches the Scaling and Aspect Scaling Scaling the X- and of the input or as to the To Aspect Ratio and input with aspect ratio than the of the input or as to the and the to the input aspect ratio (and the of the with the and right). The touchscreen when switching Aspect Ratio options. Aspect Ratio sharpness of the Sharpness sharpness input Selects the The 9300K, 7500K, 6500K, 5500K, and If the option selected, the the R, G, and from to with R, G, and to the location of the OSD the OSD H-Position centered. OSD the location of the OSD the centered. of OSD inactivity the touchmonitor closing the OSD. The and seconds. OSD Timeout seconds Selects which the OSD information The English, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, and English. OSD Selects the touchmonitor mounting Landscape and to OSD Rotation match physical This the of the OSD Selecting factory OSD and Preset The active the VGA and This selects which of those input should to displayed. The options VGA Priority, DVI Priority DVI Priority Source touchmonitor through the OSD as as they This from to choices the touchmonitor or off and If there the touchmonitor to the factory specifications. 2740L SW602096 A, of
OSD and Press and the and buttons seconds to the OSD the OSD of the Down, or Select the Press and the and Down buttons seconds to the the the switch the 2740L SW602096 A, of
Chapter Technical If with touchmonitor, to the following If the please or Touch Customer Service. Worldwide technical phone the of this to Common The touchmonitor when turning the the OSD to increase the brightness. the OSD to increase the displays PC the functionality the with the The OSD buttons or to the OSD or when Troubleshooting that the DC properly connected the DC functioning If the LED the or Computer SLEEP Press the the touchscreen to the reappears. that the turned that that there resolution/timing to within the allowable specified touchmonitor specifications) to within the allowable specified touchmonitor specifications) the function the OSD 2740L SW602096 A, of
Technical Assistance www.elotouch.com/products technical specifications this www.elotouch.com/go/websupport www.elotouch.com/go/contactsupport technical this user technical phone numbers. 2740L SW602096 A, of
Chapter To of shock, follow and the touchmonitor. They user-serviceable. that to the specified the Technical Specifications chapter. and The following touchmonitor functioning the AC cleaning. To the cloth lightly with It that or the If turn the off and service the with cloth or that scratch the To the touchscreen, or to clean cloth or apply the directly to the touchscreen. or thinner, or other cleaners. the and within and 2740L SW602096 A, of
Directive (WEEE) This should of with household It should facility that recovery and recycling. 2740L SW602096 A, of
Chapter Information I. Information: with to the and indicated the to than those specified operation, to the or fire the followed. There serviceable this There this which Service should only service technician. or the there about the to connecting the to II. and Information Notice to the United States: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and and with the instructions, interference to Notice to This with the Class from as established the Interference Regulations of Notice to the Union: the and interconnecting cabling with the of cords and cabling or CE or immunity as the following This Information (ITE) to CE the which that the tested to the following Directives and This tested to the the CE 2740L SW602096 A, of
as EMC Directive 2004/108/EC as indicated EN Class and the Directive 2006/95/EC as indicated EN Information to Users: This and If and to this the interference with and There however, that interference to factors. to and the the following: the I/O to this with To only the cord. The that or to the the the authority to the If this appears to interference with or reception, or other as turning the off and If that this causing the interference, to the interference using or of the following the from the affected receiver. Reposition (turn) the with to the affected receiver. the affected receivers the AC outlet the and the branch and I/O that the use.(Unterminated I/O of high RF the only grounded AC or the ground crease RF and shock to the If or or technician. 2740L SW602096 A, of
III. Agency The following and issued or this C-Tick CUL, IC CCC CE IV. to Chinese (Administration the of Caused Information Products), the section below the and amount of the toxic and/or that this or and Lead(Pb) Mercury(Hg) Chromium and Assembly LCD Touch PCBA Software (CD, O: Indicates that this toxic or of the homogeneous this below the SJ/T11363-2006. X: Indicates that this toxic or least of the this the SJ/T11363-2006. items with X, to EU RoHS. VCCI KCC, CoC BSMI United States FCC, UL Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBB) Polybrominated Ethers (PBDE) 2740L SW602096 A, of
Explanation of with the SJ/T11364-2006 the information products with the following The this years. The or operating below, that the of this information or to Humidity:20%-80% (non-condensing). Humidity:10%~90% (non-condensing). It and recommended that this and to The should thrown casually. V. Specifications 240VAC, 12VDC, 4.16A, LPS to UL VI. Specifications 12VDC, 4.16A Conditions: 0C 40C Humidity: to (non-condensing) to Conditions: -20C 60C Humidity: to (non-condensing) to 2740L SW602096 A, of
Warranty Information as otherwise stated or acknowledgment to warrants to that the Product free of and workmanship. The warranty the touchmonitors and their three years. warranty the of and from to the as Products or writing promptly (and than discovery) of the of Product to to the warranty forth reasonable such the associated with such and to the opportunity to inspect such Products as The the Warranty such otherwise directed writing the Within thirty such the Product its or functional and to and Within reasonable of the Product and that the Product to the warranty forth such by, options, or the Product or the Product. or and the of the Product with to bear the of or and the Product. incurred Product found to or of Products option, or If to or Product to to the warranty forth then option, to or to account the purchase of the Product straight-line stated Warranty These the breach of warranty. the warranty forth other warranties, or or otherwise, the products, their their quality, their merchantability, their or otherwise. of or other authorized to warranty the other than the warranty forth the warranty to of the purchase of the the of or of or indirect, or the and to and from relating to the of the Products and of or and the of of the Products with and and responsibility warranty and other relating to or from products, which include or incorporate Products or or and representations and the Products or authorized and from or (including reasonable attorneys fees) attributable to products or or warranties concerning 2740L SW602096 A, of
www.elotouch.com the Product Information Specifications Upcoming Press releases Software Touch with To about the of www.elotouch.com, or the office North America Touch CA Copyright Touch Inc. rights 800-ELO-TOUCH America www.elotouch.com.ar 2740L SW602096 A, of