USER MANUAL Touch 3200L Interactive Touchmonitor 4200L Interactive Touchmonitor 4600L Interactive Touchmonitor 5500L Interactive Touchmonitor Interactive SW601176
Copyright Touch Inc. Rights of this reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or means, including, to, or otherwise without written of Touch Inc. The information this to without Inc. and its (collectively or with to the and specifically of merchantability or the right to this publication and to from to the hereof without of to of such revisions or Acknowledgments AccuTouch, CarrollTouch, Touch TouchSystems, of and its Affiliates. of Microsoft Corporation. Interactive SW601176 of
Table of Introduction Chapter Unpacking Touchmonitor Chapter Chapter Mounting Chapter Chapter Technical Chapter Information Chapter Warranty Interactive SW601176 of
Introduction Product Interactive Touchmonitor Touch performance with the touchscreen and This of of information and the touchmonitor. This touchmonitor incorporates active thin-film-transistor, LCD to performance. Its HD of graphics and (the Other features that this LCD performance compatibility, built-in and headphone (OSD) and family of The to the of the without the factor or turning Interactive TouchMonitor Interactive All-In-One TouchComputer. Follow and as recommended this to the of and to user Chapter information touchmonitor health and strongly recommended that least people or these touchmonitors. the back This information that the and of the Interactive Touchmonitor and optional and touchmonitor and through this the Installation, and Interactive SW601176 of
Unpacking the Touchmonitor To the touchmonitor, follow these The should oriented the to its The should the and locks. Once the the top off the With the top to the touchmonitor and the included Interactive SW601176 of
health and strongly recommended that least people or these touchmonitors. the back that the following items and Touchmonitor CDs o TouchTools o o HDMI, VGA, USB, North America U.K. Screws to covers The the that the following items and (If Applicable) Recovery Interactive SW601176 of
Touchmonitor Connector Interfaces the cover the (when to the touchmonitors Interactive SW601176 of
Touchmonitor the HDMI and/or VGA the HDMI/VGA input and HDMI/VGA respectively. the VGA screws EMI performance and the USB the USB and the USB the the and Select the the AC and the touchmonitors POWER IN the cover, The touchmonitor OFF Press the to 3200L 4200L 4600L 5500L Interactive SW601176 of
the APR or Touchscreen Software software touchmonitor to with software touchmonitors. The the XP, and operating with touchmonitor CD. the Touch www.elotouch.com The Additional information Touch other operating the TouchTools CD CD-ROM The CD should the TouchTools Select This Interactive SW601176 of
both the USB Touchscreen and APR Touchscreen when prompted: Screenshot XP, and WEPOS installations: Screenshot installations: the the the Interactive SW601176 of
Chapter AC from the touchmonitor the the Computer while AC to the touchmonitor the Disconnect AC from the touchmonitor. the cover the of the touchmonitor (when to the Interactive SW601176 of
head screwdriver to the protective Clear the of that necessary. the the the Interactive SW601176 of
the protective and its screws to mechanically the Connector Interfaces Touchmonitor Once the the AC the touchmonitors POWER IN and the AC to the Press and the touchmonitors seconds to the Once the the touchmonitor, the touchmonitors VGA HDMI and USB of the touchmonitors and functionality through the Interactive SW601176 of
XP The of the operating Additional might touchcomputer and operating You to and/or the to these To the or XP OS the the touchcomputer and follow the instructions the Selecting the English as the and boxes. You this to preference. Interactive SW601176 of
Click The and appears. Select the If required, the and right-to-left and East Select the Select from the the and Interactive SW601176 of
Select location from the the Locations Click Apply, and then OK. Choosing the only) You prompted to the Choosing the only) You prompted to the Selecting the the following appears, the Computer and Next to finish. the OS Interactive SW601176 of
the Touchscreen Software with XP the Touch www.elotouch.com The Additional information Touch other operating the with APR and the Touchscreen Software with the Touch www.elotouch.com The Additional information Touch other operating APR and the with further required. Download and the from the Touch www.elotouch.com OS operating the The to this using or recovery USB DVD-ROM connected to the operating to the USB (the the Touchscreen Software with OS the Touch www.elotouch.com The of Additional information Touch other operating Download and the from the Touch www.elotouch.com to instructions Chapter Interactive SW601176 of
health and strongly recommended that least people or these touchmonitors. the back the face-down attaching mounting or the the from scratching and the or first the with or Mounting Information mounting with of and 3200L 4200L 4600L: Chapter Mounting Interactive SW601176 of
5500L: Rear VESA Mount the four-hole, mounting the of the The VESA mounting coded: VESA MIS-F, 400X200, Y, the and mounting the of the The VESA mounting coded: VESA MIS-F, 600X400, Y, to www.elotouch.com Interactive SW601176 of
Optional To the optional the face-down with the to the of the Mount the from the optional of the screws. 3200L 4200L 4600L 5500L Interactive SW601176 of
To the touchmonitor or off, the touchmonitor once. To the the touchmonitor once. To off the Computer and touchmonitor, and the touchmonitor seconds, or follow the operating off LED that functions to the following Touchmonitor/Computer LED The when SLEEP and OFF specifications, to technical the www.elotouch.com. Touching the the of SLEEP to the or To and reduce wasteful the AC when of APR Touchscreen touchmonitor functionality these APR touchmonitors. APR functionality, the input should to the APR touchmonitor factory-calibrated and OFF OFF SLEEP BLINKING ON ON Interactive SW601176 of
The APR performance to Access the APR Preference from the of the APR Select the type then Apply. APR performance of APR performance Point-of-Sale APR performance Interactive SW601176 of
Touchscreen The touchscreen to displayed through the function the Touchscreen connected to computers, the touchmonitor touches. connected to XP computers, the touchmonitor reports touches. this to HID this technology. LCD its and height measured of LCD when matches the LCD the specifications the www.elotouch.com to touchmonitors other performance. the the to its input this stretching the input the X- and to the input this compressing the input the X- and to the of the algorithms of when the the to the This of when feature-rich containing APR functionality, the input should to the touchmonitor VGA graphic touchmonitor through the OSD to the of the touchmonitors Also, to reduce the the correctly and displays of the industrys Interactive SW601176 of
On-Screen (OSD) OSD buttons the of the to The buttons optional OSD which the PS/2 the touchmonitor The and their functionality Function when OSD displayed: Function when OSD displayed: OSD to previous OSD Increase of selected OSD item Decrease of selected OSD item Select Select Source to the OSD on-screen graphical interface which displays top of input allowing of the following brightness. Brightness Allows of the clock. Clock Not when using HDMI or the too APR functionality. Allows of the clock phase. Phase Not when HDMI or the too APR functionality. Automatically the clock to the input VGA affecting the Clock, and Phase items. Not when using HDMI or the too APR functionality. the the centered. Not when HDMI or the too APR functionality. the vertically the centered. Not when using HDMI or the too APR functionality. Interactive SW601176 of
Aspect Ratio sharpness of the displayed Sharpness sharpness of OSD inactivity the touchmonitor OSD Timeout closing the OSD. The and seconds. seconds OSD the of the OSD to match the physical mounting Mounting OSD the OSD location and right the H-Position (centered) OSD the OSD location and the (centered) the of the internal and headphone the Muted and Not Muted. Not Muted and information. Nothing Information this Switches the Scaling and Aspect Scaling Scaling the X- and of the input or as to the Aspect Ratio and input with aspect ratio than the of the input or as to the and the to the input aspect ratio (and the of the with the and right). APR functionality, this Selects the The 9300K, 7500K, 6500K, 5500K, and If the option selected, the user the R, G, and from to with R, G, and to Selects which the OSD information The English, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, and English. Selecting factory OSD and OSD and Preset Interactive SW601176 of
Source Source ECM MDC touchmonitor through the OSD as as they This from to choices every the touchmonitor or off and If there the touchmonitor to the factory specifications. The continually active from VGA, HDMI, and the This selects which of those input should to displayed. If there the options VGA Priority, HDMI Priority HDMI Priority HDMI the and this Selects which heard the or headphone If there and the HDMI, the options and HDMI. If there and the VGA, the only option If (and therefore the input HDMI), the options HDMI, and HDMI. which IDS+ECM MDC functionality, this option selects whether the the or of the of the The options This option when the ECM Interactive SW601176 of
OSD and Press and the and buttons seconds to the OSD the OSD of the Down, or Select the Press and the and Down buttons seconds to the the the switch the from the touchmonitor touchmonitor HDMI, or HDMI played the touchmonitors the Source OSD headphones the headphone the internal off and played the headphones. and of the and headphone outputs the OSD. Interactive SW601176 of
If with touchmonitor, to the following If the please or Touch Customer Service. to Common The touchmonitor when turning the The when turning the the OSD to increase the brightness. the OSD to increase the displays or Touch functionality the to the chapters Technical www.elotouch.com/go/websupport www.elotouch.com/go/contactsupport technical this technical numbers. Technical the with OS the the Information section of the The by: Right-clicking the and selecting from the or Click the to the and selecting the Technical Troubleshooting that the AC properly connected. the AC functioning. the AC and that the properly the AC If the LED the or SLEEP Press the the touchscreen to the reappears. resolution/timing to within the allowable specified touchmonitor the www.elotouch.com Interactive SW601176 of
To of shock, follow and the touchmonitor or They user-serviceable. The located the and top of the touchmonitor or anything the The touchmonitor with 3-wire, grounding cord. The only fits grounded or the that this cord. the that with Touch touchmonitor. of unauthorized might warranty. that to the the specifications the Touch www.elotouch.com and 0C to 35C Storage/Transportation -20C to 60C Humidity (non-condensing) to Storage/Transportation to to Storage/Transportation to RISK OF EXPLOSION IF BATTERY IS REPLACED BY AN INCORRECT TYPE. DISPOSE OF USED BATTERIES ACCORDING TO THE INSTRUCTIONS. Chapter Interactive SW601176 of
and The following touchmonitor functioning the AC cleaning. To the cloth lightly with It that or the If service the with cloth or that scratch the To the touchscreen, or to cloth or apply the cleaner directly to the touchscreen. or thinner, or other cleaners. Mercury Warning The 3200L, 4200L, and 4600L products that mercury, which or of with or Directive (WEEE) This should of with household It should facility that recovery and recycling. Recovery and XP If reason the operating and software to recovered, please Touch from the information found the recovery process. The user bears and software and archiving. Touch Interactive SW601176 of
or software. The user comply with the Microsoft Licensing Instructions to reassign the USB Recovery right the Computer Click Hardware right the Computer Click Interactive SW601176 of
the (COM LPT) and of these USB IDENTICAL as the following Location If as below, shows the operating reassigned these You to manually. USB (COM3) On USB USB (COM4) On USB Converter Interactive SW601176 of
the operating reassigns these they this should as the following to the these USB should COM3 and COM4 To please follow the instructions below: the to change. this COM5 USB (COM5) USB (COM3) USB (COM6) USB (COM4) Interactive SW601176 of
Click Advanced COM5 the of these USB the Location: should USB Converter Please this to COM3 COM4 the USB Converter to COM3 Location Information Interactive SW601176 of
this COM3 from the OK OK back to the Follow the to accomplish these other finished, right (COM LPT) and Scan Interactive SW601176 of
The should to the following COM3 location: USB Converter COM4 location: USB Converter Interactive SW601176 of
Chapter Information I. Information: with to the and indicated the to than those specified operation, to the or fire the There serviceable this There this which Service should service technician. or the there about the to the to II. and Immunity Information Notice to the United States: This tested and found to with the Class to of FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and and with the instructions, interference to Notice to This with the Class from as established the Interference Regulations of Notice to the Union: only the cords and interconnecting cabling with the of cords and cabling or CE or immunity as the following This Information (ITE) to CE the which that the tested to the following Directives and This tested to the the CE as EMC Directive 89/336/EEC indicated EN Class and the Directive 73/23/EEC as indicated EN Information to Users: This and If and to this the interference with and There however, that interference to factors. to and immunity the the following: the I/O to this with b)To only the cord. user that or to the the the authority to the 2)If this appears to interference with or reception, or other as turning the off and If that this causing the interference, try to the interference using or of the following measures: the from the affected receiver. Reposition (turn) the with to the affected receiver. Interactive SW601176 of
the affected receivers the AC outlet the and the branch and I/O that the use.(Unterminated I/O of high RF the only grounded AC (Removing or the ground crease RF and shock to the If or or technician. III. Agency The following and issued or this C-Tick CUL IC CCC CE VCCI NOM CIS GOST United States FCC United States UL Interactive SW601176 of
Chapter Warranty Information as otherwise stated or acknowledgment to warrants to that the Product free of and workmanship. The warranty the touchmonitors, and their (three) years. warranty the of and from to the as Products or writing promptly (and than thirty discovery) of the of Product to to the warranty forth reasonable such the associated with such and to the opportunity to inspect such Products as The the Warranty such otherwise directed writing the Within thirty such the Product its or functional and to and Within reasonable of the Product and that the Product to the warranty forth such by, options, or the Product or the Product. or and the of the Product with to bear the of or and the Product. incurred Product found to or of Products option, or If to or Product to to the warranty forth then option, to or to account the purchase of the Product straight-line stated Warranty These the breach of warranty. the warranty forth other warranties, or or otherwise, the products, their their their merchantability, their or otherwise. of or other authorized to warranty the other than the warranty forth the warranty to of the purchase of the the of or of or indirect, or the and to and from relating to assessing the of the Products and of or and the of of the Products with and and responsibility warranty and other relating to or from products, which include or incorporate Products or or and representations and the Products or authorized and from or (including reasonable attorneys attributable to products or or concerning Interactive SW601176 of
www.elotouch.com the Product Information Specifications News Press releases Software TouchMonitor Touch with To about of www.elotouch.com, or the office North America Touch CA 800-ELO-TOUCH Copyright Touch Inc. rights America www.elotouch.com.ar Interactive SW601176 of