2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of TouchSystems 2243L, 2244L Touchmonitor
Copyright Tyco Corporation, TE Connectivity Company. Rights of this publication reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or including, to, or otherwise without written of The information this to without Corporation and its Affiliates the TE business the TE Connectivity family of (collectively "TE") or warranties with to the and specifically of merchantability or TE the right to this and to from to the hereof without of TE to of such revisions or Acknowledgments TouchSystems, TE Connectivity, TE connectivity and TE of the TE Connectivity family of of the Microsoft of Other or of their respective Tyco other than its own. 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
of Chapter Introduction Chapter Chapter Mounting Chapter Chapter Technical Chapter Chapter Information Warranty Information 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
Chapter Introduction Product touchmonitor TouchSystems performance with the and This of of information and the touchmonitor. This touchmonitor incorporates active thin-film-transistor LCD to high performance. Its HD of graphics and Its LED reduces and mercury to CCFL-backlit Other that this LCD performance and (OSD) Precautions Follow and as recommended this user to the of and to the chapter information. This information that the and of the and touchmonitor, through this the Installation, and 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
Unpacking the Touchmonitor the and the following items Touchmonitor with protective its TouchTools CD CD information DVI VGA USB Mounting Connector Interfaces Touchmonitor the DVI or VGA the DVI/VGA input and DVI/VGA Tighten the screws performance. the USB the USB USB 12VDC supply to the input The touchmonitor ON should already. 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of Chapter
the Touch Software software touchmonitor to with The the XP, and and operating with touchmonitor CD. the TouchSystems www.elotouch.com The Additional information Touch other operating the TouchTools CD CD-ROM The CD should the TouchTools Select This 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
XP, and WEPOS installations, the USB Touchscreen when prompted: installations, the USB Interfaces Other Touchscreens the the the 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
Mounting Information The OSD rotated through the OSD to mounting Bracket Mount Threaded the of the mounting using the 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of Chapter Mounting
To turn the touchmonitor or off, the touchmonitor once. The LED the OSD functions to the following TouchMonitor/Computer LED The when SLEEP and OFF specifications, to technical the Touching the the attached PC of SLEEP to the or To and reduce wasteful the AC from the when of APR Touch APR functionality, the input should to the APR Touchmonitor factory-calibrated and 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of OFF OFF SLEEP PULSING ON ON
The APR performance to the APR Preference from the of the APR Select the type then Apply. APR performance of APR performance Point-of-Sale APR performance 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
its and height measured of Generally, performance, this when matches this of the the to its This stretching or the input as the X- and to the byproduct of the algorithms of when the the to the This of when feature-rich containing small-font touchmonitor VGA graphic user through the OSD to the of the touchmonitors These the touchmonitor. Also, to reduce the the correctly and displays of the industrys to the technical specifications this of these Preset On-Screen (OSD) OSD buttons located wired These to The and their functionality Function when OSD displayed: Function when OSD displayed: OSD to previous OSD Increase of selected OSD Brightness previous item Decrease of selected OSD item Select Select Source to the OSD buttons on-screen graphical user interface which displays top of input allowing of the following brightness. Brightness performance Allows of the clock. Clock VGA input Allows of the clock phase. Phase VGA input Automatically the clock to the input VGA affecting the Clock, and Phase items. VGA input 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
the the centered. VGA input the the centered. VGA input Switches the Scaling and Aspect Ratio. Scaling Scaling the X- and of the input or as to the To Aspect Ratio and input with aspect ratio than the of the input or as to the and the to the input aspect ratio (and the of the with the and right). APR touchscreen functionality only Other touchscreen when switching Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratio sharpness of the displayed Sharpness sharpness input Selects the The 9300K, 7500K, 6500K, 5500K, and If the option selected, the the R, G, and from to with R, G, and to OSD the location of the OSD the H-Position centered. OSD the location of the OSD the centered. of OSD inactivity the touchmonitor closing the OSD Timeout OSD. The and seconds. seconds Selects which the OSD information The English, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, and English. OSD Selects which the OSD text The options OSD Rotation and Selects the touchmonitor mounting and to match Mounting physical This the of the OSD text Selecting factory OSD and Preset The continually active the VGA and DVI This selects which of those input should to displayed. The options VGA Priority, DVI Priority DVI Priority with VGA input. Source 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
touchmonitor through the OSD as as they This from to choices every the touchmonitor or off and If there the touchmonitor to the factory specifications. OSD and Press and the and buttons seconds to the OSD the OSD of the Down, or Select the Press and the and Down buttons seconds to the the the switch the 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
If with touchmonitor, to the following If the please or Customer Service. to Common The touchmonitor when that the correctly attached. turning the the functioning. the OSD to increase the brightness. the OSD to increase the displays PC the Touch functionality the with the Technical Assistance www.elotouch.com/products technical this www.elotouch.com/go/websupport www.elotouch.com/go/contactsupport technical this technical phone numbers. 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of Chapter Technical Troubleshooting If the LED the or SLEEP Press the the Touchscreen to the reappears. resolution/timing to within the allowable specified touchmonitor specifications)
Chapter To of shock, follow and the touchmonitor. They user-serviceable. The located the and top of the touchmonitor or the that to the specified the Technical Specifications chapter. and The following touchmonitor functioning the AC cleaning. To clean the cloth lightly with It that or the If service technician the with cloth or that scratch the To clean the touchscreen, or to cloth or apply the directly to the or thinner, or other cleaners. Directive (WEEE) This should of with household It should facility that recovery and recycling. 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
Chapter Information I. Information: with to the and indicated the to than those specified operation, to the or fire the followed. There serviceable this There this which Service should service technician. or the there about the to the to II. and Immunity Information Notice to the United States: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and and with the instructions, interference to Notice to This with the Class from as established the Interference Regulations of Notice to the Union: only the cords and interconnecting cabling with the of cords and cabling or CE or immunity as the following This Information (ITE) to CE the which that the tested to the following Directives and This tested to the the CE as EMC Directive 89/336/EEC as indicated EN Class and the Directive 73/23/EEC as indicated EN Information to Users: This and If and to this the interference with and There however, that interference to factors. to and immunity the user the following: the I/O to this with To only the cord. The that or to the the the authority to the If this appears to interference with or reception, or other as turning the off and If that this causing the interference, to the interference or of the following the from the affected receiver. Reposition (turn) the with to the affected receiver. 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
the affected receivers the AC outlet the and the branch Disconnect and I/O that the use.(Unterminated I/O of high RF the only grounded outlet AC (Removing or the ground crease RF and shock to the If or or technician. III. Agency The following and issued or this C-Tick CUL, IC CCC CE VCCI KCC NOM CoC BSMI United States FCC, UL IV. to Chinese (Administration the of Caused Information Products), the section below the and amount of the toxic and/or that this or and Lead(Pb) Mercury(Hg) Chromium and Assembly LCD Touch Screen PCBA Software (CD, O: Indicates that this toxic or contained of the this below the SJ/T11363-2006. X: Indicates that this toxic or least of the homogeneous this the SJ/T11363-2006. items with X, to EU RoHS. 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBB) Polybrominated Ethers (PBDE)
Explanation of with the SJ/T11364-2006 the information products with the following The this years. The or operating below, that the of this information injury, or to Humidity:20%-80% (non-condensing). Humidity:10%~90% (non-condensing). It and recommended that this and to The should thrown casually. V. Specifications 100-240VAC, 12VDC, 3A, LPS to UL VI. Specifications 12VDC, 3A Conditions: 0C 40C Humidity: to (non-condensing) to -20C 50C Humidity: to (non-condensing) to 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
Chapter Warranty Information as otherwise stated or acknowledgment to warrants to that the Product of and workmanship. The warranty the TouchMonitors, and their (three) years. warranty the of and from to the as Products or writing promptly (and than thirty discovery) of the of Product to to the warranty forth reasonable such the associated with such and to the opportunity to inspect such Products as The received the Warranty such otherwise directed writing the Within thirty such the Product its or functional and to and Within reasonable of the Product and that the Product to the warranty forth such by, or the Product or the Product. or and the of the Product with to bear the of or and the Product. incurred Product found to defective. or of Products option, or If to or Product to to the warranty forth then option, to or credit to account the purchase of the Product straight-line stated Warranty These the breach of warranty. the warranty forth other warranties, or or otherwise, the products, their their quality, their merchantability, their or otherwise. of or other authorized to warranty the other than the warranty forth the warranty to of the purchase of the the of or of or indirect, or the and to and from relating to the of the Products and of or and the of of the Products with and and responsibility warranty and other relating to or from products, which include or incorporate Products or or and and the Products or authorized and from or (including reasonable attorneys to products or or concerning 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of
the www.elotouch.com the Product Information Specifications News Press releases Software TouchMonitor Touch with TE To about the of www.elotouch.com, or the office North America TE CA USA 800-ELO-TOUCH Corporation, TE Connectivity Company. rights 2243L, 2244L SW601560 C of B-3010 2F America TE FL USA