Touchmonitor and CRT Touchmonitors Revision C DOC# SW500068 TouchSystems, Inc. 1-800-ELOTOUCH www.elotouch.com
Copyright Inc. Rights of this reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or including, ited to, or otherwise without written of The information this to without or with to the hereof, and specifically warranties of merchantability or the right to this publication and to from to the hereof without obligation of to of such revisions or Acknowledgments SecureTouch, AccuTouch, and MonitorMouse of TouchSystems, Inc. Other or of their respective other than its own. Touchmonitor CRT
Touchmonitor CRT
Chapter Introduction About This CRT Touchmonitor Contacting Chapter Installation...........................................................................3 Started the the Connecting Connecting Chapter Operation.............................................................................11 About Touchmonitor On-Screen Touchmonitor and and Geometry Geometry.............................................................................18 Color....................................................................................19 Factory Chapter Troubleshooting..................................................................23 Touchmonitor CRT
to Common Warning A. Touchscreens: Touchscreens........................................................................25 AccuTouch Touchscreens.........................................................................26 B. Touchmonitor Safety.......................................................27 and of Touchmonitor...............................................28 Cleaning Touchmonitor...................................................................29 Information C. Technical Specifications..................................................33 Touchmonitor Specifications...................................................................34 Touchmonitor Specifications AccuTouch Touchmonitor Specifications PINOUT and CRT Touchmonitor CRT Touchmonitor Warranty Touchmonitor CRT
Introduction Congratulations purchase of touchmonitor. high-resolution touchmonitor the performance of with the CRT This of of information and the touchmonitor. About This This includes assembly instructions, instructions, and technical specifications 15-inch and 17-inch CRT touchmonitors. CRT Touchmonitor 13.8-inch microprocessor-based 15-inch and 16-inch based 17-inch and functionality the to its performance. the of inactivity. each of the the microprocessor-based built existing VGA and with the (DPMS) of the Association (VESA). Touchmonitor CRT About This
Chapter Introduction of Pincushion, and Factory Patented from TouchSystems. of these options: RS-232 interface. Universal (USB) interface. Contacting TouchSystems, Inc. CA USA KG D-85521 B-3010 www.elotouch.com Touchmonitor CRT
Unpacking that the following items and Touchmonitor RS-232 touchscreen or USB AC Quickstart TouchTools CD-ROM Touchmonitor CRT Unpacking
Chapter Touchmonitor CRT
Removing the With screwdriver, the then the the of the arrow the Connecting Tethered VGA AC (RS-232) USB USB IMPORTANT: the to touchmonitor and PC, that the and touchmonitor turned off. the VGA to the PC. the to PC turning the screws the Touchmonitor CRT Connecting
Chapter the to the AC touchmon- itor. To of from the the touchmonitors protector, and then the to grounded (three-pronged) AC the touchscreen RS-232 or USB. to the the back of PC. the other of the to the touchscreen touchmonitor. The touchscreen tors should the touchmonitor and PC. PC then the should appear. If necessary, the front to Chapter the TouchTools CD-ROM CD- ROM to the touchscreen Touchmonitor CRT
Connecting AC (RS-232 Tethered VGA Connector optional USB IMPORTANT: connecting the to touchmonitor and PC, that the and touchmonitor turned off. the VGA to the PC. the to PC turning the screws the the to the AC touchmon- itor. To of from the the touchmonitors protector, and then the to grounded (three-pronged) AC the touchscreen RS-232 or USB. to the the back of PC. the other of the to the touchscreen touchmonitor. The touchscreen tors should the touchmonitor and PC. The USB location USB If this option, the the Touchmonitor CRT Connecting USB
Chapter PC then the should appear. If necessary, the front to Chapter the TouchTools CD-ROM CD- ROM to the software. The touchmonitor with power-saving that its This with both the and NUTEK/TCOs It conforms to the (DPMS) the Association (VESA). (W) Normal Active Active Active Inactive Inactive Inactive (W) Normal Active Active Active Inactive Inactive Inactive Touchmonitor CRT Inactive Active Inactive Active
Preset Touchmonitor CRT
Chapter Touchmonitor CRT
Chapter About Touchmonitor touchmonitor should The factory with PC touchmonitor further the to following the this chapter. to the to choices touchmonitor or off and If there touchmonitor to the factory specifications. IMPORTANT: the CRT touchmonitor cover. The touchmonitor high and the the cover the touchmonitor the warranty. Touchmonitor CRT About Touchmonitor
Chapter Decrease Scrolls or the of Function touchmonitor on-screen Increase Scrolls or increases the of the brightness relation to the back- ground. the and background bright- Brightness the touchmonitor ON/OFF. The light ON; light OFF. Touchmonitor CRT
Decrease Scrolls or the of Function touchmonitor on-screen Increase Scrolls or increases the of the relation to the back- ground. the and background bright- Brightness Turns the touchmonitor ON/OFF. The light ON; light OFF. Touchmonitor CRT
Chapter On-Screen and Geometry Factory on-screen option 17-inch only. Touchmonitor CRT and Pincushion Geometry 9300K 6500K English French Spanish
Touchmonitor Press the Function the front to the Press the or to or the then the Function to the secondary *Both and 17-inch when the 17-inch the option. Touchmonitor CRT Touchmonitor (Down) and Factory Highlight touchmonitor
Chapter and the or to or Press the Function to the and without and to and to and Position Decrease Increase the or to Press the Function to the and to the and If the and option highlighted when to the and Press the Function to the If the option highlighted. Touchmonitor CRT and (Down) and
Functions Geometry the or to or Press the Function to the Geometry -(D o (U C Touchmonitor CRT Increases or the the or right. Increases or the vertically. the or o (R o tio Geometry
Chapter Geometry Increase Decrease the or to Press the Function to the and to the Geometry If the and option highlighted when to the Geom- Press the Function to the If the option highlighted. the or to or Press the Function to the o C o C o C Touchmonitor CRT Pincushion C o
Functions 9300K Preset Preset 6500K the Red, and the Red, and the or to or Press the Function to of the Highlight the or first appears, the highlighted. the or to or Press the Function to choose the R,G, or With the R,G, or highlighted, the or to the If to 9300K. Press the Function to the Touchmonitor CRT C o o to C
Chapter Once completed highlight the and option to and to the or to or without The function the CRT to purity. selecting this function, CRT touchmonitor each Press the Function and choose from the Both and 17-inch when the 17-inch the option Press the Function to choose English, or Spanish. other displayed that the or to or Press the Function to the o C Touchmonitor CRT
the or to or Press the Function to the -(Down) This activates or the (DPMS). the or to ON/OFF. Press the Function to to the This activates or of Preset or Touchmonitor CRT OFF ON
the or to ON/OFF. Press the Function to to the Factory Factory to the on-screen to the factory The the or to or Press the Function to or and to the to the touchmonitor on-screen Touchmonitor CRT ON OFF Confirm
Chapter Troubleshooting to Common (s) touchmonitor that the and that the PC and touchmonitor and appears to there the touchmonitor and the centered. about touchmonitor and the appears washed and or severely that distorted. the and refresh Touch to the touchscreen securely attached both Touchmonitor CRT to Common the supply trying or or another the the properly connected and that the that and properly the
Chapter Troubleshooting Warning Warning Touchmonitor CRT
Touch Touchscreens: Typically, users with board, or of the who or become frustrated with interactions literacy learned. This the fact that or Touchscreens the learning keyboard/mouse and allowing of information to and to information or function with touchscreen and the that once interactions or with customer. creating flow of information that or service. Touchscreens user/computer interac- tions. People what they and with the process. Touchscreens wave to Touchmonitor CRT Touchscreens:
through increasing or Touchs increases the of touchscreen interaction allowing increased selectivity. touchscreen choice point-of-information or such as the following: Point-of-information and Interactive education AccuTouch Touchscreens five-wire AccuTouch and Touch AccuTouch with hand, or credit and fast, responseevery The of AccuTouch touchscreen scratch-resistant and withstand and other of wear and tear that often heavy-usage AccuTouch touchscreen clerk-or employee-activated such Point-of-sale terminals Transportation Touchmonitor CRT
Touchmonitor This information that the and of touchmonitor. and touchmonitor, through this Chapter and Chapter Operation. To reduce the of follow and the touchmonitor touchmonitor with three-wire, ground- cord. The only three- ground to the outlet that this cord. the that with touchmonitor. of unautho- warranty. The located the and top of the touchmonitor or to the It that touchmonitor or touchmonitor. If touchmonitor becomes to yourself. Touchmonitor CRT
Touchmonitor and of Touchmonitor The following touchmonitor tioning the Protect touchmonitor from or high touchmonitor with cloth or touchmonitor If touchmonitor the Protect touchmonitor from or touchmonitor from and touchmonitor from Touchmonitor CRT
Cleaning Touchmonitor touchmonitor (and PC), off the and the tor from the AC cleaning, the touchmonitor completely the and apply or cleaners directly to the screen or type of cleaner, scouring or (such as or to touchmonitor. touchmonitor. If service technician and the touchscreen with clean, cloth. cloth with ammonia-based and to and Clean the touchmonitor with cloth slightly with the cloth with clear wring and the to Touchmonitor CRT Cleaning Touchmonitor
Touchmonitor Touchmonitor CRT
Information Information A) with to the and cated the to than those specified or to the or fire the exceeded. B) There serviceable this This that Service should service technician. C) This with that ground and three-prong to grounded the with other than the type. to to as this the continuity of the grounding wire. This the of the ground as of its or shock that serious or death. If there about the to connecting the to or the and Immunity Information A) Notice to the United States: This tested and found to with of FCC with internal Class without internal Class These to reasonable protection interference tion. This and and and with the instructions, interference to cations. B) Notice to This tested and found to comply with as established the Interference Regulations of with internal Class without Class C) Notice to the Union: This tested and found to comply with the of CE Information as by: Directive 73/23/ECC and EN EMC Directive 89/336/ECC, and EN with internal Class and without Class D) Information to Users: This and If and to this the interference with and There however, that interference to factors. to and immunity the user the the I/O to this with Touchmonitor CRT
To the manufacturer-approved cord. The user that or to the the the authority to the If this appears to interference with or reception, or other as turning the off and If that this causing the interference, to the interference using or of the following the from the affected receiver. Reposition (turn) the with to the affected receiver. the affected receivers the AC the and the branch and I/O that the (Unterminated I/O of high RF the grounded outlet AC or the ground increase RF and shock to the If or or Touchmonitor CRT MPR II
C Technical Specifications to Touchmonitor CRT
C Technical Specifications Touchmonitor Specifications (FST) with tinted CRT, pitch, advanced anti-reflection, and Deflection Factory Active Connector type type Colors* input; input; Source with NUTEK/TCO VESA DPMS and with VESA DDC with VESA DDC and 2B and 2B CRT CRT CRT hours to brightness. to brightness. used. Touchmonitor CRT (FST) with tinted CRT, pitch, anti-reflection, and Factory Active with VESA DPMS
USB (optional) Not 17-inch Locally with of four downstream and V, each (Decrease), Function, (Increase), Contrast, Brightness, and POWER On-Screen H-Position, V- Pincushion, and Factory Regulations UL, TV, DHHS, UL, TV, DHHS, TVGS TVGS EMI FCC Class B, CE (FCC Class without MPR II ISO with ISO with clear ISO (W) (H) (W) (H) (D); (D); (without touchscreen) 10C 40C -20C 65C Humidity Touchmonitor CRT Touchmonitor Specifications (Decrease), Function, (Increase), Brightness, and POWER H-Position, V- Pincushion, and Factory FCC Class B, CE (FCC Class without MPR II ISO with ISO with clear ISO 10C 40C -20C 65C
C Technical Specifications Touchmonitor Specifications Mechanical of than to than than touchpoints/in Activation Force Typically than ounces that of rating of Expected wear-out as there layers, coatings, Performance or operationally tested to than touches location without to Unit sealed to splashed and Product Light ASTM D1003) USAF Chart, 30X with located approximately from of chart. Clear with noticeable ASTM D2457 using Clear N/A Curved: or Touchmonitor CRT
Chemical The active of the touchscreen to chemicals that such Ammonia-based cleaners Protection EN Touchmonitor CRT Touchmonitor Specifications
C Technical Specifications AccuTouch Touchmonitor Specifications Mechanical Construction with hard-surface coating with clear or finish. coating. with resistive coating. Top and of than This to than More than touchpoints/in Touch Activation Force Typically than ounces (ASTM D1044), CS-10F wheel, 3H. Expected AccuTouch operationally tested to Performance than touches location without to Light Typically light ASTM D1003) USAF Chart, with located from of chart. Clear N/A ASTM Clear than D1003) than ASTM Clear N/A D2457) tested hard-coated front Touchmonitor CRT
C: o o Touchmonitor CRT Touchmonitor Specifications
C Technical Specifications PINOUT and PIN *VGA (GND) Ground SDA SCL Clock) grounded when Touchmonitor CRT
CRT Touchmonitor Touchmonitor CRT Touchmonitor Specifications
C Specifications CRT Touchmonitor Touchmonitor CRT
Warranty as otherwise stated or acknowledgment to warrants to that the Product of and workmanship. touchmonitors. warranty the of and from to the as Products or writing promptly (and than thirty discovery) of the of Product to to the forth reasonable such the associated with such and to the to inspect such Products as The the Warranty such otherwise directed writing the Within thirty such the Product its carton(s) or functional and to and Within reasonable of the Product and that the Product to the warranty forth such by, or the Product or the Product. or and the of the Product with to bear the of or and the Product. tion incurred Product found to or of Products option, or If to or Product to to the warranty forth then option, to or credit to account the purchase of the Product straight-line stated Warranty THESE REMEDIES SHALL BE THE BUYERS EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WAR- RANTY SET FORTH ABOVE, SELLER GRANTS NO OTHER WARRAN- TIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, REGARDING THE PRODUCTS, THEIR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE, THEIR QUALITY, THEIR MERCHANTABILITY, THEIR NONINFRINGE- Touchmonitor CRT
MENT, OR OTHERWISE. NO EMPLOYEE OF SELLER OR ANY OTHER PARTY IS AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY WARRANTY FOR THE GOODS OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY SET FORTH HEREIN. SELLERS LIA- BILITY UNDER THE WARRANTY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. IN NO EVENT SHALL SELLER BE LIABLE FOR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OR INSTAL- LATION OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS BY BUYER OR FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES. the and to and from relating to the of the Products and of or and the of of the Products with and and responsibility warranty and other relating to or from products, which include or incorporate Products or or and and warranties the Products or authorized and from or (including reasonable attorneys attributable to products or or concerning TouchSystems or www.elotouch.com should the of the their Touchmonitor CRT
NDEX CRT Touchmonitor CRT Touchmonitor About This AccuTouch Touchmonitor Specifications AccuTouch Touchscreens Geometry and C and of Touchmonitor Cleaning Touchmonitor Connecting Connecting Contacting CRT Touchmonitor Information and Immunity Information Factory Geometry Started the Touchmonitor Specifications Touchmonitor CRT Touchscreens Introduction Specifications Warning On-Screen Information the PINOUT and and to Common Technical Specifications Touch Touchmonitor Touchmonitor and Touchmonitor Touchmonitor Specifications Touchscreens Troubleshooting Warranty Index