/SecureTouch Touchscreen Revision P/N 008212M TouchSystems, Inc. 1-800-ELOTOUCH www.elotouch.com
Copyright Inc. Rights of this reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or including, to, or otherwise without written of TouchSystems. The information this to without or warranties with to the hereof, and specifically warranties of merchantability or the right to this and to from to the hereof with- obligation of to of such revisions or SecureTouch, AccuTouch, MonitorMouse, ELODEV, and of TouchSystems, Inc. Other or of their other than its own. Acknowledgments
C HAPTER NTELLI OUCH 10-Y EAR ARRANTY as otherwise stated or acknowledgment to warrants to that the Product of and workmanship. The warranty touchscreens years and years. warranty the of and from to the as Products or writing promptly (and than thirty discovery) of the of Product to to the warranty forth reasonable such the associated with such and to the opportunity to inspect such Products as installed, The the Warranty such otherwise directed writing the thirty such the Product its or functional and to and Within reasonable of the Product and that the Product to the warranty forth such by, options, or the Product or the Product. or and the of the Product with to bear the of or and the Product. incurred Product found to or of Products option, or If to or Product to to the warranty forth then option, to or credit to account the purchase of the Product straight-line stated Warranty
THESE REMEDIES SHALL BE THE BUYERS EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTY SET FORTH ABOVE, SELLER GRANTS NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, REGARDING THE PRODUCTS, THEIR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE, THEIR QUALITY, THEIR MERCHANTABILITY, THEIR NONINFRINGEMENT, OR OTHERWISE. NO EMPLOYEE OF SELLER OR ANY OTHER PARTY IS AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY WARRANTY FOR THE GOODS OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY SET FORTH HEREIN. SELLERS LIABILITY UNDER THE WARRANTY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. IN NO EVENT SHALL SELLER BE LIABLE FOR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OR INSTALLATION OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS BY BUYER OR FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES. the and to and from relating to the of the Products and of or and the of of the Products with regulations, and and responsibility warranty and other relating to or from products, which include or incorporate Products or or and and warranties the Products or authorized and from or (including reasonable attorneys attributable to products or or concerning
Warranty. Chapter Introduction The Touchscreen The Software Agency Chapter Installation. Information. Work Protective Clothing Started Considerations and CRT Information Definition of of Incoming Inspection Unpacking the Touchscreen Testing the the the the CRT the Chassis. the CRT Touchscreen the Touchscreen Spacing the CRT from the the (2500S) USB (2500U) Routing the Touchscreen Reassembling the the Selection LCD Table of Information Summary of Steps. Unpacking the Touchscreen Testing the the LCD Definition of Terms and USB Optional Optional USB Notes the Removing the Rear the LCD Touchscreen Mounting the Touchscreen. Spacing the LCD from the the (2500S) USB (2500U). of of (DC to DC the the USB Re-assembling the Troubleshooting .A-49 The Troubleshooting A-49 A-50 Software Troubleshooting A-50 A-51 Troubleshooting A-51 A-52 the COMDUMP Utility. A-52 2500S A-53 A-4002 A-53 RS-232 A-54 A-55 Touchscreen and Touchscreen A-56 IC1 A-57 EC2 A-57
.A-58 .A-58 .A-59 (2500S) .A-59 DB9 and DB25 Connector .A-60 Specifications .B-61 Touchscreens .B-62 2500U USB .B-64 LED Characteristics .B-68 Agency .B-68 2500U USB .B-69 2500S .B-71 .B-75 LED Characteristics .B-75 Agency .B-76 .B-77 C
Touchscreen Typical Touchscreen of to the touchscreen. Touchscreen Cabling USB (2500U) and and Mounting to the touchscreen 2500S 2500U USB DC to DC the A-54 and Assembly A-56 the IC1 A-57 DB9 and DB25 Connector A-60 P2, USB board-mounted header and mounted B-66 touchscreen P3, as from B-66 board-mounted header and mounted-plug. B-66 2500U USB top B-69 2500U USB locations B-69 2500U USB B-70 2500U USB B-70 P2, as from B-72 touchscreen P3, as from B-74 P4, as from B-74 2500S top B-77 2500S B-77 2500S B-78 2500S B-78 of
A-54 IC1 and header A-57 The (2500S) relating to each A-59 USB and B-66 touchscreen and B-67 P4 and B-67 Connector, P2, and functions B-73 characteristics B-73 Touchscreen P3, and B-74 P4, and B-75 Locations and function B-75 of
Introduction The three clear to match the of sophisticated and software The touchscreen based waves mechanical waves that the of such as The touchscreen or of sphere or This the of the there layers or coatings the as with other technologies, the touchscreen and allows clear, touchscreen features clarity with high light fast and with the highest of touchscreen to scratches and Activated or Inherently and splash spherical, and displays Choice of treatment (clear, or Custom OEM touchscreen warranty C HAPTER NTELLI OUCH ECHNOLOGY C
The Touchscreen o o The touchscreen consists of to the of of the touchscreen and and of the of touchscreen. Touchscreen the mounted the corners of the of reflects these waves the active of the and to the which reconverts the waves or other touches the touchscreen of the The the analyzed the and and the amount of the location. The X, Y, and and the them to the
The The the the touchscreen, the coordinates, and these to the The touches received to reference waveform when the touchscreen The scratches and other the and learns around them. It incorporates those the reference waveform to the If the the relearns the reference of the of the realignment the of the of the the and typically with the of The advanced internal as as touchscreen The through software as as LED. USB and
Software Agency the to to grounding and shielding, and to apply beads. o o software software interface touchscreens and The software the from the touchscreen translated coordinates, the with the included with the software. The other operations as directed the the DOS, CE, NT, OS/2, and operating Additional Additional operating through to the www.elotouch.com, If supply the touchscreen related information to write type of including UNIX workstations, and the 2500S the Touchscreen Technical Reference which the information this process. included and www.elotouch.com. touchscreens and CNR/USR UL USA and NWGQ2, Information Including touchscreens and TUV as touchscreens and tested with FCC Class
Information WARNING The touchscreen outlined this chapter to and of the CRT. This and lethal. Therefore, the should this chapter attempting touchscreen installation. This chapter the procedures touchscreen that touchmonitor. mounting the touchscreen, and Follow the with the off and the and wear protective clothing. or from the users purchasing from previous with touchscreens and displays. offers touchscreen services of displays or third-party Work proceeding with the recommended the CRT of the installation. C HAPTER C OMPONENT NSTALLATION C
Started Considerations and o o Protective Clothing Wear and heavy protective clothing of this that or the CRT. There of CRT displays and LCD displays. touchscreens displays, however each If, reading these instructions, further please Application information. These instructions purchased Touchscreen and Touchscreen Only of and what the proceeding with the please the section Considerations and to touchmonitor performance. LCD or CRT touchmonitor should the following the chapter.): the touchscreen active and with the CRT displays, to the of (ROC) of the matches the of of the that the the the located the of the touchscreen. the the of the touchscreen. there location to mount the should the and the touchscreen. that the and its mounting withstand the force from the the CRT back there the touchscreen.
To touchscreen there should the back of the touchscreen and the front of the to allow the when assembling. the touchscreen and the of LCD to to the CRT's, EL, and LCD displays of heat. The the sealed. heat that the touchscreen specification. The following graphic displays ideas to mount the to the touchscreen. Transducer With thin to the the to clearance. thickness With thick Another the to
CRT o o appearance Round corners appearance and easy cleaning On and choose and/or It to and the these and although the of the reduced slightly. to the the CRT screws. and that this Generally, clearance the of the touchscreen and or of least 0.25-inch both necessary. This the interference and allows touchscreen mounting Information proceeding with the installation, recommended the CRT of the installation. Wear and heavy protective clothing of this that or near the CRT. This the basic to the of CRT integrations. These instructions of trained
Definition of MONITOR: The to the or other that to integrated. BEZEL: The to of the of the The the that covers the front of the CRT and from the CASE: The to of the of the The the that from the front The normally covers the top, back and of the assembly. LCD: to as the CONTROLLER: The that USB information. of this the to the 2500U, which the internal USB 2500U. with of the the following of to the of the optional, least inches, screwdriver with insulated or screwdriver Scissors or DB9 2500U) Household or to The Touchscreen recommended, and includes commonly touchscreen This useful and cost-effective and when purchased of installations.
To the first hours. o o Summary of The CRT consists of the following Incoming inspection the Attaching the touchscreen to the CRT the Routing the touchscreen Reassembling the the confirmed the installation. touchscreens of CRT displays. shows typical Typical Touchscreen disassembly, including of the CRT, to touchscreen. the improperly. to the or the touchscreen as of the responsibility. Without of the the warranty Also, to recertify the and touchscreen such as FCC, CE and UL/CSA those originally and to
Incoming Inspection the Touchscreen the touchscreen with the the corners the location of the and If of these or or pulled the touchscreen and the touchscreen Wear to the touchscreen. The touchscreens Testing the The CRT the of the touchscreen. Inspect the or With that the overnight. linearity, and other QC tests. the the to screws and other or the as them, relation to the of the where the with that and these of that usually to only Also, screws type and and the The with or or with ground that to ground the chassis. of the
WARNING or force the of the CRT, or the the where the attached, crack the of or of the Either the CRT. of the caused the high the the rebound of outward, to the the CRT from the CRT, and wear protective clothing including protection and WARNING the CRT The the off While CRT incorporate to the CRT, that the CRT properly with the or (the the CRT where the attached) to shock. Follow the below o o the shows the typical of 15-inch usually with of the back with disassembly, service the its the and the screws that the back to the or While the back the clearance the of the and the of the CRT. If there enough clearance to the CRT and this about.25 inch the of the to touchscreen the and completely the back Application alternatives. the back the CRT substantially exposed. when around the CRT. the CRT The of the high from the to the the CRT. The usually and the to the covered suction displays, the located the or of the CRT the top of the
WARNING The CRT charge To shock, the CRT and with thereafter. It to to to the leadbe to this without to the the CRT the following or to the mounting ears or the ground the other of the or to the of screwdriver that insulated the screwdriver the insulated only. the of the screwdriver the and with the the or heard as the amount of charge the the from the the the location of the CRT reassembly. the Chassis the the of the CRT completely exposed. The of from to Normally the to the chassis from the This of that the the of the CRT. The often to the CRT with which to the board. Several from the Typically these wires from the of the CRT, typically four-pin The the and assembly the of the of the CRT. MPR and the from the This attached to the CRT, or of sight the CRT and the or ground connected the CRT board and ground This uninsulated, which to with the of the CRT. connected to the switch, light, front
o o connected to the switch, light, front Other to from the chassis. The this the chassis as instructed below. Another touchscreen/display should this the chassis, the clearance the chassis and the of the CRT. Since the mounting the touchscreen the CRT back the chassis, there enough clearance the chassis and the CRT allowing about 0.25-inch of the CRT the of the chassis. to allow this clearance mechanical It from shorts the chassis, such as heat or leads, and the of the CRT which painted with coating that grounded to the chassis through the ground Repositioning or option. Technical the screws that the chassis to the the where of the mechanical assembly attached, that internal the chassis from the that and boards the of the CRT and that nothing becomes caught the or other the of the CRT. other that to disconnected. the chassis
the CRT of the CRT to the CRT the screws attaching the CRT to the and then the CRT. or the CRT the or assembly. with the which charge to this the CRT the Several other should assessed: the CRT the cushion the and the they the Alternatively, the CRT office-type that the resting the (The thin of the CRT the the touchscreen the of the and to that the of the CRT and touchscreen about the and that the of (ROC) of each matches If both of these the touchscreen the CRT's with ROC's, and touchscreens of them. Next, the touchscreen the without to the Modifications, necessary, should without the mechanical of the the touchscreen face-down the to the the The often located the CRT and approximately 0.25-inch thick, with and The from the supply If the touchscreen the of the force interference the of touchscreen and of the found and the wires which the the of the touchscreen or of the reassembly. It to these and the Cutting these and although the of the reduced slightly. to the the CRT screws. and that this Generally, clearance the of the touchscreen and or of least 0.25-inch both necessary. This the interference and allows touchscreen mounting
Clearance around the should clearance (to or and around Allow of and integration. If the of the difficulty, the touchscreen rotated The of the touchscreen with the exiting from the right when from the front of the Rotation inversion of the coordinates, which software, other touchscreens should the the facing the o o The interference the and the touchscreen The usually the touchscreen and the of the as there typically cavity If there enough the to setback the CRT. It to the to the of the CRT. Normally, this reduce the effectiveness. this inspecting the reassembly. clearance of the and the from the If the of the difficulty, the touchscreen rotated the touchscreen sealed and drivers).The of the touchscreen with the exiting from the right when from the front of the Rotation inversion of the coordinates, which software, other touchscreens should the the facing the Touchscreen to touchscreen match CRT the touchscreen the of the to that the of the CRT and touchscreen about the and that the of (ROC) of each matches If both of these the touchscreen the displays CRT's with ROC's, and touchscreens of them. the touchscreen the without to the The should the and should the the Modifications, necessary, should without the mechanical of the section If the touchscreen the of the force interference the of touchscreen and of the found and the wires which the the of the touchscreen or of the reassembly.
It to and the Cutting these and although the of the reduced slightly. to the the CRT screws. and that this Generally, clearance the of the touchscreen and or of least 0.25-inch both necessary. This the interference and allows touchscreen mounting The interference the and the touchscreen The the touchscreen and the of the as there typically cavity If there enough the to setback the CRT. It to the to the of the CRT. Normally, this significantly reduce the effectiveness. However, this inspecting the reassembly. clearance of the and the from the If the of the difficulty, the touchscreen rotated the touchscreen sealed and The of the touchscreen with the exiting from the right when from the front of the Rotation inversion of the coordinates, which software, other touchscreens should the the facing the
o o Attaching the Touchscreen Once and that the of clearance around the and the ready to the touchscreen. routing: Route from supply, high with wraps. the and touchscreen and clean installation. background to and to high four to the touchscreen to the thick thick thick Acts as as as T corners to C-79 to the
layers of the to thickness of 1/16-inch While touchscreen and CRT allow the of thinner 1/16-inch to allow ROC the the the touchscreen and the CRT applying the If of than the other, the the of the touchscreen with the typical You the the of the touchscreen cant the once reassembled. If there four to four this, the slightly of and these The thicker the from the CRT ready to the touchscreen to the of to the touchscreen. the should back slightly from the of the active of the touchscreen. The should attached to the the reassembled, the mounting should the from the of the and the the back of the touchscreen to as shown This the CRT and attract The and should around the touchscreen. The should when the reassembled. the touchscreen the CRT without the The tolerate and the touchscreen and easily the and with mounting of the the
o o the of the touchscreen, the back of the touchscreen and the of the CRT the cleaning and the mounting as the the mounting to eventually release from the with or the from the and the touchscreen the The thicker the from the CRT ready to the touchscreen to the the touchscreen the CRT. If the touchscreen from the CRT, the with thin such as knife. The touchscreen to off or the from the touchscreen and CRT with the knife. with which and smears. the cleaning to of touchscreen CRT straight and centered. off of corners. to back to from touchscreen while there such as touching the or Spacing the CRT from the The of the touchscreen mounting to the of the CRT from the (with the touchscreen attached), and to the CRT with the spacers to the touchscreen the and the CRT without spacers as certainly The thickness of the touchscreen and the of 3/16-inch If the touchscreen to with the 3/16-inch spacers would required. the CRT face-to-bezel mount often interference with the slightly to tightly the CRT, should with 1/16-inch thicker than the thicknesses of spacers, washers to as the Touchscreen C-79 Touchscreen
the selection process, to the CRT with the touchscreen attached the To the CRT from the spacers, temporarily wraps or toothpicks as the mounting selecting the spacers, the and the spacers securely with the "doughnuts" the Touchscreen spacers the selected, the CRT. the Select screw that enough to the thickness least three the mounting threads) as to the of the the screws or the mounting the offers USB or (RS-232) which typically internal to the to the following there the and the headers. that routing to and the from there internal DC-to-DC or AC supply required. and specs The +5V@60 regulated. Interference (EMI) touchscreen and the EMI characteristics of the heat The heat than typical supply, required, This the cooling of the The locations to mount and supply the cooling of the AC-to-DC supply. mounted securely to and grounded. Ground least mounting EMI characteristics, ground four mounting
o o (2500S) The mounting of the inch standoffs. touchscreens termination that directly with the header (P3) the mounting and Touchscreen Cabling Follow these to the positioning of the there headers. the back of the to the the DB9 this furnished of mounting the to chassis that to the mounting the to chassis with the of the to to the and mounting the to the Mount and ground the following of the Mount the to the chassis screws and spacers. It grounded through of the mounting of the screws and spacers the C-79 On the 2500S, mounting plated.
If the mounted to chassis, ground with attached to of the plated-through mounting to chassis ground. the to the P4 the the other to If found the AC-to-DC supply. The 2500S to P4 Function to N/C Not connected PwrCom to LED Remote LED N/C Chassis ground input: operation; to PwrCom N/C If grounded the to the chassis as recommended the chassis ground through the P4 to connected. the and LED Remote the The that the LED to of the P4 supply This from the to such as another LED. To LED, the LED cathode to ground and the to of the P4 through the LED low-operating LED should used. required.
o o the the to the P2 the Mount the DB9 of the the The grounded to agency as the grounding protects the the If the DB9 already grounded, the ground the to of the mounting screws and the other to chassis ground. the with the Touchscreen Interface, to the of the bulkhead-mounted DB9 with the to what the and include its
CAUTION to the from should the with to this the or seriously performance. the choice reasons: to the The 30-inch touchscreen routed through the of the to located the of the Once the the of the or of the touchscreen The of the permanently attached to the of the easily from the necessary. The permanently connected to the and features armored, where the the offers the flexibility of using or wall-mount supply internal or This the and location of and other Follow these to the supply to the The with typical. W. first the with to the or the to the DC-to-DC Typical approximately W. that each and from the performance. If the to the to and to You the ground to chassis ground immunity and that the enough to reach the back of the and the
CAUTION polarity when the leads to the supply. polarity the CAUTION the touchscreen or to the o o supply included: to the or the to using the DC-to-DC the to the to and to You the ground to chassis ground immunity and polarity when the leads to the supply. polarity the Typical approximately W. that each and from the performance. supply which input. to P4 the header with 0.100-inch with IDC or selected from AMPMODU IV or housing with supply to the and then to AC. If of the options optional or wall-mount supply to furnish to the to the that to the CPU OFF. Connecting to CPU seriously the CPU or the and the where to mount the the rear of the choosing location, to the template the and 1-inch cabling exiting the and screws that mounted the Route the touchscreen (and internally located through the 1-inch the the touchscreen the the rear of the You hear click when the properly connected to the cabling back the and the to the cabling with wraps as and to Routing the Touchscreen
CAUTION to the from should the with to this the or seriously performance. USB (2500U) The mounting the 2500U USB 0.156-inch standoffs. touchscreens that directly with the header (P3) the The from the USB (2500U) Follow these to the 2500U USB the positioning of the there the back of the to the the USB There the USB mount the the USB with the back of the mount the the the and the USB to mount USB
o o Mount and ground the The the should typically with EMI This accomplished of The should mounted to the chassis screws and spacers. It grounded through of the mounting using of the screws and spacers the If the mounted to chassis, ground with attached to of the plated-through mounting to chassis ground. the to the P4 the the other to If found the supply. The 2500U to C If grounded the to the chassis as the chassis ground through the P4 to connected. the X007X the and the head mounting USB the with the Touchscreen Interface to the of the bulkhead-mounted USB plate with the to that 2500U USB the
Routing the Touchscreen The internal that the touchscreen to interference from within the The routing of these should the following areas, of lead) lead-CRT section of the supply-Flat only switching and the DC to AC inversion section of the RGB section of the input and Once positioning the to to routing, other EMI to agency or other (RF) shielding, and grounding as Also, as to the chassis as to reduce Reassembling the With the touchscreen mounted, and the routing and interface the reassembled. Reassembly of disassembly. of clearance the of the CRT and the chassis, as shorts this catastrophic of the Also, the of the back painted with coating, shorts the CRT board and the of the back as these the chassis the CRT with It often to to that this board and other with the or of the CRT. heavy protective clothing, and strongly
the o o that the Watch ground from the CRT mount to the chassis, chassis which and screws to them, or push-on to these performance of the reassembly and the the CRT to the with (such as GE RTV-162). the CRT the CRT and then the to the the catch the If the and touchscreen the earliest reassembling the as the reassembly of the back tedious. If corrections to the covers off. Next, the with information about the touchscreen with the and of internal -2500S 9600/8/1/N SmartSet/Binary/Stream Finally, agency FCC, TV, CE, which resubmitted. of to from or splashed as the or industry only from the to the of the the the the as the and the location. and
Mounting Mounting and Mounting the around the If the to with forced the should and should the creating the Selection crosslinked closed-cell This through or purchased from directly 2A, 2E, 4A or 4E the and to quickly, the of to the typically effects. The should as and as the should of the of the performance. software from the that this these to establish performance to the of the as as If please Application
LCD WARNING The touchscreen outlined this chapter to high-voltage and of the LCD. This and lethal. Therefore, the should this chapter touchscreen installation. o o This section the procedures touchscreen that touchmonitor. mounting the and Information Follow the with the off and the and wear protective clothing. or from the users purchasing touchmonitor from with touchscreens and displays. offers touchscreen services of displays or third-party
Summary of This section of LCD. There of integration: LCD or LCD If touchscreen LCD then required. Considerations and typical LCD consists of the following the touchscreen the touchscreen Mounting the touchscreen the Reassembling the Unpacking the Touchscreen the touchscreen with the the corners Although the recessed from the of the them inspection necessary. the location of the and If of the wires or installation, or disconnected, the touchscreen and the touchscreen touchscreens pre-cleaned, the touchscreen wearing Testing the The the of the touchscreen. Inspect the LCD or With that the overnight. brightness, and other QC tests.
o o the LCD The of this to the touchscreen of monitors. This reference only, and to cover LCD products TouchSystems, Inc. or property incurred through of this when the Applications This the basic to the of LCD integrations. These instructions of trained Definition of MONITOR: The to the or other that integration. BEZEL: The to of the of the The the that covers the LCD, and from the CASE: The to of the of the The the that from the front The normally covers the top, back and of the assembly. LCD: to as the CONTROLLER: The that RS-232 or USB information. the of this the to the 2500S, and USB 2500U. numbers.
and screw Common screw Assortment of Assorted and screws and RS-232 touchscreen USB USB touchscreen Double-sided USB
o o Optional DC to DC and Closed-cell with Service the mounting Optional USB DC to DC and Closed-cell with Service the mounting Notes the the to screws and other or the as them, relation to the of the where If the (which hours first that reassembling the the with that and these of that to only Also, screws type and and the The with or or with ground that to ground the chassis. of the
Removing the Rear with of the back with disassembly, service To the the its the and the screws that the to the or the upward. Disconnect cabling that attached to the While the rear the clearance the of the and of the circuitry. If there enough clearance to this about.25 inch the of the to touchscreen the and completely the back Applications alternatives. Removing the LCD the the of the LCD completely exposed. The of from to The to the LCD from the housing. Several to from the LCD Typically these The input that attached to the of the LCD The One or connected to the rear of the These from the high connected to the switch, light, front Other to from the chassis. The this the chassis as instructed below. the LCD of the to other that to disconnected. the LCD free
o o Touchscreen the LCD the Next, the touchscreen the without to the Modifications, necessary, should without seriously the mechanical of the To this: the touchscreen the to the If the touchscreen the of the force interference the of touchscreen and of the found and the which the the of the or of the reassembly. It often to these and the Cutting usually although the of the reduced slightly. to the of screws. Generally, clearance the of the touchscreen and or of least 0.25-inch both necessary. This the interference and allows touchscreen mounting clearance of the and the from the The of the touchscreen with the exiting from the right when from the front of the If the of the difficulty, the touchscreen rotated (that incorporate Rotation inversion of the coordinates, which software, other The touchscreen the the facing the
Mounting the Touchscreen the touchscreen mounting to the LCD, Reasonable mechanical with the Mounting and the touchscreen and the LCD. mounting that the touchscreen least recommends of the LCD. Creating enough the touchscreen and the to the touchscreen and the spacing normally accomplished by: or the of the to the LCD back the chassis. spacers to the from the touchscreen. of the LCD back with and the the The the touchscreen and the The three should the thickness of the spacers to used. the to allow the touchscreen to the of the with the touching the active of the touchscreen. the should with the to the touchscreen to the LCD the the type of to used. of mounting the touchscreen, clean the of the and the back of the touchscreen with household cleaner. to fingerprints. The the touchscreen and the clean and free of Mount the touchscreen as follows: the to thickness of 1/16-inch the top, and the rear of the the should back slightly from the of the active of the touchscreen. the reassembled, the mounting should that the the corners to the from the of the
o o Attaching to the touchscreen the touchscreen the LCD without the The tolerate and with mounting of the LCD touchscreen the the of the touchscreen, the back of the touchscreen and the of the LCD. the cleaning and the mounting as the the mounting to eventually release from the with or the from the and the touchscreen the the touchscreen the LCD. Inspect trapped or and the touchscreen and LCD. If there to without the touchscreen with thin wire. the through the and the to the wire. the back the and there. If the touchscreen from the LCD, the with thin such as knife. The touchscreen to off or the from the touchscreen and LCD with the knife. with which and smears. the cleaning to of
the touchscreen operation; however, recommended to increase the to and recommends closed-cell based with foams with thickness to Other foams actually reduce the acoustic effects. the as follows: the that to the enough of the that Starting from the the to the The should with the and or outward. The the corners slightly the of the the corner. the of the tightly its The that with the touchscreen within the active It the to the Spacing the LCD from the The of the touchscreen mounting to the of the LCD from the (with the touchscreen attached), and to the LCD with the spacers the touchscreen the and the LCD without as certainly The thickness of the touchscreen and the of 3/16-inch If the touchscreen to with the 3/16-inch spacers would required. the selection to the LCD with the touchscreen the to spacers the selected, the LCD. Select screw that enough to the thickness least three the mounting threads) as to the of the the screws or the mounting
o o the (2500S) The mounting of the 0.156-inch standoffs. touchscreens termination that directly with the header (P3) the mounting and 2500S Follow these to the positioning of the there choose location that allows the to with and easy installation. If mount the directly to the chassis using screws and spacers the mounting If mount to location other than the chassis, or to standoffs, ground the through the of P4 of the the touchscreen to P3 of the and with amount of the with and It recommended least of the mounting attached screw to
CAUTION to the from should the with to this the or seriously performance. USB (2500U) The mounting the 2500U USB 0.156-inch standoffs. mounting and 2500U USB Follow these to the 2500U USB the positioning of the there Choose location that allows the to with and tor easy installation. If mount the directly to the chassis screws and spacers the mounting If the chassis, or to standoffs, ground the through the of P4 of the the touchscreen to P3 of the and with amount of with It that least of the mounting attached screw to
o o to the internal USB This section the of of DC to DC of It to and directly from the attempting this should the service or the Follow these to directly from the the of the that the the the should to supply with effecting other the or the non-terminated of the to the location. to the polarity. The the the the the and the ground. the terminated of the to P4 of the USB and with amount of the with and
of (DC to DC If readily to DC to DC and this should the service or the DC to DC Follow these to and DC to DC the positioning of the DC to DC there headers. choose location that allows the to with and easy the of the that the the the should to supply with effecting other the or the non-terminated of the to the location. to the polarity. The the the and the the the terminated of to P603 of the DC to DC the header of to P604 of the DC to DC
o o the header of to P4 of the USB and with amount of the with and the To the to the RS-232 the of the to the the DB-9 this furnished of Mounting the to internal chassis with the to the Punching DB-9 the of the and mounting the directly to the DB-9 punches obtained from supply Mount the DB-9 header of the RS-232 of the If mounting to non-grounded location, grounding to of the and terminate to ground. the header of the RS-232 to P2 of the and with amount of the with and the plate with the Touchscreen Interface to the surrounding the DB-9 the to that 2500S the the USB To the to the USB (included with the USB the of the to the to the This furnished of Mounting the to internal chassis with the to the Punching the of the and mounting the directly to the punches obtained from supply
Mount the USB of the If mounting to non-grounded location, grounding to of the and terminate to ground). of the USB to the USB of the and the other to the of the the with and the to that 2500U the Re-assembling the Re-assemble the completing the to everything correctly and completely. to the RS-232 and USB to the section of this to the which Direction
o o
The Troubleshooting If with the touchscreen or installation, the following sections the of the The first troubleshooting touchscreen to whether the related to the software, or with touchscreen problemsthe unrelated. Software basic functionality If the correctly, then the with the or software. caused the touchscreen, cabling, supply, or the of the touchscreen the This the including LED and C HAPTER ROUBLESHOOTING UIDE A-49
Software Troubleshooting A-50 o o If (such as or synchronization, non-linearities, that the function of the and the touchscreen the Therefore, with the should treated as touchscreen and corrections should using the troubleshooting outlined The touchscreen from its Usually the and touchscreen and independently. the touchscreen to interact with the the off. supply that from the supply, through the displays switch. this the touchscreen function the switch software troubleshooting, that the touchscreen the COMDUMP the COMDUMP If the touchscreen operating, then the with the software, the software, or with other or software. (The to incorrect touchscreen The troubleshooting software to what of software and associated the there layers of software and The with MonitorMouse MonitorMouse DOS, the ELODEV with another or the touchscreen The to software troubleshooting to the of software testing each the isolated. other and software that conflicting with the touchscreen and software.
Troubleshooting troubleshooting information MonitorMouse MonitorMouse DOS, MonitorMouse DOS, ELODEV, and TouchBack, the DOS and MonitorMouse OS/2 MonitorMouse NT or MonitorMouse as or www.elotouch.com/ If the touchscreen and the the the ELOCALIB DOS or the Touchscreen with of MonitorMouse. indicated when the the as or when it the The should the as If DOS ELOGRAPH.CAL and the VGA with text text rather than graphics the DOS and information. Troubleshooting the touchscreen of the touchscreen, supply, and the process. The to with the the which displayed when the software to If they the and MX Also, whether the the COMDUMP The 2310B operates and parity, You of the following reported, the the touchscreen, or cabling. If the or the they to the of this information troubleshooting each A-51
A-52 o o If the reporting or the caused or the of when the touchscreen touched caused the sections and, and, respectively. of SAWDUMP DOS included with software and www.elotuch.com, to these Application information. Linearity. the and linearity usually to or The of this with troubleshooting of the touchscreen, and The 2310B operates and parity. The 2500S operates the COMDUMP COMDUMP DOS included with software and www.elotouch.com. COMDUMP to functionality and to whether or reaching the COMDUMP without touchscreen loaded. TypeCOMDUMP where the of the COM instructions found www.elotouch.com/support. If DOS, PC from DOS COMDUMP. If DOS ASCII or to type of COMDUMP). Another option to temporarily the touchscreen to PC with DOS and COMDUMP. If the functioning properly, when the touchscreen touched. If transmitted or when the touchscreen touched or intermittently), If the LED and that transmitted, the then try another possibly another RS-232
2500S The COMDUMP with software as follows: ASCII 'U' ASCII 'T' XHigh YHigh ZHigh to A-4002 If the A-4002 the the six-byte as follows: MSB LSB X11 X10 X9 X8 X7 X6 X5 X4 X3 X2 X1 X0 Y11 Y10 Y9 Y8 Y7 Y6 Y5 Y4 Y3 Y2 Y1 Y0 Z3 Z2 Z1 Z0 this the first four each decreasing, and from to 0F The when A-53
Table A.1 A-54 o o RS-232 and switch If or to the that the of the the as selected switches or the The operates RS-232 The P2, header with 0.100-inch It and commonly insulation (IDCs) used. and below. DB9 and DB25 A.1 the P2 DB25 DB9 Source DCD (N/C) DSR RXD RTS TXD CTS DTR RI (N/C) N/C GND Common The (P2 and Ground (P2 the (P2 should connected to the
Ready (DSR) and Clear to (CTS) the to and operation. DSR asserted when to the and CTS asserted when the Ready (DTR) and to (RTS) connected software typically and four If the LED whether RS-232 transmitted. Alternatively, there activity the It that the the to with RS-232 DTE To this, the and the DCE DTE and and the the the the The that to RS-232 the of this information. If the DC the of the of the DB-9). It should and when the touchscreen touched, and the and the If RS-232 the applied. the P4 and the If the LED functioning the supply To this the the then the cover. the and the There the that would to the through P4. If the the from the DC-to-DC or AC supply. A-55
Touchscreen and Touchscreen A-56 o o If the touchscreen and its easily the touchscreen physically inspected to the and Gently back the covering the and assembly allow to the back of the and the wires to A-1 and Assembly wires near the should or cracked to Transducer of the the of the detected the A.2 and Assembly You the field. touchscreen with to or
Table A.2 IC1 and header IC1 The IC1 the to to EC2 and The IC1 with white the of the header. The the header and the as follows: A.3 the IC1 DB9 Function Shell Ground DB9 and DB25 EC2 This the back of to It straight through and used. this with The internal of the EC2 to the and other should substituted. A-57
A-58 o o where the the or The LED. Following the where the LED the self-test, the LED flashes once second, operation. The displayed software. operation, the LED controller/host the touchscreen touched, the LED should light continuously, then to the If the the from the the LED The LED without the touchscreen or cabling or functioning. If the LED flashes about second, indicated, such as from the host. from the host.
A.3 The (2500S) relating to each The or of displayed The following each the each computed the each arithmetic. (2500S) These the AA- BB. The AA below. The BB the as the A.1. AA Touch Touch failedtouchscreen connected RAM RAM read/write ROM Firmware/hardware A-59
A-60 o o DB9 and DB25 Connector The following when locating DB9 and DB25 DB9 and DB25 Connector A.4
The following specifications to without of the to the Touchscreen Products or the Technical Reference these specifications. products covered or of the following C HAPTER PECIFICATIONS B-61
Touchscreens Mechanical Construction with attached to front of the thickness 0.115-inch Corner-mounted of 0.150-inch attached to of the The following physical of the touchscreen specified each the Touchscreen Products or the Specification found www.elotouch.com and physical and and active of information location, length, and type and typically from the right terminating 0.025-inch Connector with 0.100-inch of than inch) Touch Activation Typically to ounces to Force that of rating of Expected known wear-out as there layers, coatings, or The Performance operationally tested to than touches location without using to Light ASTM D1003-92 Clear with noticeable using USAF Chart, 30X with located 1.5-inch from of chart. Clear N/A ASTM D2457-90 using ASTM D2457-90. touchscreen the interfacing to the Technical Reference or to the Touchscreen Products these specifications. C to C. C to C. C non-condensing. Relative B-62 o o
Chemical The touchactive of the touchscreen to chemicals that such Ammonia-based cleaners tested IEC and the touchscreen withstand Protection of distributed the active of the touchscreen. Agency UL touchscreens UL E162681 the of UL94HB. FCC incorporating touchscreens, and to FCC Class "B" B-63
2500U USB and to typical W, typical. of sourcing and than below and than Interface USB High and Initial/Stream/ Approximately of Conversion Approximately MTBF than hours MIL-HDBK-217-F2 using the the ground with of C C to C C C Humidity to RH, non-condensing. and Three wave, to 1G, with ESD EN The rated 94V0. such as and rated 94V0. Physical Characteristics Construction Four-layer with internal ground EMI Width: inches including Length: including height: inches mounting plated through-holes chassis ground to the the of this Connectors and The the to the Definitions touchscreen and USB or USB The USB P2, USB B as specified section of Connector the USB The as shown B.1 B-64 o o
Touchscreen The touchscreen P3, header with inch Connector P3 with the the touchscreen The as shown B.2 The force Connector, P4 The P4, header with 0.025-inch The header with insulation (IDC) such as and and The header with termination, and housings including housings and and the AMPMODU IV family. to B.3 locations. shown B.3 B-65
Table B.1 USB and B-66 o o VBUS D- D+ GND B.1 P2, USB board-mounted header and cable-mounted P2 VBUS RED D- WHITE D+ GREEN GND BLACK shield mounted B.2 touchscreen P3, as from mounted board-mounted header and mounted-plug. B.3 board-mounted cable-mounted header header
B.2 touchscreen and B.3 P4 and P3 function Chassis ground shield ground ground ground P4 function DC location ground B-67
B-68 o o LED Characteristics LED (D1) as follows: LED Rate Function Once Normal On continuously Touched LED (D6) USB as follows: LED State Function OFF USB ON USB, there USB and occurring Agency CNR/USR UL USA and NWGQ2, Information Including TUV as tested with FCC Class the to to and shielding, and to apply beads.
2500U USB B.4 2500U USB top B.5 2500U USB locations B-69
B-70 o o B.6 2500U USB B.7 2500U USB typical
2500S and to typical W, typical. of sourcing and than below and than Interface EIA 232E RS-232), DCE Parity, RTS/CTS DSR pulled HIGH (>+3V) the 2500S when connected and DTR Rate and or E281A-4002 Stream/ Touch of Conversion Approximately MTBF than hours MIL-HDBK-217-F2 the ground with of C). to 65C. Storage:-25C to 85C. to RH, non-condensing. to RH, non-condensing. and Three wave, to G, with ESD EN The printed board rated 94V0. such headers and rated 94V0. Physical Characteristics Construction Four-layer with internal ground EMI Width: inches including Length: inches inches mounting plated through chassis ground to the the of this B-71
Connectors and The the to Definitions the touchscreen and I/O attachments. P2, and The I/O P2, header with inch The header with insulation (IDC) such as and and The header with termination, and including housings and and the AMPMODU IV family. to B.1 locations. the IDC to IDC DB-9 the interface DCE as ANSI/EIA/TIA 232-E. Touchscreen P3, and The touchscreen P3, header with inch spaced P3 with the the touchscreen The as shown B.2 The force P4 The P4, header with 0.025-inch The header with insulation (IDC) such as and and The header with termination, and housings including housings and and the AMPMODU IV family. to B.3 locations. shown Table B.4 B-72 o o mounted B.8 P2, as from header
B.4 Connector, P2, and functions DB-9 P2 Sourced Function -DCD when -DSR ready, when RXD from to -RTS ready to when TXD from to -CTS as ready to when -DTR RI SG ground B.5 characteristics Applicable ON input RTS, DTR OFF input RTS, DTR DC DTR DC RTS RTS Source DSR, DCD,CTS, Power-off ON RTS, DTR Short DSR, DCD, CTS Transition Characteristics EIA-232-E DSR, DCD, CTS Table Connector, P2, and functions Measured with to SG, measured the of from to ohms. characteristics the following These specifications with ANSI/EIA/TIA 232-E. DSR, DCD, CTS DSR, DCD, CTS EIA-232 B-73
Table B.6 Touchscreen P3, and B-74 o o B.9 touchscreen P3, as from P3 function Chassis ground shield ground ground ground mounted B.10 P4, as from mounted header header
Table B.7 P4, and Table B.8 Locations and function P4 function DC allowed LED location ground operation to allowed Source to typical LED Function J1 NVRAM to J2 Emulation E281A-4002 The 2500S shipped with to J1 or J2. the this the of the LED Characteristics LED as follows: LED Rate Function Once Normal On continuously Touched B-75
B-76 o o Agency CNR/USR UL USA and NWGQ2, Information Including TUV as tested with FCC Class the to to and shielding, and to apply beads.
B.11 2500S top B.12 2500S B-77
B-78 o o B.13 2500S B.14 2500S typical
and 2500U USB 2500S RS-232 Card, wave touchscreens USB DB9M to DB9F. touchscreen from back of to MX wave 2310MX 2310MX 2310MX Mount 2310MX wave Accessories mounting Includes mounting to internal Supply, U.S., Wall mount option MX supply, International, to 2310MX E281-2310MX International supply. supply, AC internal 2310B, 2500S and 2500U C HAPTER LO ART UMBERS C C-79
C-80 o o Supply, U.S., Wall mount, or cord). to the following Supply, International. or cord). to the following and Appl DC to DC, to +5V DC DC internal 2310B, 2500S or 2500U twisted 2310B, 2500S or 2500U. inch, 2X5F to 1X2F, 9M DC/DC 2310B, 2500S and 2500U. inch, to leads. twisted E281-2310MX, inch, to leads Cord with supply and/or Cord United with supply and/or UK. USB inch length, to to USB inch length, to to Touchscreen DB9M to DB9F, from back of to Touchscreen DB9M to DB9F, from back of to from internal to DB9M, from to back of from to DB9F, from touchscreen to DB9F from touchscreen to DB9M, from touchscreen to back of to DB9F, from to back of DB9M to DB9F. from back of (with internal to COM with Used to or DB9 back of to chassis ground. E281-2303. to from 002862-K1 or 002860-K1 to ADB touchmonitors with internal to interface to DB9M to DIN E281-2310MX
PS/2 DIN E281-2310MX Touchscreen Touchscreen and Mounting Plates DB9M to DB25F. Converts DB9F to DB25F with DB25 2500S when locking to 2500S 2500S when 2500S 2310B mounting and closed-cell without closed-cell with closed-cell with with closed-cell with with Double-sided closed-cell SecureTouch Touchscreens SecureTouch clear touchscreen SecureTouch clear touchscreen SecureTouch clear touchscreen SecureTouch clear touchscreen SecureTouch clear touchscreen SecureTouch touchscreen SecureTouch clear touchscreen SecureTouch touchscreen SecureTouch clear touchscreen SecureTouch touchscreen and Spherical Touchscreens touchscreen touchscreen touchscreen C-81
C-82 o o touchscreen touchscreen touchscreen touchscreen touchscreen touchscreen touchscreen touchscreen touchscreen touchscreen touchscreen touchscreen clear touchscreen clear touchscreen clear touchscreen spherical, clear touchscreen spherical, touchscreen spherical, clear touchscreen spherical, touchscreen spherical, clear touchscreen spherical, touchscreen spherical, clear touchscreen spherical, touchscreen spherical, clear touchscreen spherical, touchscreen spherical, clear touchscreen spherical, touchscreen spherical, clear touchscreen spherical, touchscreen clear touchscreen touchscreen spherical, clear touchscreen spherical, clear touchscreen spherical, touchscreen
when of factory and -The of which the respond. This directly related to the which the information and to the the -A type of which or top (or both) appear to outward. brightness increases, the CRTs to and This of bright of the appear to or and -A type of which of the the C Convergence -The of the to correctly the red, and of the Convergence often as of the of the or around text or graphics where should white. CRT cathode type of which created beams that the of phosphors the of DAF to the beams and vertically. Pitch -The phosphor and the of the CRT, The pitch to the Instead, the CRTs beam hits or phosphor to with pitches phosphor to each accurately. C HAPTER LOSSARY
o o DPMS VESA which that and products that together. DQ-DAF and The of the DQ-DAF the as the DAF. The DQ-DAF of to the This and focusing, and than the DAF. This and -Located the of the CRT, the shoots beams phosphor to the Unsteadiness of the caused refresh the of of Graphics -A scanning which greater of that displayed with and to It as of second. second. Scanning -The phosphor the CRT. Scanning -The of beam of phosphor second, the with higher rates higher Interlaced Scanning -A that to screen every other the first and the of the the This usually Interlaced Scanning
-A type of that of that to withstand high the The allows the CRT to brighter than the Advanced the -A type of which the of the than the LCD (LCD) crystals activated LCD and thin, smooth, with Commonly computers. Linearity -The to Non-linearity to of the than another. This caused the -A characteristic of that shielding to the of ELF and VLF It usually to as government MPRII. Radiation Based -This type of normally flexibility input and It internal memory to information -The of the to correctly the red, and of the often as of the of the or around or graphics where should white. -A caused the interference brightness and other characteristics of the input
o o MPR-II -The published the Swedish National and testing. of this type of VGA only. There of monitors: the or and the to rates Higher resolution/refresh rates from this higher of rates to and rates to The input which these based. -A that than the that currently CGA,EGA, VGA, SVGA, Scanning to the specially treated as reflective. Scanning -A on-screen that the and then reduces Non-static the characteristics of specially treated that build-up of electricity the -A of phosphor It the phosphors to the beams. Phosphor -Colored that the of the CRT beams from the the phosphor to the the Pincushion -A type of which the or top of the to -The information building of on-screen The of the of covering the and height of the on-screen
Colors light (and which light) they the colors-red, and blue-that together to other -The of the CRT which the to Refresh -The which the Refresh Rate -The which refresh of the second. refresh -A which the sharpness of the It the of that to of and vertically of that straight helical or twisted appearance. This caused Scan -The which developed. The beams the phosphor the and The the the the -A the of It consists of that to and the light from the Sharpness -Rather subjective and the of the Serves the function as the that the of wires stretched the This light to through the therefore the brighter Pitch -The of pitch the and the of the offers to and to the of than CRTs. SVGA Graphics characterized of
o o should rock-steady the characteristics and of on-screen -A three phosphor red, and fashion. Each of the three to of these the phosphor the the each active which the of excited and active each UVGA Graphic It to Refresh Rate Refresh Scanning -The the phosphor the CRT. VESA Association. The that the graphics boards with both software and It the refresh of SVGA and VGA VGA -A Graphic (VGA) of VLF from to This type of from the XGA Graphics (XGA) of
2500S A-53 2500S B-70 2500S B-70 2500S top B-69 2500U USB B-69 A-4002 A-53 Agency B-63, B-68, B-76 touchscreen CRT, Touchscreens, B-63 lead, Attaching the Touchscreen, CRT, spacing CRT from, touchscreen C and Connector, Touchscreens, B-62 clearance from routing, and cleaning of touchscreens, Chemical Touchscreens, B-63 cleaning touchscreen, clearance chassis and CRT, touchscreen and and touchscreen, of and from COMDUMP A-51 Installation, Connectors and Definitions, 2500S B- Index Construction, 2500S B-64 Construction, B-62 Conversion 2500S B-64 inversion, CRT attaching touchscreen to, clearance from chassis, CRT Integration, DB9 and DB25 Connector A-60 Definition of the LCD Considerations and Touchscreen A-59 A-58 2500S B-64 Touchscreens, B-62 the LCD the the CRT, disassembly, CRT, testing, touchscreen with, A-50 B-77 Software, EC2 A-57 B-71
shorts, Specifications, 2500S B-64 Specifications, Touchscreens, B-62 Protection, Touchscreens, B-63 Touchscreen Specifications, 2500S B- Specifications, Touchscreens, B-62 ESD, 2500S B-64 Expected Performance, Touchscreens, B-62 protection, to FCC FCC Compliance, B-63 B-63 2500S B-64 Started, Touchscreens, B-62 grounding CRT, grounding Troubleshooting, A-51 Humidity, 2500S B-64 IC1 A-57 Incoming Inspection, touchscreen, touchscreen, the Warranty, 2500S B-71 2500U USB B-64 (2500S), A-59 A-58 Touchscreens, B-62 Interface, 2500S B-64 interference and touchscreen, A-52 (2500S), USB (2500U), inversion of coordinates, Locations and function B-75 B-75 touchscreen mounting, LCD Integration, lead, LED Characteristics, B-68, B-75 Light Touchscreens, B-62 Linearity, A-52 mounting touchscreen, touchscreen, Mechanical Specifications, Touchscreens, B- the the USB mounting Mounting the CRT, A-51 Notes the 2500S B-64 2500S B-64
Relative Humidity, Touchscreens, B-62 Touchscreens, B-62 Optional of touchscreen, coordinates, P4 of of Physical Characteristics, 2500S B-64 polarity, Accuracy, Touchscreens, B-62 A-55 Connector, P4, 2500S B-65 supply, with clearance CRT and chassis, protection, Protective Clothing, of (ROC), Re-assembling the Reassembling the Reliability, 2500S B-64 the CRT, the Chassis, the the LCD, the Rear USB Touchscreens, B-62 polarity, of touchscreen, Routing the Touchscreen RS-232 A-54 advisory, warning, Information, Information, CRT Integration, Information, SAWDUMP, A-52 Selection, the touchscreen to CRT, A-52 Shock and 2500S B-64 shorts, Software Troubleshooting, A-50 spacers, CRT from Spacing the LCD from the Specifications, B-61 reflector, CRT Integration, Summary of Steps, Summary of Steps, CRT, and 2500S B-64 Durability, Touchscreens, B-62 waves, mounting touchscreen, 2500S B-64 Touchscreens, B-62 testing Testing the thickness of touchscreen and locations, 2500S B-69 and the LCD Touch Activation Force, Touchscreens, B-62 Touch 2500S B-64 touchscreen CRT, and cleaning, clearance from
mounting, testing of, thickness, Touchscreen and Touchscreen A-56 Touchscreen Connector, 2500S B-65 clearance from Troubleshooting A-49 Troubleshooting Process, A-49 UL Compliance, B-63 Laboratory (UL) Unpacking the Touchscreen, the USB Connector, 2500S B-64 the COMDUMP Utility, A-52 Touchscreen A-51 Touchscreens, B-62 to NT troubleshooting, A-51 Work