Application ES601079
of Release Changed Initial release ECO-13-0889 History Application ES601079 A, of
of this publication reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or including, or otherwise without written of Inc. The information this to without Touch Inc. and its (collectively or warranties with to the and specifically of merchantability or the right to this publication and to from to the hereof without of to of such revisions or Acknowledgments AccuTouch, CarrollTouch, Touch TouchSystems, SecureTouch, TouchTools and of and its affiliates. of Microsoft Corporation. Copyright Touch Inc. Rights Application ES601079 A, of
of Introduction Checking the the Application ES601079 A, of
Introduction This information to the and to the the board and of the to as the The board and both updated the and specified Chapter This allows to the that the board and/or to updated to. to that the chosen. The obtained The firmware as follows: board firmware The EC InfoAbout Chapter as firmware The EC InfoAbout as Please that the connected to supply the AC/DC This to that while the If while the the Once the the the If reading this please Touch technical or service. technical to the of this information Application ES601079 A, of
the To the firmware to the Access InfoAbout. The InfoAbout the (EC) firmware The shown only. If the EC as specified Chapter with the Application Notes the BIOS and operating Application ES601079 A, of
the the firmware, please that the connected to the AC/DC To the firmware: On the to Right-click and as Application ES601079 A, of
the to allow This the the USB that the firmware the and the to known location the Click the to the right of the textbox or to the firmware and The selected should appear the Click the counter appear below the and to increase from to right to the and inactive while the The hence allow the to the following appear: Application ES601079 A, of
respond, the OK to the It to and the battery. the of firmware the from the and the the station. the and the firmware the procedures outlined of this Application ES601079 A, of
www.elotouch.com the Product Information Specifications Upcoming Press releases Software Touch with To about the of www.elotouch.com, or the office North America Touch CA Edition (October Copyright Touch Inc. rights 800-ELO-TOUCH www.elotouch.com.cn Application ES601079 A, of America www.elotouch.com