Touch ET3201L Interactive Touchmonitor ET4201L Interactive Touchmonitor ET5501L Interactive Touchmonitor ET7001L Interactive Touchmonitor SW601990 USER MANUAL
of this reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or including, to, or otherwise without written of Touch Inc. The information this to without Touch Inc. and its Afffiliates (collectively or with to the and specifically warranties of merchantability or the right to this and to from to the hereof without of to of such revisions or Acknowledgments AccuTouch, CarrollTouch, Touch TouchSystems, SecureTouch, TouchTools and of and its Affiliates. of Microsoft Corporation. Copyright Touch Inc. Rights Interactive SW601990 E, of
Table of Introduction Chapter Chapter Touchmonitor Chapter Mounting Chapter Chapter Technical Chapter Chapter Information Chapter Warranty Information Interactive SW601990 E, of
Introduction Product Interactive (IDS) touchmonitor Touch performance with the touchscreen and This of features of information and the touchmonitor. This touchmonitor incorporates active thin-film-transistor, and LCD to performance. Its HD of graphics and Other features that this LCD performance compatibility, built-in and headphone (OSD) and family of IDS The to the of the The factor affected and cabling required. IDS touchmonitor IDS All-in-One touchcomputer. Precautions Follow and as recommended this to the of and to information touchmonitor health and strongly recommended that least people (four the ET7001L) and/or these touchmonitors. This information that the and of the IDS and optional and touchmonitor and through this the Installation, and Operation Interactive SW601990 E, of
Unpacking Unpacking the Interactive Touchmonitor To the IDS, follow these The should oriented the to its The should the and locks. There the 7001L Once the the top off the With the top to the IDS touchmonitor and the included Interactive SW601990 E, of
IDS Touchmonitor Connector Interfaces health and strongly recommended that least people (four the ET7001L) or these Touchmonitors. recommends as OSHA/NIOSH that the following items and IDS touchmonitor CD OSD Remote connected to the o HDMI, USB, North America U.K. the cover the (when to the touchmonitors of the and interfaces. The OSD red. 3201L/4201L/5501L/7001L of back I/O with OSD Interactive SW601990 E, of
IDS Touchmonitor to the HDMI the and the the USB the and the PC. Select the the AC and the touchmonitors POWER IN The touchmonitor ON the OSD to the On Interactive SW601990 E, of
the IDS Touchscreen Software HID the required. HID and If previously the this and selecting to the completely. the Touch www.elotouch.com to the Additional information Touch other operating The and the with the CD that with the touchmonitor. Interactive SW601990 E, of
Chapter Mounting health and recommended that least people (four recommended the ET7001L) or these touchmonitors. the face-down attaching mounting or the the from scratching and the or first the with or Mounting Information The following three mounting supported: Landscape, and table-top performance, that the and as as Interactive SW601990 E, of
Top to the section top Interactive SW601990 E, of
Rear VESA Mount the and mounting the of the The VESA mounting coded: VESA MOUNT PER MIS-F, 400,400,6MM the four-hole, mounting the of the The VESA mounting coded: VESA MOUNT PER MIS-F, 600,600,6MM the four-hole, mounting the of the The VESA mounting coded: VESA MOUNT PER MIS-F, 400,400,8MM to www.elotouch.com Interactive SW601990 E, of
Optional 3201L and 4201L Only) PN: E455084 Interactive SW601990 E, of
Chapter To the touchmonitor or off, the touchmonitor once. If then the with the To abruptly off the and touchmonitor, and the touchmonitor the off. To the follow the operating off LED the OSD that to the following Touchmonitor/Computer LED The when SLEEP and OFF specifications, to technical the www.elotouch.com. Touching the the of MONITOR SLEEP If of the AC to The and the touchmonitor the below: ET32/4201L ET5501L ET7001L OFF OFF SLEEP BLINKING ON ON Interactive SW601990 E, of
Touchscreen The and touchscreens to through the function the the rotated. Touchscreens connected to computers, the touchmonitor touches. the following Touch and their The to through from to another or and the following Touch and their The action of the The to through from to another or the and them together to from each other to Interactive SW601990 E, of
rotated to the the to and three the touches supported. LCD its and height measured of displayed LCD when matches the LCD the specifications the www.elotouch.com to touchmonitors other performance and recommended. the the to input this stretching the input the X- and to the input this compressing the input the X- and to the byproduct of the algorithms of when the the to the This of when feature-rich containing small-font touchmonitor VGA graphic touchmonitor through the OSD to the of the touchmonitors displayed To reduce the the correctly and displays of the Interactive SW601990 E, of
On-Screen (OSD) Connected Through the RJ45 OSD buttons found the OSD There LED light which shows the of the The following the that to the The buttons and their functionality Function when OSD displayed: Function when OSD displayed: OSD to previous OSD Decrease of selected OSD item Increase of selected item and Select Select to the the of the *The allows the to the input If the user this they the to the OSD buttons on-screen graphical interface which displays top of input allowing of the following Interactive SW601990 E, of
and Other selected Source, Brightness, Contrast, Black Sharpness and Aspect Ratio this Source the to switch the Allows the to the Also, the of the internal or headphones Not Muted, the and Preference HDMI Allows HDMI to the VGA Allows VGA to displayed the DisplayPort Allows DisplayPort to the ECM DP DisplayPort the of If HDMI input found, the switched. Source brightness. Brightness VGA to the H. V. Clock and Phase. If VGA selected, the Sharpness The continually active from VGA, DisplayPort, HDMI, and the This selects which of those input should displayed. If or OPS detected, to the of the sharpness of the displayed sharpness Sharpness function when the input ratio the as the ratio Interactive SW601990 E, of
Aspect Ratio The light or off. the light the Light brightness manually. Allows of the clock. Clock Not when HDMI/DisplayPort or the Allows of the clock phase. Phase Not when HDMI/DisplayPort or the the the centered. Not when using HDMI/DisplayPort or the the the centered. Not when using HDMI/DisplayPort or the Black Source Switches the Screen and to Aspect the X- and of the input or as to the displays Aspect Ratio and input with aspect ratio than the of the input or as to the displays and the to the aspect ratio (and the of the with the and right). the input ratio the as the this function Direct the with and the the of the Scaling when switching these options. Automatically the clock to the input VGA affecting the Clock, and Phase items. Not when HDMI or the The choose or The of the to the chosen Not when the from VGA. Selects the The 9300K, 7500K, 6500K, 5500K, and If the option selected, the user the R, G, and from to with R, G, and to Allows the user to choose the The choices From Source, and ECM only ECM detected) If there and the HDMI, the options and HDMI. The chosen or and this the and the Interactive SW601990 E, of
Preference Other of OSD inactivity the Touchmonitor OSD closing the OSD. The and seconds. seconds OSD OSD the OSD location and right the display. H-Position (centered) OSD the OSD location and the (centered) Recalling This allows the user to switch the and the DDC/CI MDC DDC/CI to to the or the Thermal Protection Information, and Information Nothing this the touchmonitor and the and touchscreen Information information information Touch information. touchmonitor through the OSD as as they This from to choices every the touchmonitor or off and or there chosen the users preference. and allow the to the and OSD The and OSD from the back to the Information: information about the and MDC allows the to choose DDC/CI and RS232 the MDC information about and the information. If the there secondary showing that information. Selects which the OSD information The English, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, and English. Selecting factory OSD and OSD and Preset the of the and the CPU these the Interactive SW601990 E, of
OSD and Press and the and buttons seconds to the OSD the OSD of the Down, or Select the Press and the and buttons seconds to the the the switch the from the touchmonitor touchmonitor HDMI, touchmonitor DisplayPort, or HDMI or DisplayPort played the touchmonitors internal the Source OSD headphones the headphone the internal off and played the headphones. and of the and headphone the OSD. MDC Functionality Remote Applications) The touchmonitor the to allow from This through the of the the IDS the user with the the The of instructions which the IDS touchmonitor. information, to the user RFID Functionality 3201L and 4201L Units: There integrated RFID within the To the RFID functionality, RFID www.elotouch.com) and connected to the integrated to the RFID peripheral and software the 5501L and 7001L from The of RFID that ISO-14443-A ISO-14443-B ISO-15693 The RFID and the and functionality. Interactive SW601990 E, of
The location of the RFID indicated the arrow the following location. RFID of to from the the directly to the containing the or www.elotouch.com. If to from the included CD, required. (OS) the the accompanying CD and www.elotouch.com. the booting follow these instructions to the the to the and the the CD the OS booted, right Computer Click Click Highlight of the that and Click the option Software Choose the to and Next the software and then to the this of the that the Interactive SW601990 E, of
OS and or higher, these when the connected to To information the the following: NOTE: The Touch Touchmonitor ID OS X: the and USB. that the below appear. The USB displayed. and type as the command. that below The USB displayed. The IDS that the with readings. This reading found the OSD clicking Other Information If the higher than the Interactive SW601990 E, of
operating the Thermal Protection This allows the to of of its operating Thermal Protection the reduce the backlight brightness to the back within operating While this increased. If the below the Thermal Protection least operation resumed. The OSD which the the Thermal Protection the below. the Thermal Protection the following appear the and the Brightness This that the Thermal Protection active. of OSD showing the showing that Thermal Protection active Interactive SW601990 E, of
Thermal Protection the top of these indicating that the The prompted to off the within sixty seconds the to Thermal Protection If the manually turned off sixty seconds, the touchmonitor off to to the The below shows the This only and Thermal Protection Thermal Protection (C) (C) (C) ET32/4201L ET55/7001L the that Thermal Protection or the the OSD to the forth the below. These retained least If Thermal Protection reached, the internal to first back to the and then further to the to Thermal Protection Thermal Protect active Thermal Protection Disabled (C) ET32/4201L ET55/7001L Thermal Protection (C) Interactive SW601990 E, of
of Thermal Protection ET4201L with Brightness: At OSD Brightness Normal OSD 55C or At OSD Brightness to OSD 60C or If the internal to the off OSD 70C Top The Top function the OSD the top Cooling the below the to the from overheating. the information thermal mounting The warranty to the top and the Table Top function without cooling the Table top the Thermal Protection These OSD stated the below. Thermal Protection (C) ET32/4201L ET55/7001L Brightness The IDS touchmonitors include light that the of the with the light surrounding the The Brightness based the following Thermal Protection (C) Thermal Protection (C) (C) Interactive SW601990 E, of
ET3201L: ET4201L Brightness Brightness Light Light Interactive SW601990 E, of
ET5501/7001L Brightness If the Thermal Protection activated, the Brightness within the forth the section. The IDS touchmonitors the to the with the of service information to the firmware. Brightness Light Light Interactive SW601990 E, of
Chapter Technical If with touchmonitor, to the following If the please or Touch Customer Service. to Common The Touchmonitor when turning the The when turning the the OSD to increase the brightness. the OSD to increase the displays functionality Technical www.elotouch.com/go/websupport www.elotouch.com/go/contactsupport technical this user technical numbers. Troubleshooting that the AC properly connected. the AC functioning. Disconnect the AC and that the Computer properly the AC If the LED the or SLEEP Press the the touchscreen to the reappears. resolution/timing such that within the allowable specified Touchmonitor the www.elotouch.com. or the and and the to the Interactive SW601990 E, of
Chapter To of shock, follow and the touchmonitor or They user-serviceable. or of the The touchmonitor with 3-wire, grounding cord. The fits grounded or the outlet that this cord. the that with Touchmonitor. of unauthorized warranty. that the and within the specified the products the Touch www.elotouch.com. and and 0C to 40C Storage/Transportation -20C to 50C Top of 0C to 35C Non-Operating of -20C to 50C Humidity (non-condensing) to Storage/Transportation to to Storage/Transportation to Interactive SW601990 E, of
and The following performance of touchmonitor: Disconnect the AC cleaning. To the cloth lightly with It that or the the that service technician inspect the the with cloth or that scratch the cleaning the touchscreen, or to clean cloth or apply the directly the touchscreen. or thinner, or other cleaners. Directive (WEEE) This should of with household It should facility that recovery and recycling. recycling of the information these please Interactive SW601990 E, of
Chapter Information I. Information: with to the and indicated the to than those specified operation, to the or fire the There serviceable this There this which Service should service technician. or the there about the to connecting the to II. and Immunity Information Notice to the United States: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and and with the instructions, interference to Notice to This with the Class from as established the Interference Regulations of Notice to the Union: only the cords and interconnecting cabling with the of cords and cabling or CE or immunity as the following This Information (ITE) to CE the which that the tested to the following Directives and This tested to the the CE Interactive SW601990 E, of
as EMC Directive 2004/108/EC as indicated EN Class and the Directive 2006/95/EC as indicated EN Information to Users: This and If and to this the interference with and There however, that interference to factors. to and immunity the user the following: the I/O to this with To only the cord. The that or to the the the authority to the If this appears to interference with or reception, or other as turning the off and If that this causing the interference, to the interference or of the following the from the affected receiver. Reposition (turn) the with to the affected receiver. the affected receivers the AC the and the branch and I/O that the use.(Unterminated I/O of high RF the grounded outlet AC or the ground increase RF and Interactive SW601990 E, of
shock to the If or or technician. III. Agency The following and issued or this VCCI BSMI RCM KC United States FCC, UL CUL, IC CoC CCC EAC CE IV. to Chinese (Administration the of Caused Information Products), the section below the and amount of the toxic and/or that this or and Lead(Pb) Mercury(Hg) Chromium and Assembly LCD Touch PCBA Software (CD, O: Indicates that this toxic or of the homogeneous this below the SJ/T11363-2006. X: Indicates that this toxic or least of the homogeneous this the SJ/T11363-2006. items with X, to EU RoHS. Polybrominated Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBB) Ethers (PBDE) Interactive SW601990 E, of
Explanation of with the SJ/T11364-2006 the information products with the following The this years. The or operating below, that the of this information injury, or to Humidity:20%-80% (non-condensing). Humidity:10%~90% (non-condensing). It and recommended that this and to The should thrown casually.
Warranty Information Interactive SW601990 E, of
www.elotouch.com the Product Information Specifications Upcoming Press releases Software Touch with To about the of www.elotouch.com, or the office North America America 800-ELO-TOUCH Touch CA www.elotouch.com.ar Copyright Touch Inc. rights Interactive SW601990 E, of