USER MANUAL SW602113 C
Table of Read this first Chapter Product Chapter Started Chapter Station Chapter Operation Technical Chapter Product Precautions Station (optional accessory) (optional) Specifications Unpacking the the Battery Charging and/or Battery the Strap the Multi-touch the the Mounting Information Unpacking the Station Instructions Connecting to Peripherals Charging Battery to Common Technical Assistance SW602113 C, of
Chapter Information............................................................. Chapter Warranty Information and Battery and Battery SW602113 C, of
this first the the and information (this section), (Chapter Notice (Chapter and the Warranty Information this This section the and of Please to of the and information To injury, property or to to as the please through of the information this section the operating instructions, to the (this publication). with or heavy as this the of and the subjected to high or crushed heavy the that the or cracks, the or to from the Stop the immediately and technical and/or information. or sealed and user-serviceable, or internal users. internal repairs Elo-authorized facility or Elo-authorized technician. Attempting to or warranty. and charger from or it location where with or other the AC/DC Battery Safety: Warning: incompatible increase the of fire or the with purchased from Touch that to with from other with battery. battery. SW602113 C, of
of include or to to or shock, to and/or other If the from the and/or fire which injury. or with technical and/or information. the battery. charging only: the AC/DC the You recharge the of the following AC/DC connected to AC/DC connected to while mounted station. AC/DC connected to while mounted station. AC/DC connected to while station, with or without mounted station. The AC/DC heat of around the charging the charging of the following The charging to or The charging shows of physical You to the charging the performance or of products or hearing that allows to headphones or earphones to the CAUTION: sound from earphones and headphones hearing of the to increases the earphone and headphone and the sound Therefore, to hearing, the to SW602113 C, of
when vehicle or and the of others. Follow the and might such as while vehicle or to and reaches the of its useful life, crush, or of to and internal that or of incorrectly. Chapter information to of the of its life. and from that to Additionally, the or crack or thrown Protect and software: or the of or that created as this the software from operating properly. that to and other that might software, or It responsibility to that protection the of firewalls, software, and anti-spyware software and them to such as high-powered and microwave from the these the and the the with The with DANGER: from and to of suffocation. of heat heat operation and/or The the amount of activity and the of charge the battery. with through clothing, or burn. or other of with SW602113 C, of
section of the the from its station, please holding the the as the (RF) the and they and (RF) The of wireless restricted or where of RF interference or as Turn off when instructed to or when to To user RF further from (PVC) and WARNING: the this or associated with with this to known to the State of California to and or other SW602113 C, of
Chapter Product This chapter of the including the locations of the and features, specifications, and operating Product Touch performance with the touchscreen and This flow of information and the This incorporates LCD to performance with The HD graphics and and This with to of this Other features that this performance include compatibility, built-in and microphone, and optional that USB, VGA, and interface to the The to the without affecting its factor and without cabling. Optional such as batteries, and purchase from Touch Precautions Follow and as recommended this user to the of and to information This information that the and of the and station. and and station, through this SW602113 C, of
front and back SW602113 C, of
Battery LED Card (SCR) Near Communication (NFC) USB light (yellow) (MSR) cover Front-facing Rear-facing USB cover cover (top) Microphone (built-in) Battery screw LED (built-in) Battery Wireless LED Press the to off the operating the turned off the Next to the LED light that displays: light when the light when the light when the off. Card Card to Features section Chapter information. the Card cover that with to the Card Card cover to and/or and the USB the USB to USB or other Headphones, microphones, and with integrated microphones connected to the the headphones, microphones, and the The distinguishable from the headphones to turning headphones or them ears. SW602113 C, of
the DC of the AC/DC the to and charge the the DC the The distinguishable from the The built and and other cards, to Features section Chapter information. Front-facing front-facing which to or USB cover the USB cover to the USB the cover to the and Microphone (built-in) The built-in microphone sound and when with that of input. LED Flashes when NFC or Card the mounted properly the this with the located the to establish the to Chapter information to the station. The optional purchase from Touch Wireless LED Flashes when the connected to and flashes when the Bluetooth Battery LED This light-emitting SW602113 C, of
light when the battery light when the mounting the the station, the with the to mounting. information to mount the the station, to Near (NFC) Near Communication function, to Features section Chapter information. light The built-in light the of the and allows the brightness to to light These to to the the to the The accessory with that this You the to Rear-facing rear-facing which reading functionality to or the to ease of the The with screws easy user the The the right or to information to the the (top) mounting the the station, the with the to mounting. information to mount the the station, to Chapter Battery Screw SW602113 C, of
the screw to the from the Tighten the screw to the (built-in) The integrated and playback. Battery The Lithium-ion with rating of Wh. information agency of the battery, to Chapter Station (optional accessory) front SW602113 C, of
Wireless LED cover Ethernet LED cover release buttons Battery Screw VGA (top) Ethernet USB release screw *The with of easy If screwdriver or to Press the to off the operating the turned off the The with LED light that displays: light when the light when the light when the off. Wireless LED Flashes when the mounted connected to and flashes when the Bluetooth SW602113 C, of
Ethernet LED Flashes when the mounted connected to Ethernet These mounting the station. and these the located the to mount the to the station. information to mount the the station, to Screw the screw to from the Tighten the screw to the (top) These mounting the station. and these the located the to mount the to the station. information to mount the the station, to Chapter Turn this accordingly to mounted the station. the locked the release release the from the release Press this to the from the station. Turning the to locked this functionality. the mounted properly the this with the located the to establish the to Chapter information to the station. To the the its screw) that with the station. this to charge the The to allow charging of mounted this and mounted the station. cover cover to the USB and VGA located the SW602113 C, of
station. cover the cover properly to the station, this accordingly to the cover the station. You the cover the when the locked information to the cover to the station, to Chapter cover release Press these buttons to the cover from the station. Turning the cover to the locked this functionality. VGA this to VGA the and Ethernet this to the to Ethernet RJ-45 USB the USB to USB or other the DC of the AC/DC to the to charge the and/or the station. screw these to mount the to countertop or other Mounting screws with the station. (optional) The following optional and purchase from Shown parenthesis the Accessory Battery (E840851) the Strap (E697779) the Station cover (E108413) cover SW602113 C, of
the station. (E452058): AC/DC and charging the (E761200) with Station (E518363) with charging location, Ethernet USB and VGA VESA Bracket (E624438) VESA mounting which allow to mount and other with VESA mounts. The VESA mounting with four screws the It with mounting screws. mounting the with VESA mount, four M4 threaded screws. The VESA mounting allows screw of from the mounting Mounting the with VESA mount with screws the N2600 Core options Memory (RAM) Optional VESA mounting to SW602113 C, of
GB DDR3 2GB) GB SSD Chipset NM10 Screen inches) Active Aspect Native LCD VGA DB15 Brightness (typical): LCD With touchscreen: Ratio (typical): PCAP (Projected Capacitive) Touch brightness Thin Transistor (TFT LCD) with LED Integrated Front-facing Rear-facing Connectors USB USB LAN RJ45 (when station) VGA DB15 (when station) features Integrated (MSR) Internal/integrated rear-facing Internal/integrated Card Integrated Near Wireless features band, Bluetooth +HS Near SW602113 C, of
Other microphone English French Spanish Simplified Chinese Traditional Chinese Specifications (W D) Battery Wh AC 120/220V 3.0A Typical to hours 0C to 40.0C (32F to 104F) -20.0C to 60C (4F to 140F) (non-condensing) to to SW602113 C, of
If without to sunshine. or areas, or or areas. Chapter Started Unpacking the To the the that the following items and AC/DC o AC/DC DC o Charger North America, and U.K. Battery the protection bag/cover, and other appropriately. Please to they Press the to the The to that the least hours to the Battery To the the the Tighten the screw to properly the to the The easy and users. Turn off and the the battery. The the screw the back of the the and to the supply, the without turning off the Additional purchase P/N E840851 Charging and/or the AC/DC the release the AC/DC head, and the protective SW602113 C, of
cover that with the AC/DC Select the charger and the AC/DC head hear click. Charging the DC to the the AC/DC head (with the AC The to to charge the optional station. Charging optional station: the its screw. the and the screw to properly the to the station. the DC to the the AC/DC head (with the AC Charging the optional station: Mount the station. to the Instructions section of Chapter the DC to the the AC AC The allows and to The charger (A) from the AC/DC head the release (B) and the the AC/DC head AC and the DC (C) to the yellow or yellow to charge. SW602113 C, of
the Strap The hand easy to/from the shown the hand the right or If to the with hand, the hand screw the top and right (as the back of the the back of the If using right hand to the the screw the top right and (as the back of the located the back of the To the the the such that the screw the with the top screw the back of the them together the screw. the screw the other of the with the screw the back of the them together the screw. highlights the screw located the of the from each other. To the from the the screws from the screw located the back of the holding the with arrows) and holding the with right arrows). screw (A) to to top screw located the back of the SW602113 C, of
the Multi-touch Screen This section instructions to the of the below as whether the or action the software Touch the with to or type text using the operating acts click. Touch and Touch and or the action operating and acts right click. To item such as and the and the to the location, and then off the or or the to through thumbnails, together the as something to reduce the of or the to the of or Editing To or Select the text and to the To and the and Select the Selected text highlighted. Touch and the highlighted and Copy or the The to the To Touch and the where to the text that or copied. the to the SW602113 C, of
the numbers, and other characters to type the text field to the onscreen and then the to type. the To the the and the with the to accomplish actions such as and and the instead of the following and input, such as or handwriting too the when If to free from If and to type The with that the located the of the to below instructions). using the the If to the frequently, the to the to to the section Chapter the location of the and SW602113 C, of
To unauthorized and to when operating (WES protection items options The three features processing. It includes (MSR), (SCR) and (NFC) functionality. To the the and the screw (A) and the (B). (C) to the and the screw (A) back to the the (D) the when SW602113 C, of
(MSR) type of of of the The or reading head. The of reading three these known as and Track typically the and often isn't physically the of Point-of-sale track or track and both, The account information to both tracks. Track higher inch and the that alphabetic and hence the that the Card (SCR) The of reading or integrated (ICC) of with integrated The SCR of reading EMV MasterCard, cards. Near Communication (NFC) Near (NFC) of smartphones and to establish with each other touching them together or them proximity, usually than and include and Communication NFC and NFC The NFC covered and and based existing (RFID) including ISO/IEC and The include ISO/IEC and those the NFC SW602113 C, of
The that information and allows users to or the functionality of and in-built the factory-installed operating the the Dashboard: of the the (as shown clicking their Touch or the to the of SW602113 C, of
Application this to the functionality of the front that what the front this the this or click: to the front to the Record to recording the front Stop Recording to recording the to the or photo, the and to which the to displayed Touch or to back to the Dashboard. of SW602113 C, of
Application Rear this to the functionality of the that shows what the this the displayed this Touch or click: to the to the Record to recording the Stop Recording to recording the to the or photo, the and to which the to displayed Touch or to back to the Dashboard. Rear of to on/off the flash LED located to the to on/off the LED located to the SW602113 C, of
Application Info: This summary of the information of the Touch or to back to the Dashboard. Info of SW602113 C, of
Application this to that the (light the and (when functioning properly. Touching or clicking the On and (when the properly Touching or clicking the off and (when the properly Touch or the to the to function back as these to manually on/off Touch or to back to the Dashboard. of SW602113 C, of
Application MSR: this to the swiped, this what the MSR reads off of the Touch or to back to the Dashboard. MSR of SW602113 C, of
Application This displays the of the whether or Touch or to back to the Dashboard. of SW602113 C, of
Application NFC: this to the Near Communication (NFC) NFC this the to (ATR) information of the or that the NFC to NFC to off. Touch or to back to the Dashboard. this off the NFC NFC of SW602113 C, of
Application Accelerometer: This displays the readings of the The reads of the of G. (G Touch or to readings. or Stop to Touch or to back to the Dashboard. of SW602113 C, of
Application Card: this to the Card (SCR). the this what the SCR reads off of the Touch or the EMV to information EMV and Card. Touch or MPCOS to the MPCOS Card. Touch or to back to the Dashboard. Card of SW602113 C, of
Application Light this to the readings of the built-in light Touch or the to the reading of the light (amount of light that reaches the light of the instantaneous reading. field the highest reading the touched or clicked. field the lowest reading the touched or clicked. Press the Stop to the reading. Touch or to back to the Dashboard. Light of SW602113 C, of
Application This the readings of the this field to the milliseconds) readings the these to which readings to Touch or to back to the Dashboard. Rotation The below the the of the Touching or clicking this or the features. This Rotation when the and Rotation off when the off. of Rotation when the SW602113 C, of
Chapter Station Mounting Information The optional purchase P/N E518363 The and interfaces to such as The and to allow the and/or to charge the Unpacking the Station To the station: the that the following items and the protection and other Please to they The ready with the Instructions To the the station: the with the such that the top with top and the with the as shown below. mounting of the to the station, the Dock-Tablet to with the while the top and to the top and the respectively. that the of the the front of the and the the hear click. The properly the station. with cover AC/DC AC/DC DC Charger North America, and U.K. easy of and cover lock. SW602113 C, of
Mounting the the station. (A) top with top (B) with SW602113 C, of
Connecting to Peripherals the properly the station, the and the and interfaces the station. To these and interfaces: the the cover release buttons while the cover the and the cover from the station. the AC/DC to the to charge the and/or the station. the VGA to to the the USB to to the the cover back the (as shown below) hear to the cover. The cover through which through. cover the locked the cover properly to the station. that the cover the the cover back to the station. the back cover back the SW602113 C, of
To turn the and off, the once. the the station, then the and off using the the station. To the follow the operating off To abruptly off the and of the the off. the that and off the the the battery. LED the and that functions to the following The when SLEEP and OFF If of off to specifications, to technical the www.elotouch.com. The and the the below: 0.15~0.35A to the to the option instead of You options to the of LED OFF OFF SLEEP BLINKING ON ON SW602113 C, of
the The to of inactivity, To manually the that Touch from the This the the of the touching selecting the option. This the To the to the SW602113 C, of
the the of inactivity the or off, and the to (both when the or when its battery), To other options, the option touching or clicking advanced option the The allows to the of inactivity the or off, and the to SW602113 C, of
The US EPA recommends to to of inactivity. To the to to of inactivity. The the inactivity to the The when Graphics-intensive the from and should should allow software to the from to It however, to this allowing to when they The the wer-button-on-your-computer from touching the to or the once the of It to This creating To Touch the the search Touch or from the search The appear. the touching selecting This the search and from the search SW602113 C, of
the the the the From and whether to allow the to only when the to with highest to the the and touching selecting New. the which to the Click OK. Touch or to the SW602113 C, of
to the Conditions the and the the to this option. You then least action the to file-downloading To the without option to the to with the This Command Prompt and immediately effectively nothing. It to the from Remote LAN the that allows to remotely, and often to remotely. the LAN the To this Network and This touching selecting the then Network and the search and Touch located the of the Right the which to the New the the to this option the SW602113 C, of
Touch This the Wireless Network Touch On the the Allow the to off this to to the the Allow this to the to LAN. allow to the to LAN Touch OK. that ARP and NS offloads, to only Charging Battery the AC/DC Touch to the and its battery. The charging threshold, and only charge once it below this threshold The threshold of the to Once the below this threshold the back to The LED that shows the charging of the battery. This light light when the light when the the that the to recommended to recharge the to least To charge the least months. played the internal headphones the the internal off and played the headphones. microphones the the internal microphone off. SW602113 C, of
Chapter Technical If with to the following If the please or Touch Customer Service. to Common The when turning the with or AC/DC connected Technical Assistance technical to the of this information Troubleshooting that the AC/DC properly connected or that the charged. the AC functioning. the battery, battery, and If the LED the SLEEP Press the to the reappears. SW602113 C, of
To of shock, follow and the The user-serviceable. or of the The and with AC/DC AC/DC the AC/DC Touch the and station. of unauthorized AC/DC warranty. that the and within the specified below. to operating and 0C to 40C -20C to 60C (non-condensing): to to to SW602113 C, of
and The following performance of the cleaning. To the touchscreen), or microfiber cloth lightly with It that or the the that service technician inspect the the with cloth or that scratch the cleaning the touchscreen, or to cloth. apply the directly the touchscreen or or thinner, or other cleaners. Battery and Please follow these to of the battery: batteries, please and to and international that Lithium-ion shipments. and/or to and Short-circuiting when electrically electrically the terminals of battery. the battery, to the battery. or battery. only. from fire. from This should of with household It should facility that recovery and recycling. that the of its useful to and regulations. recycling of the world. information these please SW602113 C, of
Battery The rechargeable Lithium-ion battery. the of its to and SW602113 C, of
Chapter Information I. Information with to the and indicated the to than those specified operation, to the or fire the followed. There serviceable this There this which Service should service technician. or the there about the to connecting the to II. and Immunity Information Notice to the United States: This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to with the Class to of FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the to from that to which the connected. the or technician or the SW602113 C, of
to this would the authority to this This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 This with Industry RSS to the following this interference, and this interference, including interference that of the CNR tout Notice to This with the Class from as established the Interference Regulations of Notice to the Union: only the cords and interconnecting cabling with the of cords and cabling or CE or immunity as the following This Information (ITE) to CE the which that the tested to the following Directives and This tested to the the CE as EMC Directive 2004/108/EC as indicated EN Class and the Directive 2006/95/EC as indicated EN Information to Users: This and If and to this the interference with and There however, that interference to factors. to and immunity the the following: the I/O to this with To the cord. The user cautioned that or to the SW602113 C, of
If this appears to interference with or reception, or other turning the off and If that If or or technician. III. Absorption Rate US FCC IC: and receiver. It to the to waves the (FCC) and Industry (IC). These include to the of of age and health. The of known as the Absorption or SAR, to the amount of the The United States and the allowable SAR to SAR conducted operating with the its highest tested The highest measured SAR the FCC and IC testing the the authority to the this causing the interference, try to the interference using or of the following I. the from the affected receiver. II. Reposition (turn) the with to the affected receiver. III. the affected receivers IV. the AC outlet the and the branch V. Disconnect and I/O that the (Unterminated I/O of high RF VI. the grounded outlet AC or the ground increase RF and shock to the BODY SAR Bluetooth: SW602113 C, of
the SAR usually below this This because, of and to interference the the operating of when the wireless The the of the the its SAR If further reducing RF then easily or to the further from the Union: The SAR recommended The Council of the Union This SAR below the EU with the following highest measured SAR the EU testing The and Bluetooth with the Absorption Rate (SAR) as specified EN EN and EN respectively. IV. EC R&TTE Directive This conforms to the of Directive 1999/5/EC. The conformity to and [IV] of Directive 1999/5/EC with the of the following Inc. P.O. BOX Newberry, (Notified The technical Touch Inc. CA USA SAR, Bluetooth: SW602113 C, of
V. Agency The following and issued or the and the station: Union CE United States FCC IC United States and UL The following and issued or battery: United States and UL Union CE UN of and III, subsection (Lithium The to with IP-54 protection and protected splash from that the Card properly the Card SW602113 C, of
Chapter Warranty Information warranty information, to SW602113 C, of
www.elotouch.com the Product Information Specifications Upcoming Press releases Software Touch with To about the of www.elotouch.com, or the office North America CA The information this to without Inc. and its (collectively or with to the and specifically warranties of merchantability or the right to this publication and to from to the hereof without obligation of to of such revisions or of this publication reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or including, to, or otherwise without written of Touch Inc. the Touch TouchSystems, AccuTouch, CarrollTouch, and of Touch Inc. and its affiliates. other and of their owners. First Edition Copyright Touch Inc. rights 800-ELO-TOUCH www.elotouch.com.cn SW602113 C, of America www.elotouch.com