USER MANUAL Touch 3243L Touchmonitors 4243L Touchmonitors SW601960
of this publication reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or including, to, or otherwise without written of Touch Inc. The information this to without Touch Inc. and its Afffiliates (collectively or with to the and specifically warranties of merchantability or the right to this and to from to the hereof without of to of such revisions or Acknowledgments AccuTouch, CarrollTouch, SecureTouch, TouchTools and of and its Affiliates. of Microsoft Corporation. Copyright Touch Inc. Rights 43L SW601960 B, of
Table of Chapter Introduction Chapter Chapter Mounting Chapter Technical Chapter Chapter Information Chapter Warranty Information 43L SW601960 B, of
Chapter Introduction Product touchmonitor the performance of Touch products with the and This of of information and the touchmonitor. This touchmonitor incorporates active thin-film-transistor LCD to high performance. Its HD of graphics and Its LED backlight significantly reduces and mercury to CCFL-backlit Other that this LCD performance and on-screen (OSD) Follow and as recommended this user to the of and to user the chapter information. This information that the and of the and touchmonitor, through this the Installation, and 43L SW601960 B, of
Chapter Unpacking the Touchmonitor the and that the following items Touchmonitor CD Mounting VGA HDMI (ETX243L-XXWA only) DVI (ETX243L-XXAA only) USB ETX243L-0NXX International information 43L SW601960 B, of
Connector Interfaces DVI or HDMI only. Touchmonitor from to the VGA the screws performance. the USB the USB and USB (Not Touch the to the input and the AC The touchmonitor the ON 43L SW601960 B, of
Chapter Mounting Mounting Information The OSD text rotated and through the OSD to mounting Bracket Mount Threaded the of the mounting the ET3243L 43L SW601960 B, of
4243L 43L SW601960 B, of
Rear VESA Mount ET3243L Monitors: four-hole mounting M6 screws the of the The VESA counting coded: VESA MIS-F, the 4243L four-hole mounting M6 screws the of the The VESA counting coded: VESA MIS-F, to www.elotouch.com 43L SW601960 B, of
Chapter To turn the touchmonitor or off, the touchmonitor the OSD once. The LED the OSD functions to the following TouchMonitor/Computer LED The when SLEEP and OFF specifications, to technical specifications the www.elotouch.com. Touching the the attached PC of SLEEP to the or To and reduce wasteful the AC from the when of Touch touchmonitor factory-calibrated and the input to the or the to to Touchscreen connected to computers, the touchmonitor touches. The touchscreen to through the function the The from the OFF OFF SLEEP PULSING ON ON 43L SW601960 B, of
The they the touchscreen To monitors, the shortcut to the Touchscreen Select to monitors. Follow the that to both The that and to the Microsoft the that 43L SW601960 B, of
its and height of Generally, performance, this when matches this of the the to its This stretching or the input as the X- and to the of the algorithms of when the the to the This of when feature-rich containing small-font touchmonitor VGA graphic outputs through the OSD to the of the touchmonitors displayed These the touchmonitor. Also, to reduce the the correctly and displays of the industrys to the technical specifications this of these On-Screen (OSD) OSD located wired These to 43L SW601960 B, of
The buttons and their functionality Function when OSD displayed: Function when OSD displayed: OSD to OSD Increase of selected OSD Brightness item Decrease of selected OSD item Select Select to the OSD buttons on-screen graphical user interface which displays top of input allowing of the following brightness. Brightness performance Allows of the clock. Clock VGA input Allows of the clock phase. Phase VGA input Automatically the clock to the input VGA affecting the Clock, and Phase items. VGA input the the centered. VGA input the vertically the centered. VGA input Switches the Scaling and Aspect Scaling Scaling the X- and of the input or as to the To Aspect Ratio and input with aspect ratio than the of the input or as to the and the to the input aspect ratio (and the of the with the and right). The touchscreen when switching Aspect Ratio options. Aspect Ratio sharpness of the Sharpness sharpness input 43L SW601960 B, of
Selects the The 9300K, 7500K, 6500K, 5500K, and If the option selected, the the R, G, and from to with R, G, and to OSD the location of the OSD the H-Position centered. OSD the location of the OSD the centered. of OSD inactivity the touchmonitor closing the OSD. The and seconds. seconds OSD Timeout Selects which the OSD information The English, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, and English. OSD Selects the touchmonitor mounting and to match physical orientation. This the of the OSD text OSD Rotation Selecting factory OSD and Preset The continually active the VGA, DVI, and HDMI This selects which of those input should to displayed. The options VGA Priority, HDMI ETX243L-XXWA or VGA Priority, DVI Priority ETX243L-XXAA HDMI ETX243L-XXWA or DVI Priority ETX243L-XXAA Source touchmonitor through the OSD as as they This from to choices every the touchmonitor or off and If there the touchmonitor to the factory specifications. OSD and Press and the and buttons seconds to the OSD the OSD of the Down, or Select the Press and the and Down buttons seconds to the the the switch the 43L SW601960 B, of
Chapter Technical If with touchmonitor, to the following If the please or Touch Customer Service. to Common The touchmonitor when that the properly connected. turning the the OSD to increase the brightness. the OSD to increase the PC the functionality the with the The OSD buttons or to the OSD or functions when Troubleshooting If the LED the or SLEEP Press the the touchscreen to the reappears. that the turned that that there resolution/timing to within the allowable touchmonitor specifications) to within the allowable specified touchmonitor specifications) the function the OSD 43L SW601960 B, of
www.elotouch.com/products technical this www.elotouch.com/go/websupport www.elotouch.com/go/contactsupport technical this user technical numbers. 43L SW601960 B, of
Chapter To of shock, follow and the touchmonitor. They user-serviceable. that to the specified the Technical Specifications chapter. and The following touchmonitor functioning the AC cleaning. To the cloth lightly with It that or the If service the with cloth or that scratch the To the touchscreen, or to cloth or apply the directly to the or thinner, or other cleaners. 43L SW601960 B, of
Directive (WEEE) This should of with household It should facility that recovery and recycling. 43L SW601960 B, of
Information I. Information: with to the and indicated the to than those specified operation, to the or fire the There serviceable this There this which Service should only service technician. or the there about the to connecting the to II. and Immunity Information Notice to the United States: This tested and found to with the Class to of FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and and with the instructions, interference to Notice to This with the Class from as established the Interference Regulations of Notice to the Union: the and interconnecting cabling with the of and cabling or CE or as the following This Information (ITE) to CE the which that the tested to the following Directives and This tested to the the CE 43L SW601960 B, of
as EMC Directive 2004/108/EC as indicated EN Class and the Directive 2006/95/EC as indicated EN Information to Users: This and If and to this the interference with and There however, that interference to factors. to and the the following: the I/O to this with To the cord. The that or to the the the authority to the If this appears to interference with or reception, or other as turning the off and If that this causing the interference, try to the interference using or of the following the from the affected receiver. Reposition (turn) the with to the affected receiver. the affected receivers the AC outlet the and the branch and I/O that the use.(Unterminated I/O of high RF the grounded AC or the ground crease RF and shock to the If or or technician. 43L SW601960 B, of
III. Agency The following and issued or this RCM CUL, IC CCC CE IV. RoHS to Chinese (Administration the of Caused Information Products), the section below the and amount of the toxic and/or that this or and Lead(Pb) Mercury(Hg) Chromium and Assembly LCD Touch PCBA Software (CD, O: Indicates that this toxic or of the homogeneous this below the SJ/T11363-2006. X: Indicates that this toxic or least of the homogeneous this the SJ/T11363-2006. items with X, to EU RoHS. VCCI KCC, CoC EAC BSMI United States FCC, UL Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBB) Polybrominated Ethers (PBDE) 43L SW601960 B, of
Explanation of with the SJ/T11364-2006 the information products with the following The this years. The or operating below, that the of this information injury, or to Humidity:20%-80% (non-condensing). Humidity:10%~90% (non-condensing). It and recommended that this and to The should thrown casually. V. Specifications 240VAC, 2.5A 0C 40C Humidity: to (non-condensing) to Conditions: -20C 60C Humidity: to (non-condensing) to 43L SW601960 B, of
Chapter Warranty Information as otherwise stated or acknowledgment to warrants to that the Product free of and workmanship. The warranty the touchmonitors and their (three) years. warranty the of and from to the as Products or writing promptly (and than thirty discovery) of the of Product to to the warranty forth reasonable such the associated with such and to the opportunity to inspect such Products as The received the Warranty such otherwise directed writing the Within thirty such the Product its or functional and to and Within reasonable of the Product and that the Product to the warranty forth such by, options, or the Product or the Product. or and the of the Product with to bear the of or and the Product. incurred Product found to or of Products option, or If to or Product to to the warranty forth then option, to or credit to account the purchase of the Product straight-line stated Warranty These the breach of warranty. the warranty forth other warranties, or or otherwise, the products, their their their merchantability, their or otherwise. of or other authorized to warranty the other than the warranty forth the warranty to of the purchase of the the of or of or indirect, or the and to and from relating to the of the Products and of or and the of of the Products with and and responsibility warranty and other relating to or from products, which include or incorporate Products or or and and the Products or authorized and from or (including reasonable to products or or concerning 43L SW601960 B, of
www.elotouch.com the Product Information Specifications Upcoming Press releases Software Touch with To about the of www.elotouch.com, or the office North America Touch CA 800-ELO-TOUCH www.elotouch.com.cn America www.elotouch.com 43L SW601960 B, of