Multi-touch Touch CA Release July Supported OS: XP 2012R2 Supported Touch iTouch (SAW) (SAW) (SAW) (SAW) AccuTouch CarrollTouch (IR) Touch AccuTouch Touch IR Capacitive to Supported Chinese Simplified Chinese Traditional English French INSTALLATION AND REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS The user account to the
the and with the process. Uninstallation the and choose and Features. Select to Touch the command as and to the of the (where located). To below: the Uninstallation the as and to the of the Touch the options To option, type If single-touch preferred, follow the below: the and the Common the and the EloOptions.ini the EnableOneTouch from to and the this This EloOptions.ini the If of to follow the below: the and the Common the and the EloOptions.ini the from to section, and the
This the the The the the of the installation. This the background and when the from the or manually from the The following of each of the buttons located the Touch Service Select this option to Touch Service reported. Applicable of service Touch This using Microsofts screen(s) The Microsoft users and to input to the
The to touching the and "Retry" buttons. The then the selecting or Retry the advanced Touch Properties the calibrated. the from from the Touch directory Touch
Properties of each connected (and such as to this information, users the to and Also this the following three advanced Cursor Edge (CEA) The Cursor Edge to increase the of the This option allows to of the that would otherwise the of the that CEA the calibrated.
To CEA, the "Select and the The of CEA once of the Increase/Decrease CEA buttons, or individually of the each CEA their The the option to CEA and fast). The user Apply closing/exiting of the to To CEA, the Turn off CEA This function the of the the This when there to the that this function the calibrated. this option to the selected If the calibrated, the instead of Preference This option only and when to the and its selected. Clicking the the allowing the to four types: of and that Apply selected to exiting the applied. approach the onboard supported). the might that to onboard and this the to option EloOptions.ini the
section the "DriverCalibration" to to the this to Common shared such as Touch the and Touch which sound with the The user the option to or each of the following through If user the sound option, the option to choose to played instead of the Motherboard through the internal motherboard With this option selected, the user the option to the and Duration through Touch The Touch three options: Click that the click initiated with the Click release that the click initiated the release of with the that click initiated the and allows the and/or the to that of
the the when the the the when the The Apply to Clicking without clicking Apply Spanned The option when the If the this option the option clicking the Touch the to the of and the this information the OK and to each the This allows the to areas, or the where or The of To Click the brought The titled options and allows users to existing The other which title to
The user this to and its and It specified the whether or the If the chooses to touch only within each Touch of To the from the To the Click the the This with the seconds. the the and to input. the seconds, and the user to or existing To the with title to and to Click the previously shown as flashing, To existing To the Selected the group. Select the of the the then To and allow to the the Then, the About The About the information, and copyright information. the About to where and information products, and which as both and this
Instructions The following as functionality with to PMQ including information of the ICE ANSWER and the PMQ the following from Distribution to the ANSWER \FeaturePack\Application Support\COM OLE Application \FeaturePack\Devices and Printers\Device \FeaturePackser Interface\Tablet PC From the of ICE, or the manually. There to the The to as follows: Download the from and to downloaded). The following created. Copy to $OEM$ Distribution creating the following the (\$OEM$\$1\ the directory \DS\$OEM$ back to ICE. $OEM$ Distribution Right-click and Path. From the of ICE, [Synchronous Command] the following USB APR or From the of ICE, IBW From Select bootable USB as the the Click [OK]. the with this USB and follow the of IBW the first this USB or the BIOS to from the (PID with than the touchscreen to touches the or 1-inch of the that the
to then to If the the (located the to the Installation/Uninstallation from Interface Devices>, "USB IDs shows Right-click <USB and follow these Software... software from of Click the to the location of and choose Choose the Touch Touchscreen 2515U IT Click "Next" to the installation. and through choose Touch Touch Screen USB HID MT Collection. Uninstallation To from the right-click Touch Touch Screen USB HID MT Collection", and Uninstall. Touch Touch Screen 2515U IT You to manually refresh the choose "Scan to the to It while the "USB and to restored. Commands specify commands EloOptions.ini to to the whenever loaded. This to using USB or (RS-232) interface with Format of the Command EloOptions.ini: Specify Commands section Commands]. commands this section each loaded. This when the or USB interface, when the USB Command Below of to numbers): my_ss_command the "my_ss_command" the this of commands. The of each Command DECIMAL
and HEX or CHARs. The the Command. Command There to the of commands that Commands the Commands] section, Commands to the when the loaded. with The with to as the The consisted of with/without With the the Common to appear the to the of and of the the of three the and the this information warning which the Please from the and the about seconds, the or the If the shortly and lightly, warning appear. History of Release to USB to allow Release turned off Release motherboard (both and (dual-touch) and (four-touches). user commands or to allow user to Touch once touched, the should completed that Incorrect showed Property the IT2701 about of
Release New previous applied. or both). Release Correct the Correct Release and IDS option to of touches to the of EnableOneTouch section this to HID (PID COACH-3 exiting of the IOCTL and API to USB rejection commands EloOptions.ini when USB loads. Updated and Release XP with SP3). New approach the PreCal to options selecting Updated Reduced Release with XY swapped/rotated. MS warning XP required. 6-Touch IR count). XP. of touch-to-display and Release USB the or rebooted. options to instead of
Correct the shown the property both and options to of touches (please IDS incorrect incorrect Release the firmware then apply onboard or to firmware from the iProduct field IDS: VCP Release warning monitors. of where 2500S the continuously prompted to their monitor(s) to confirmed to with