ELSA MicroLink TM
ELSA AG, (Germany) While the information this with of characteristics. ELSA only to the specified the of and The and of the and software with this and the of its to written authorization from ELSA. the right to that as the of technical ELSA DIN EN ISO certified. The accredited TV CERT authority confirmed ELSA conformity to the ISO issued NT other or of their respective owners. The ELSA of ELSA AG. to without technical or ELSA AG October and Microsoft of Microsoft, ELSA, Inc. CA USA
Thank this ELSA With the ELSA MicroLink chosen that the to the with and permanently. The highest and the high and This the following Introducing the ELSA MicroLink and and functions Technical basics Technical reference services to around the clock should the topics this or further the section to The KnowledgeBase of information. firmware, and The KnowledgeBase found the CD. the
Introducing the ELSA MicroLink The ELSA MicroLink the What the or The highlights of the ELSA MicroLink timesalways More than CE conformity and FCC and Steps............................................................................................................. Preparations..................................................................................................... as as router................................................................................. the workstation or The Alternatively: the DHCP Starting ELSA commands What's the Trace New firmware with This to software SNMP Accessing and SNMP The Information (MIB) and Security protection Access TCP/IP ELSA English
VI English ELSA Security LAN............................................................................................ Encryption TCP/IP The (NAT, PAT) IP routing............................................................................................................... The IP routing routing with IP RIP routing IP (NAT, PAT)............................................................................ DNS forwarding with DHCP..................................................... The DHCP The DHCP DHCP 'off' or the assigned?................................................................... Technical basics Access.............................................................................................................. the network Network technology.............................................................................................. The and its of IP IP routing and hierarchical IP through Technical Warranty Declaration of conformity..................................................................................... of the options Status/Operating-time..................................................................................... Status/Current-time......................................................................................... Status/cable-statistics..................................................................................... Status/LAN-statistics statistics Status/TCP-IP-statistics...................................................................................
Status/IP-router-statistics statistics.................................................................................... Status/Queue-statistics................................................................................... Status/MCNS-statistics................................................................................... Status/DHCP-client-statistics.......................................................................... Setup/IP-router-module Firmware............................................................................................................. Other ELSA VII English
VIII English ELSA
Introducing the ELSA MicroLink the the ELSA MicroLink The of the to which connected offer services or information. This chapter the and of the the and the characteristics and that fast, The of the ELSA MicroLink the following sections and with the of the the 'Workshop'. The 'router', as the of the to the router of ELSA MicroLink The ELSA MicroLink the This section the It covers the and What the would first to with the You of as the front Introducing the ELSA MicroLink ELSA MicroLink
Introducing the ELSA MicroLink This LED flashes once when the supply switched the self-test, ON flashing light or the and the LED This LED shows that the stand-by The ELSA MicroLink with the this there active to the other the and the LAN this These the of the interface to the The and the phases of the through offering troubleshooting information. The of the ELSA MicroLink Unit switched off, supply and flashing of (flashing light ready The ELSA MicroLink switched to this the function of the switch and then actuating this switch the rear of the from the to the from the Cable-Sync The found which with the headend. The and the and the completed and the confirmed the hea- The ready to with the this SYNC What achieved What the trying to off off search with 64/256QAM off QAM FEC off FEC TRC off TRC DHCP DHCP ToD ToD
These the LAN from the to the LAN received from the LAN LAN to LAN established and ready the whole thing around and the rear. the Connector the TV (CATV) switchperforms Factory buttonthe factory holding this seconds 10Base-T switch supply switch Introducing the ELSA MicroLink ELSA MicroLink
Introducing the ELSA MicroLink Shared Throughput, capacity ELSA MicroLink or Please the of the switch when the to the LAN: the factory the switch to this the acts as It this only connected to directly to the of the switch to to the to directly to workstation. this the and the crossed. the LED to the switch correctly. The highlights of the ELSA MicroLink The that with and ISDN routers. To of ELSA MicroLink should know the and characteristics which the the of the Downstream to the of from the to the the This asymmetrical users information from the than they to to downstream; reach to This performance shared to connected to the section, however. This to as the of The the constantly high Also, that the the certainly to the of The the option of the or offering with each. Please further information rates and
Backbone to the Backbone The the and the which the accessed. The the to backbone. The of this the which The backbone become bottleneck of to and the to the timesalways One of the of the of the While to established as required, section permanently with the The of the stations that other to of The of this Immediate of information to directlynot when To and about connecting to leased to the If to and the More than Together with the stations, the or business) and the high throughputsand using such to access, this of other options the of information service or to the of the The that to the with their restriction to around further Introducing the ELSA MicroLink ELSA MicroLink
Introducing the ELSA MicroLink Proxy Every from the the section this of the the the If another the the the directly without to the first. ELSA MicroLink Network of this to to the This accomplished that to from the These then information services such as the of information and and onessentially, everything that of to the that might the Proxy The to to the These the of information from the This considerably. when information to such as the such the of the the of or incorrect. If this to please with whether they Clicking the Refresh the information directly from the however.
CE conformity and FCC CE This tested and found to with the of the Council Directive the of the of the relating to (89/336/EEC) to EN and EN55024. FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the (FCC) to the following This interference, and This inteference received, including interference that operation. The FCC ID of this KJGMLCABLE. CE and FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and It with and with the instructions. there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception (this turning this off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the this and the receiver. the to outlet other than that to which the connected. or technician. To comply with the FCC Class computing shielded The the that or to the the the authority to the Introducing the ELSA MicroLink ELSA MicroLink
Introducing the ELSA MicroLink ELSA MicroLink
and The of this chapter to as as please that the of the ELSA MicroLink supply Twisted-pair LAN WAN or CD ELSA and Computers to connected to the using this the following operating that the TCP/IP such as NT OS/2, or NT and CD-ROM the which would to the ELSA software. Ethernet TCP/IP and bound to the to ELSA MicroLink to the ELSA software and the The then ready to or to the If this too or with the technical further information this such as of the and its of the software, This to connected to the broadband TV The the or the and ELSA MicroLink English
and English ELSA MicroLink the through the supply Onto the the to the twisted Please the of the switch: the when the to Switch to when the directly to workstation. The to the the ELSA MicroLink to the TV the or the and through the TV with the MCNS C The to the TV This and as required. off Switch the the back. The LED the front lights self-test. The 'LAN LED that the correctly connected to the LAN and that the switch correctly If this LED the of the switch. If the LED light there with the or the cabling. Software The ELSA software or NT to the as or to other applications. Alternatively, the from other TCP/IP Solaris). the TCP/IP the ELSA the that to the If the insertion of the CD, the ELSA MicroLink and follow the instructions the the ELSA MicroLink The first ELSA the the TCP/IP network and immediately the router with ELSA the to and through the
We're that the and software, to without bothering with technical the following to ELSA MicroLink the applicationswithout bothering with the whys and wherefores. the that should the of the as and IP router. Further information the and router found the chapter. Preparations The based the TCP/IP The the (workstations, routers, IP the therefore the TCP/IP and assigned IP IP manually permanently each or assigned DHCP such DHCP and the ELSA MicroLink this using the assignment of IP DHCP The DHCP when the as router the integrated DHCP of the ELSA MicroLink used. The following of the operating to with ELSA MicroLink the TCP/IP the the assignment of IP DHCP the workstations the that section to the workstation computers' the back of this chapter. as Bridge the the ELSA MicroLink this the IP and that workstations the directly to the the from the the as that already to the It's to about the assignment of IP The their IP directly from the DHCP of the and ELSA MicroLink English
and English ELSA MicroLink with TV ELSA MicroLink DHCP as this only connected to the the ELSA MicroLink however, connected to the ELSA MicroLink the ELSA clicking ELSA Click the the ELSA MicroLink the to the If using New the IP or which the to the 'Bridge' section and the option 'Bridge' the to the 'TCP/IP' section and the 'Router' the 'IP Router' option. the DHCP of ELSA MicroLink the 'DHCP as as the 'IP function the the with OK IP assignment MCNS/ DOCSIS workstation LAN
The ELSA MicroLink browser, and off the with whole of If only the with while this the of connected computers. Either to increase the or ELSA MicroLink as router (with DHCP and IP If necessary, to the of the and the as router to the ELSA MicroLink as IP router. this the ELSA MicroLink to the IP of the with the The of with the with this The DHCP and IP functions with the of IP the LAN. IP assignment with TV ELSA MicroLink DHCP as router with DHCP this connected to the ELSA MicroLink and to the however, connected directly to the ELSA MicroLink ELSA clicking ELSA and IP assignment MCNS/ DOCSIS workstation LAN ELSA MicroLink English
and English ELSA MicroLink to to to other TCP/IP first IP the LAN (LAN-IP Click the the to the If New the IP or which the previously Switch to the 'TCP/IP' section and the the LAN IP and the associated If IP from the with the You thereby the that the DHCP the other the If IP the the LAN, to the from the previously. On the 'Router' the 'IP Router' option. On the the 'IP function. This the IP from the This protects from and conflicts with other that the internally IP and IP to the 'DHCP' and the DHCP to This the the IP The ELSA MicroLink the otherwise.
then to the 'Bridge' section and the option 'Bridge' the the with OK The ELSA MicroLink ready router and off the with whole of If necessary, to the of the and the This the workstations that the or of the that the workstation or the workstation and to the the TCP/IP and the router, this already TCP/IP TCP/IP clicking Network Select 'Microsoft' and 'TCP/IP' Network IP DHCP) to workstations to IP Network TCP/IP IP IP existing DNS and the 'Gateway' and 'DNS and the 'DNS' option. the workstation DHCP the and allow the to IP and IP using DHCP) If to DHCP should IP workstation computers: Network TCP/IP IP Specify IP IP from The workstations assigned the to the ELSA MicroLink the with the that the the ELSA MicroLink DOS and the If to this the and ELSA MicroLink English
and English ELSA MicroLink Assign IP router with activated IP only. conflicts with other users when using router without IP or Specifying the and the DNS using DHCP) the LAN IP of the ELSA MicroLink as the and (DNS the workstations: Network TCP/IP Gateway and DNS You specify the DNS the of the PC reasons of consistency, which, the as the user Checking the IP the IP of the or selecting other information, the IP assigned to the the DHCP and the conveyed the DNS and
ELSA with software which of the already It nevertheless to information and them to These as of the process. This section the and to the and the ELSA firmware with features, to the software. The allows the or LAN to the router. this the router as from the WAN or LAN restricted or completely the IP the of with operating or the ELSA ELSA with You releases from TCP/IP or TFTP to or ELSA The TCP/IP therefore the and IP which then when that to the IP XXX.XXX.XXX.254, which the the LAN. If the such as then to the router If with the XXX.XXX.XXX.254 already active the with this IP the LAN IP as as established to ELSA or Alternatively: the DHCP If absolutely that the IP manually, the DHCP this automatically. the DHCP the IP the assigned chapter Administration with DHCP'). ELSA MicroLink English
English ELSA MicroLink Starting ELSA the the ELSA clicking ELSA the ELSA searches the ELSA MicroLink the or the with to initiate search manually. ELSA then location to search. You to specify the using the and then off. Once ELSA finished its search, displays of the found, together with their and the IP and its Double-clicking the the highlighted and then clicking the or the option reads the and displays the information. The of the operation self-explanatory or covered the You the top right or right-click to with the from DOS then establish with the the IP the of the specified to the commands from the Commands' section
commands commands and the DOS or UNIX using or to the or backslash to the specifications. You to write commands and The the MENU, VALUE, TABLE, TABINFO, ACTION and INFO while and You the following commands to this: This this instance: or text <MENU>, the of MENU, dir/status/wan-statistics displays the <VALUE> or <TABLE> VALUE or TABLE WAN statistics <MENU> or <TABLE> Switches to the MENU or TABLE (or se/tc switches to the TCP/IP <VALUE> This the VALUE. IP <VALUE> which specified <VALUE> the the tion AACHEN. <ACTION> the ACTION /firmware/firmware-upload to specified, the of firmware. to specified. The there first. The then and each with <ACTION> Repeats the ACTION of the of seconds specified. to terminate the repetition. the and the the currently supported: English english) terminated. the unchanged. AACHEN assigns the 'AACHEN' to the dir/status/wan-statistics the WAN statistics every seconds ELSA MicroLink English
English ELSA MicroLink Text with only they "The Text and as follows:
What's the Trace Trace to the internal the or The slightly the the This usually of the displays should to The to follows this The command, the the and the commands from each other what the and This with the the following: text Switches Switches off Switches Displays the of the This the following the the the IP router IP routing IP-RIP IP Routing Information ICMP ARP the DHCP This and the following the ELSA MicroLink English
English ELSA MicroLink This TCP-IP IP-Rt., IP-RIP, ICMP and ARP the front of the Source Includes of the that initiated the front of the from to right. This that to and then This with the the following: that outputs the and the of each (ON or OFF) Switches outputs Switches with the of the ICMP Switches off the the You the of the reference section of this New firmware with The software the of ELSA constantly updated. the with ROM which child's of the operating software that the of and to the EPROM, to the the release and This the of the software The additionally the as firmware. of the firmware the active the inactive You which firmware to the The first option to the and immediately. The following The and then operates as Everything then the following the
The the firmware. If the the router reactivates the previous firmware and the To with there the option with which the and immediately booted. The to the first option that the router then to the outband or this the firmware active permanently. If the and therefore to the router the firmware and the with With the third option which to the firmware yourself. The router with the firmware and the the manually activated and therefore becomes permanently effective. to software There of carrying (which the to the of software), of which the ELSA (recommended) TFTP the should the first (with to using ELSA If the release which the firmware, the router the the ELSA using the ELSA highlight the the selection and New or directly the Then the directory which the located and the ELSA then the and the of the firmware the and offers to the The firmware already the selected release clicking You to whether the firmware should permanently activated immediately or testing which the firmware yourself. To the firmware the New ELSA MicroLink English
English ELSA MicroLink TFTP With TFTP the writeflash to firmware. To which, the 'LC_1000U.130' to router with the IP the following NT writeflash This the to the router the writeflash TFTP. the ASCII This NT shows to this the The booted following firmware and this activates the switch directly. If the (write the ROM, TFTP or the and activates the firmware. The operation. It to the locally, the outband interface, it switched off TFTP The firmware the when switched back You should therefore to firmware only when With TFTP, other commands executed. The with the following Reads the from the with the and as the directory writeconfig Writes the from to the with the the information SNMP The Network (SNMP V.1 as specified RFC allows and of the from instance. This instance commonly theManager while the becomeAgents. The SNMP information relatively and services the The rights
SNMP V.1 of commands its as the below shows: Command Target/Source Function information from the the information the following MIB from the the the to the Trap reports or These commands and of The SNMP of the specified Information The of ELSA routers includes SNMP V.1 with RFC of MIB-2 and MIB, included the as supported. This MIB and translated SNMP (HP to allow to completely using SNMP. and of the then to branch of the SNMP Accessing and SNMP of the and and as the SNMP interface. This specifying the MIB the which should 'read- only' or 'read-write' Commercially SNMP 'read-only' and 'read-write' coding. Access protection SNMP V.1 Access to SNMP using community basically to to of information. The router read-only to and through the community. Bear that this community write You the to write using SNMP. using SNMP as of the If the and detected, 'Authentication Failed' and to the the SNMP ELSA MicroLink
English ELSA MicroLink Bear that the protection the community the SNMP V.1 the the MIB IDs and the encrypted the UDP of and as they transmitted. SNMP SNMP You therefore to to from If to to the the the first to its You to the from following IP routing IP Router ROBERT The the first of the third the to its to and the command off. The SNMP the command to the first of the third to The SNMP software that this assignment to the and as command. to SNMP There of the through entry. the command the with the with the its The the this and 'someEntry' the using SNMP that allow the of to existing to the of the The which as the the unchanged. If Castlerock as the first as follows: the MIB item the of Castlerock
the If the empty, then displayed. Click It to the every the the of the and the the to placed, and the right-hand of the with the and the another should appear. It to of the and This MIB the this through to the the to placed, the the field the of this and the clicking should appear. SNMP or warning to the SNMP The SNMP the router to to to SNMP The IP of these the /setup/SNMP-module/IP-Trap-Table You and the of the switch. The Information (MIB) of the (the MIB) with the ELSA MicroLink that the SNMP its The of this MIB with ASN.1 Notation ISO There usually MIB included with the SNMP software. This the MIB that the The ELSA MIB found both included with the CD and the ELSA ELSA MicroLink English
English ELSA MicroLink
and This section introduction to the functions and operating of It includes information the following Security Security LAN IP routing Bridging DHCP with the of the information to as found the Workshop. Please to the of and Security of the of established the of the These include the security of of and the authorizations the users. Needless to the that should unauthorized The ELSA MicroLink offers of options to protection The option the protection of the the of as hasn't the of the The input field found the ELSA the section the 'Security' The activated or the passw.prompt this the with the command The the ELSA MicroLink protected force the of to crack and ELSA MicroLink
and functions ELSA MicroLink to to or another to through the of and the right found. of protection such the of to If this reached, the of These apply to options TFTP/ELSA and SNMP). If activated other The following the ELSA the the 'Security' or the Access TCP/IP Access to the internal of the through TCP/IP restricted functions this or TFTP to the ELSA This and to the router therefore obtained TCP/IP or TFTP from with IP The activated when the first IP with its associated and from that those IP contained this to the internal The of authorized expanded further The both and whole The found the ELSA the 'TCP/IP' section the or the Access Security LAN You certainly to or the computers. ELSA MicroLink offers of restricting from IP known as NAT or PAT)
Encryption Since shared should encrypted to the other the of the and the of the users encrypted This where the DES Encryption with of the repeatedly the of This the highest of protection. TCP/IP You the routing to precisely which should Additionally, the 'Router-name' to whole of IP Occasionally, to further. You this characteristic of TCP/IP, which to and as as the and IP with The the service to the TCP/IP The the services the TCP/IP The the other hand, selected freely within The IP router the and of the TCP or UDP It then the of the from these FTP or identified. The to that to from the LAN to the station. from the LAN the to the of the and the associated the to whether the concerned or rejected. Both interfaces of the the and the LAN) incoming and outgoing This found the ELSA the 'TCP/IP' section the or the router/firewall The (NAT, PAT) One of connecting the workstation LAN to the the Everyone should the to the WWW from his workstation and to information his and functions ELSA MicroLink
and ELSA MicroLink this objections from the the security of the Every workstation the WWW? Surely this that from IP while connected with the the router of the and its IP the The the LAN then the router as that they themselves detected. To this, the router and as Therefore, IP firewall function. further information, the 'IP Routing: IP section. IP routing This the function of the as IP router. Whenever the IP router (or the router) the this reference to the operating of the IP router which TCP/IP as the This allows to the routing This chapter the of the IP routing of ELSA router, as as the functions to IP routing. The IP routing the IP routing to the router which (which other router or should the IP or IP This type of known as to the of the This routing these and they or them yourself. Naturally, there routing The routers the this to themselves and automatically. The routing to the The IP router both when the IP/RIP activated. The routing found the ELSA the 'TCP/IP' section the 'Router' or the router/IP routing This, then, IP routing might IP IP Router
IP IP Router CABLE What the the IP and IP This the of the to which and its associated network The router the and the IP of the incoming to whether the to the The with the IP with of the which routed other routing this Router The router what should with the that to the IP and the with the router this rejected and routed further. This which the from If router consists of IP this with locally router, the of the the CABLE the as router the IP this to the interface. of routers and the router. with explanatory IP IP Router This what with IP transmitted to the locally router with the IP and ELSA MicroLink
and functions ELSA MicroLink IP IP Router This what of to using CABLE which to the the routing with IP/RIP to the routing ELSA routers routing containing to the this yourself, to with the router It the Routing Information (RIP) this This with RIP to information the reachable What information IP/RIP? router the IP/RIP information to inform the other routers the of the its The following this process: Rejected with the router to other routers the Which information the router from IP/RIP the router such IP/RIP incorporates them its routing which something this: IP IP Router What the IP and the the the of routers and receiver, the the router which announced this This the The shows the The this acts as the which the RIP therefore, seconds, about and New information about of as directly reachable and the The this
incremented when the amount of The to reachable) and the the router IP/RIP whether or to incorporate the its This as follows: The incorporated the (as as there enough the The the with of or The then the or The the with of to and the The used. The the The from the router which this than the If the of its routing this the this account and include the its The interaction of and The router the and to the IP routing to the includes the from the which know or which shorter than its with the from its own routing You know the following of workstation within The searches router to with to IP which its LAN. This router to the operating its property of the router or It often only to router which to to reach the IP which unknown to the workstation there routers Occasionally, however, this router reach the know another router which this the workstation the router the with the of the router which the to the (this known as ICMP redirect). The workstation then this and the straight to the other router. computers, however, know to ICMP redirects. To that the reach their routing ELSA the 'TCP/IP' section the 'Router' or the Router and ELSA MicroLink
and functions ELSA MicroLink Routing On This the router to the to the other router. The router then ICMP redirects. This to routing should only as this function leads to of the of to the network required. The first to the router and then from there to the router the which actually IP (NAT, PAT) One the the of IP to this, the of IP the the Network Information (NIC) process. What than IP This IP This whereby LAN router appears the with IP This IP to the router permanently the NIC or temporarily the other the then themselves this IP from the IP the of effectively the from the The IP function connected to the operating of the as router. Whenever routers the following this reference to the the operating of IP router. the router of the router another: On the hand, to IP the of the user that reached from the LAN. On the other hand, to the Since these located the there IP required.
MCNS The therefore assigned IP and LAN IP each with its the option to inform the which of the to when the this to apply the IP that assigned the the the If the as IP router without that IP/RIP using as IP router with IP/RIP should IP of characteristic of TCP/IP which to and as as the and the router the IP and the internal It then the its IP and It this the and the with the information. The to this to the IP of the with the The the internal allows the router to assign this to the You these the router statistics and This operates both The the IP of the router from the LAN of the to the If, the other hand, from the to, FTP the LAN, from the of of this the router appears to the and functions TV LAN of the user IP LAN IP ELSA MicroLink ELSA MicroLink
and ELSA MicroLink FTP The router the IP of the FTP the LAN from the the service ELSA the 'TCP/IP' section the or the Router Module/Masquerading/Service Table The to this that from the FTP the from the the IP of the router. The that: Access to service the LAN from specifying The specified with the LAN IP of, the FTP service to this. the from the LAN, the other hand, the router the the and IP information The concerned to that allows the and the specified of the router, however, that the and from the Which transmitted IP Naturally, those which without or using IP the OSI without treatment. The of router the following TCP (and TCP-based such as FTP, HTTP UDP ICMP DNS rather than IP to the Who which 'www.domain.com'? The DNS of DNS Service to the assignment of (such as to the IP This information constantly and the DNS holding containing IP and this If from the it first DNS What the IP associated with www.domain.com? This with as follows the as the DNS the workstation computers:
Initially the router whether DNS its own ELSA the 'TCP/IP' section the or the If there, then the information from this If DNS the to reach the DNS to the IP associated with the The of the DNS the the of the the This to knowledge of the DNS the LAN IP of the as the DNS the workstation to associations. This the of the DNS the information the the the of his DNS or to another Bridging or such that they appear to the LAN of the with the and the LAN of the with the and the workstations the other. LAN of the LAN of the further connected TV ELSA MicroLink the operating the ELSA MicroLink to without locally assigned MAC the or another (LAN) or workstation and the the other The learns its which MAC located its and which located the other high of that the the the sharply. from the the the the MAC to whether the its LAN. The that to MAC its LAN. and MCNS ELSA MicroLink
and ELSA MicroLink What the options? You to of the which bouncing around the LAN of to or computers. You of the following the Broadcast directed which to which from or only allow to this The and You first establish both whether the associated the to which to transmitted config/Dest.-address/Filter-type/pos or the to You then the MAC to the This of the MAC of Should the when the to that the to function. with DHCP to smoothly TCP/IP the IP to the IP the the LAN the of as as that of through which the to routed from that locally. that these manually the the with workstation computers, however, this would too of such the DHCP the this DHCP TCP/IP-based LAN the necessary to the stations.
The really to On of the LAN of the and LAN together with the and connected The assigns the IP to the DHCP. On the other the LAN with or connected computers. DHCP to within LAN. The as DHCP and as DHCP IP of the the following this reference to the LAN IP of the ELSA MicroLink something explicitly stated. The DHCP The IP the of the assigned DHCP the the the network influence this process. from the IP the when active the information such as the the or the Since this assignment DHCP from the to the mandatory, to the DHCP assignments the The DHCP DHCP the ELSA MicroLink the IP its TCP/IP the following to the workstation computers: IP Network Broadcast DNS NBNS of the assigned The DHCP the IP from freely or the from its LAN IP and functions ELSA MicroLink
and ELSA MicroLink DHCP 'off' or The DHCP the of ELSA to three states: The DHCP permanently active. The of the of the when this correctly the to the as DHCP the of incorrect the DHCP and switches to the 'off' 'off': The DHCP permanently The this switching the other DHCP within the The then its DHCP other DHCP found. This the router from assigning the when switched The then its DHCP other DHCP found. Whether the active or the DHCP statistics. The the assigned? IP assignment the DHCP IP to the the first to know which assignment. Three options the selection of The IP from the selected to the If instead, the DHCP the or from the LAN IP the 'TCP/IP If the LAN IP of its own, the operating It then the IP and the the assignment of IP the this the DHCP assigns IP and their to the the the other information. If only the booted and IP DHCP with its with activated DHCP assign this from the as IP If the already assigned IP the this
and the DHCP to reassign this already assigned to another The DHCP whether the selected the as the of established, the assigned the found. Network assignment The network assigned the as the If the DHCP this the assignment. the from the TCP/IP used. Broadcast assignment Normally, from the IP and the the however when using subnetworks of the workstation computers), to this the to the DHCP The the should specialists only. DNS assignment The of the DNS and the the headend. assignment The router assigns the its IP as If necessary, this assignment overwritten with the the workstation of assignment The assigned to the of Once this of expired, the these the to from constantly its its IP of that to granted. The its switched off when the of and ELSA MicroLink
and functions ELSA MicroLink each of However, DHCP assign the of that from what requested. The DHCP influencing the of lease the of that the DHCP assigns host. If of this nevertheless the The lease the of that assigned the The hours). Priority the DHCP assignment the the the selected such that the DHCP. the clicking Network Select the 'TCP/IP' and the such as the IP or the If would of the to assigned the DHCP the Priority workstationoverwriting assignment If other than those assigned to these directly the workstation The then the assigned to the DHCP this the of the Click Network the 'TCP/IP' and You the selecting the The assignment of IP to the the 'Setup/DHCP/Table-DHCP' item the router's DHCP This the assigned IP the MAC the the of the and the type of assignment. The the assigned. This field the following
The its The DHCP the of the that to assigned to the unknown While that the already assigned to another Unfortunately, the DHCP of information this the DHCP that IP This used. The DHCP assigned to the and ELSA MicroLink
and functions ELSA MicroLink
Downstream of from the to the of from the to the Technical basics This chapter introduction the Network professionals themselves these this section to helpful the technical and The to promising of This from and ISDN that the broadband and TV nearly households, rather than the telephone This the of of to the flow of from the to the user (downstream) such however. this downstream the this the broadcaster, continuously selection of information the of the The user then choose the restricted to the broadcaster's selection and back around this The first the restriction of the to downstream and the telephone The the telephone (through to telephone charges. that the USA the with amplifiers and stations the of back to the These stations or CMTSs C the MCNS C telephone to the to time-related charges, the with to the Access To to the through the (using simplified both of the On the who would to to the with or Technical basics ELSA MicroLink
Technical basics ELSA MicroLink On the other the of the broadband who would to than and TV. to with the ELSA MicroLink The as however, to the through or ISDN there that of the already further the the user and the as as both the and the the bidirectional MCNS On the other the to establish to the as service (ISP) and directly establish to the or this to another ISP or service. Backbone with DHCP Network of the Network of the This to the backbone of to the the the performance of the backbone the the users information from the the to other the TV high its the broadband The of that the of of information. You know this from where MCNS TV workstation LAN ELSA MicroLink
the broadband of information head- and their respective the of switched the searches the the to information from the the the first the might while. as the found, the LED the ELSA MicroLink flashes. The the switched first the found the previous and the information substantially the another to search the To the search, the ELSA MicroLink to search the that they normally these without with the found, the of instructions to the that to the operation the This It includes: The of the found or the to another The of IP that the with Information the The the completed successfully, the LED the ELSA MicroLink lights and the ready to the Technical basics ELSA MicroLink
Technical basics interfaces The of information that from to another through or the process. The and other the that or information hosts. Ideally, the of information. normally exactly interface to the The of indirectly through that Router to the These routers. router least interfaces that the from and them to from the function, the router the of that the of The of exactly this that ELSA MicroLink Network This section introduction to the basics of technology. These cover and terms associated with They cover the topic to the to of the information. The and its Whenever with another, this to to they physical through which the information transmitted. This or that connected to the interfaces The (or the following to other physical that the function of the such as wireless of the following the and Therefore, the or and only the characteristics of as necessary.
Point-to- Access to the established through though the from the the to the the routers, its Furthermore, the routers the to That's why this Strictly the correct. though, to distinguish this of from the following it would to directly as the then interfaces. Computers therefore hosts. The its with instructions concerning the to the to which other connected. The arrives every the Each then whether the of the or If the to the host, then If the This with Router Technical basics to other routers ELSA MicroLink
Technical basics the hosts. the of this callednetwork or The distributed the TCP/IP C ontrol TCP/IP It the and of other IPX or Apple of its this chapter with the TCP/IP. to the TCP/IP to the IP and to the TCP/IP known as TCP/IP to as IP The of based the IP to as Internetwork internetwork. The of IP the covering with the hierarchical and (LAN) the (shared LAN). IP the packet-oriented Packet-oriented fashion. This that or together of and as such from the to the from ELSA MicroLink with information of IP
IP IP IP this every its which What IP It consists of four of Each of the four from to IP the of the as as that of the host. The Network the whereas the of the and to the router, than IP each to the then the that the and the that the host? With the You know what they cover of something and allow to This exactly operates. It which to the IP or ones. The usually with the and with The the cover the of the IP which to the the information to transmitted the and information. To the IP to the interface, and the with than interface (such as router) to IP its every interface. This ISDN routers from ELSA IP with the their as as IP with the the ISDN. the ELSA IP their and another IP the of with the This bytes... this IP Network The IP this with another This bytes... this IP Network You from this that IP enough. with Technical basics ELSA MicroLink
Technical basics The IP within network to IP Since the based TCP/IP and IP its of connected computers, that and these publicly-accessible Since the of IP theoretically these charge high rates the of IP free of charge that to purchase IP every workstation. closed these as or The other closed the within ELSA MicroLink that there to the connected there that While only allocated the first with the the as as The first and the of the and the to IP the this the the and the the of the the of the to the IP The the that the first the This reduces the of the the routing these IP the those that to the router the interface to the IP The of IP the IANA uthority) the following to IP IP with and whose with to the IP with which ated with than or to within the IP with and whose with to the IP with which associated with with within the This broadcasting and should
Every IP the IP of the and of the router Routing IP its interface, the and the to those interfaces that to the the routing. Routing-table Every router (routing This the interface to the every the You that, as they these the of the routerthe as of publicly IP of hosts. this reason, hierarchical IP introduced. This the IP Hierarchical IP which IP from coherent It to establish that The to the hierarchical consisting of country, city, and There considerations when these IP The IP should this when IP The these IP routed the backbone routers such IP the serious such IP released the IP routing and hierarchical IP The of this hierarchical IP within the the the within this to with another. router to know both the of the that directly connected to and the of and that reachable routers. It router to other IP Technical basics ELSA MicroLink
basics ELSA MicroLink 'Smith' think of with which the incorporated as The of the the hierarchically from the of the and that of the Whenever to the to the Inc., this what The the the 'Smith' Inc.. router that establishes the to other to to reach Inc. as with the Inc., the to the router Inc. The router Inc. the and from the the information that directed Inc. of Inc., the to the of the It then the to the router the The router the the and from the the information that directed the of Inc. Since of this the to the of the host. It then the to the of the 'Smith'. the using IP instead of The of Inc. the to its with the the and the the Inc. router as to other Inc.'s router
to the based cabling such as connected to the network then the of other to shared If the of such as CSMA/CD or the MAC C ontrol, MAC) the and of such The of through using MAC LAN and IP LAN. LAN and to the IP IP the physical of the LAN to establish the and the routers. LAN to of the covered the restriction of the of workstations connected to the router to that every with located within the of Inc. router that connected to the of Inc. through interface. If with and this with every knows. it AND with the and the with the AND This the of the Inc. The router that the located within Inc. and the to the interface Inc. Within Inc. the then to the The the of IP within If the of the to to 'Smith', the attaches the 'Smith' Inc.". The router the the and from the the information that directed the of Inc. it of Inc., of the the to the router the The router the Inc. the and from the the information that Inc. Since of Inc., the to the of the It then the to the router the where the to the through Technical basics ELSA MicroLink
Technical basics LAN the interfaces their to MAC the the LAN. Since the LAN the MAC they MAC They thought of as the of the interface MAC this, 80-C7-6D-A4-6E. Every LAN with the type of the IP IP the LAN through LAN LAN and the 'IP' type to of the IP the LAN interface the that the LAN IP and as ordinary IP this IP and of other IPX through the LAN without conflicts (this why LAN ELSA MicroLink MAC of IP IP whose interface through LAN IP and MAC Whereas the of IP with its to to routing IP the MAC to the to LAN as easy as LAN packet-oriented. Every MAC the MAC of the and of the Although every computers, the There MAC that the LAN. To IP host, LAN as with router. The the to the LAN which the further of the This why IP from the of the should the internal of the LAN through the IP IP the LAN LAN with router function: the LAN To router the LAN, its LAN to located another router. the the router to know operating the IP network the IP of the directly connected and of the and IP the LAN IP the LAN
Therefore the LAN that this the ARP ARP. The the ARP Whenever to the and the of the the LAN. IP the LAN LAN with router function the confronted with than the router. of interface with the that that through the interface arrive its router, of the to the LAN, to distinguish however. with the LAN to router the LAN that of the further of the The with within the LAN directly to the host, the router the the of the hosts. within the LAN to this. the of the the LAN. The IP from the to (the and the and the router connected to the LAN to the of the Its LAN interface the IP and the MAC '00-80-C7-6D-A4-6E'. to IP from 'Smith' (with IP and MAC '00-10-5A-31-20-DF') to (with IP and MAC '00-10-5A-31-20-EB'). the and the 'Smith' that located the It therefore to the through the LAN, directly to Unfortunately the LAN interface the IP to IP the LAN interface only MAC This why every to that IP to MAC the the They manually, that the of the of to the LAN as easy as Technical basics IP the LAN The router the LAN: the of the LAN ELSA MicroLink
Technical basics ELSA MicroLink the IP ARP to the LAN (with the LAN as 'Smith' ARP to This ARP to to the IP the and with ARP that directly to 'Smith' (the MAC '00-10-5A- 31-20-DF' of 'Smith' extracted from the field the ARP 'Smith' this as to its the MAC 10-5A-31-20-EB' from the ARP and its ARP 'Smith' Then finally to its the IP to It the IP to MAC '00-10-5A-31-20- ARP '00-10-5A-31-20-EB'
EB' the ARP and its LAN interface: this IP to the with the MAC '00-10-5A-31-20-EB'. from the LAN the the IP from 'Smith' to the with IP 'Smith' the IP with its and that located the LAN. reached through the router. 'Smith' the MAC of the router '00-80-C7-6D-A4-6E' the routers IP the ARP necessary another ARP 'Smith' its LAN interface: this IP to the with the LAN '00-80-C7-6D-A4- 6E'. The router the IP from the LAN and about the IP of the routing the router then the of this and the interface through which to the IP LAN coupling MAC You know simplify the of to Nearly house LAN based. LAN covers such that the physical characteristics of the the of computers. This the necessity to such that electrically and of the MAC they as the IP LAN. This coupling of somewhat router, MAC routing, IP Since MAC information the of the network the IP every to MAC the LAN. the that with the routers the introduction of the LAN expands, it the capacity of the of the to of On the other hand, the MAC allow the to learn about the location of the the This Technical basics ELSA MicroLink
Technical basics ELSA MicroLink
Technical ELSA MicroLink LAN interface Ethernet IEEE 10Base-T (Twisted RJ45, switch) TV interface MCNS DOCSIS (ITU-T J.112, physical as B, MAC as B) Network Bridge Bridging of IEEE 802.3-based Bridge Broadcast, MAC MAC of and stations IP IP IP and IP assignment DHCP, of TCP, UDP, ICMP and FTP; DNS (NAT/PAT) IP services SNMP and TFTP of and Display/operation LAN and TV factory-default button, supply AC with AC (US 110V), VA 40C, humidity: and front (W D) Technical (IEC169-2 included Reception band: Reception or 64QAM, 256QAM (64QAM), (256QAM) S/N ratio QAM) QAM) band: optional) QPSK, 16QAM (QPSK), (16QAM) S/N ratio QPSK) 16QAM) IP router: IP, TCP, ICMP, ARP, RIP-1, RIP-2, PROXY ARP, DHCP IP router TCP, UDP and the TV or LAN with TCP/IP, protection, ELSA SNMP, TFTP, ELSA MicroLink
Technical ELSA MicroLink Accessories: AC F-to-IEC169-2 TV 10Base-T Service Warranty: years ELSA MicroLink Software: software ELSA TFTP Comprehensive and ELSA CD-ROM English, Spanish the of warranty within the first following the purchase, provided. and
Warranty The ELSA AG warranty, as of to purchasers of ELSA products to the warranty and with the following Warranty coverage The warranty covers the and its or repaired free of charge and to the operating instructions, these to and/or the right to the or the purchase to the the and software from the warranty. and service charges covered and from the to the service and/or to become property of ELSA. ELSA authorized to technical firmware and of to the to the technical This charges the customer. to this service Warranty The warranty ELSA products years. from this warranty ELSA and ELSA with warranty of years. This the of from the ELSA Warranty services of the warranty they initiate warranty The warranty with the warranty of the as whole. Warranty If appear the warranty the warranty immediately, the within of the of externally from to the housing), the and ELSA should immediately. On of which externally the and ELSA to immediately writing, the within of to and from the location where the warranty and/or the repaired exchanged, the purchaser's and Warranty only the purchase with the of the warranty warranty the or as of acts of or influences shock, the or operated with the technical specifications, ELSA MicroLink
ELSA MicroLink the occurred to incorrect to of the and the operating instructions, the repaired or authorized ELSA, the shows of mechanical the of ELSA to the cathode (CRT) caused mechanical from shock to the pitch assembly or to the the CRT the or through the of (phosphor burnt), and as the of the TFT backlighting with or the warranty with or If it becomes that the reported malfunction of the caused software, or operation, ELSA the right to charge the purchaser the testing Additional regulations The the of The warranty to such as or of the excluded. This apply to or to property specifically covered the or of or of profits, indirect or excluded. ELSA or of of and ordinary the that the or of ELSA caused of ELSA those typical to the recovery of where security back- The warranty the first purchaser and The of located the that the purchaser merchant. If the purchaser of the of or his of of the of This the purchaser's known the of of proceedings. The of the of The UN apply to ELSA and the purchaser.
July VP Declaration of conformity KONFORMITTSERKLRUNG DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY This the following of MicroLink TM Product This to that this protection relating to the (73/23/EWG) Directive (73/23/EEC) EMV (89/336/EWG) EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) The of this based the following EN EN61000-4-2,3,4,6,11 EN EN 55022B+A1: +A2: EN A1: +A2: +A3: +A4: +A11: On of the ELSA AG D-52070 this ELSA MicroLink
ELSA MicroLink
of the options The tree ELSA MicroLink information, firmware information and 'other'. to with the first of the the of options of displays, and actions with their associated and input options. You the when or and SNMP with ELSA with integrated that of the statistics and this to only, than to the Interface- related information interface only. The information to the and interfaces. Indicates further Info Indicates that Indicates that Table Indicates whose Info Indicates whose Action action. of the options ELSA MicroLink R73
of the options R74 ELSA MicroLink of the Bridge-module Version-table Timeout-firmsafe Test-firmware Firmware-upload Current-time Cable-statistics LAN-statistics Bridge-statistics TCP-IP-statistics IP-router-statistics Config-statistics MCNS-statistics Other Factory-default-system
The information the and the internal of operations the LAN and the which to the with the headend) or to statistics of received and transmitted). The statistics and they information when malfunctions continually updated and with or to the The the following displays of the operated switched Current-time Cable-statistics of statistics related to the LAN-statistics LAN statistics Bridge-statistics Bridge statistics TCP-IP-statistics Statistics from the TCP/IP IP-router-statistics Statistics from the IP router Config-statistics Remote statistics Statistics relating to the the of the MCNS-statistics Statistics relating to MCNS and MCNS of of the DHCP and the Info-connection Information the each interface Layer-connection Information the each interface Information of the of the Time-statistics information LCR-statistics Least-cost router information of the with substatistics. of the options ELSA MicroLink R75
of the options R76 ELSA MicroLink The operating of the router hours, and seconds. Status/Current-time This displays the the headend. Status/Cable-statistics This option allows to the statistics the of related to the with useful information that occurred and the of the that the operating The Status/cable-statistics the following /Cable-statistics displays of to of Cable-heap-packets of of of to of of to the MAC of reception the MAC Cable-rx-fifo-full of FIFO Cable-resp.-bandwidth- of Cable-rx-overflows-data- of to of Cable-rx-overflows-Msg- of to of of incorrectly received of MCNS-header incorrectly received MCNS-header of of Cable-tx-msg-packets of Cable-rx-msg-packets of
/Cable-statistics displays Cable-rx-MCNS-header- of MCNS correctly Cable-FEC-lock-losts-not- of FEC recovered Cable-FEC-lock-losts-reco- of FEC Cable-TRC-lock-losts-not- of TRC recovered of TRC statistics Status/LAN-statistics to the previous option, this option allows to the statistics relating to the LAN The Status/LAN-statistics the following /LAN-statistics displays of of of incorrectly received of incorrectly of without router) of the NIC LAN-heap-packets of of of to of of LAN-rx-bytes of from the LAN LAN-tx-bytes of to the LAN LAN-rx-broadcasts of from the LAN of from the LAN of directly from the LAN WAN-rx-broadcasts of broadcasts from the WAN of the options ELSA MicroLink R77
of the options R78 The information the MAC known to the the when the from this (specified tics), and whether the or This internal only and manually. ELSA MicroLink /LAN-statistics displays of from the WAN of received from the WAN LAN statistics Status/Bridge-statistics This option allows to information relating to the The statistics the following /Bridge-statistics displays of from the LAN of to the LAN of the LAN Brg-LAN-broadcasts of broadcasts received from the LAN Brg-LAN-multicasts of from the LAN of from the of to the of from the BRG-Cable-broadcasts of broadcasts from the of from the of currently known of of the statistics ID tics tics
There with ARP information the ARP It the following Table-ARP Status/TCP-IP-statistics The TCP/IP-related statistics shown to the TCP/ IP The TCP-IP statistics the following stics ARP-statistics Statistics from the ARP IP-statistics Statistics from the IP ICMP-statistics Statistics ICMP TFTP-statistics Statistics TFTP operations TCP-statistics Statistics TCP from TCP to the router DCHP-statistics Statistics from the DCHP TCP/IP statistics The substatistics then with further the Status/TCP-IP-statistics/ARP-statistics These statistics include the following of ARP and from the LAN of ARP and to the LAN of ARP incorretly received from the LAN of ARP and from the of ARP and to the of ARP incorrectly from the Table-ARP ARP ARP statistics ID IP that previously Associated MAC the or found ARP tics of the options Statistics from the TCP/IP ELSA MicroLink R79
of the options R80 ELSA MicroLink Status/TCP-IP-statistics/IP-statistics These statistics include the following of IP from the LAN of IP to the LAN of IP incorrectly from the LAN of IP received from the LAN incorrect service of from the LAN that actually should to to their which of received from the IP-Cable-tx of to the IP-Cable-checksum-errors of IP incorrectly from the IP-Cable-service-errors of IP received from the incor- service of from the that actually should to to their which of the to timeout IP statistics Status/TCP-IP-statistics/ICMP-statistics These statistics include the following of ICMP from the LAN ICMP-LAN-tx of ICMP to the LAN of ICMP incorrectly received from the LAN of ICMP received from the LAN of from the ICMP-Cable-tx of to the ICMP-Cable-checksum-errors of ICMP incorrectly received from the ICMP-Cable-service-errors of ICMP received from the ICMP statistics
Status/TCP-IP-statistics/TCP-statistics These statistics include the following of TCP from the LAN of TCP to the LAN of TCP repeatedly to the LAN of TCP incorrectly from the LAN TCP-LAN-service-errors of TCP from the LAN incorrect of TCP from the LAN TCP-Cable-rx of from the TCP-Cable-tx of to the of TCP repeatedly to the of TCP incorrectly from the TCP-Cable-service-errors of TCP from the incorrect of TCP from the WAN TCP statistics Status/TCP-IP-statistics/TFTP-statistics These statistics include the following of TFTP from the LAN of TFTP from the LAN of TFTP write from the LAN of TFTP from the LAN TFTP-LAN-rx-ack. of TFTP acknowledges from the LAN TFTP-LAN-rx-option-ack. of TFTP option acknowledges from the LAN of TFTP from the LAN of TFTP from the LAN of TFTP to the LAN of TFTP to the LAN TFTP-LAN-tx-ack. of TFTP acknowledges to the LAN TFTP-LAN-tx-option-ack. of TFTP option acknowledges to the LAN of TFTP to the LAN of TFTP repeatedly to the LAN of TFTP established to the LAN of received from the of the options ELSA MicroLink R81
of the options R82 ELSA MicroLink of TFTP received from the of TFTP write received from the of TFTP from the TFTP-cable-rx-ack. of TFTP acknowledges from the TFTP-cable-rx-option-ack. of TFTP option acknowledges from the of TFTP from the TFTP-cable-rx-bad-packets of unknown TFTP from the of TFTP to the network of TFTP to the TFTP-cable-tx-ack. of TFTP acknowledges to the TFTP-cable-tx-option-ack. of TFTP option acknowledges to the of TFTP to the of TFTP repeatedly to the of TFTP established to the TFTP statistics Status/TCP-IP-statistics/DHCP-statistics These statistics include the following of DHCP from the LAN of DHCP to the LAN of DHCP from the of DHCP of of received of DHCP-rx-inform of inform DHCP-rx-release of release DHCP-tx-offer of offer DHCP-tx-ack. of DHCP acknowledged of DHCP acknowledged of DHCP received that this DHCP-assigned of currently assigned DHCP-MAC-conflicts of assignments rejected IP Table containing assignments of IP to MAC DHCP statistics.
There with DHCP information the DHCP It (or of The to the and or accordingly. It the following ID Timeout IP assigned Associated Duration of assignment Assign- DHCP MAC type Status/IP-router-statistics This together the statistics from the IP router /IP-router-statistics Statistics from the IP router of to routed from the LAN IPr-LAN-tx of routed to the LAN IPr-LAN-local-routings of received from the LAN and routed to the LAN of LAN that routed IPr-LAN-routing-errors of LAN that to another router of LAN with of LAN the of LAN of to routed from the IPr-Cable-tx of routed to the IPr-Cable-network-errors of that routed of with of the of of from the without IP router ID of to the ARP cache of routed RIP-statistics Statistics from the IP/RIP IP router statistics of the options ELSA MicroLink R83
of the options R84 The information the of to the LAN or These to the IP such as ICMP, TCP, UDP. ELSA MicroLink might the following appearance: tcp Status/IP-router-statistics/RIP-statistics This option allows to the IP-RIP the These substatistics with the following of IP-RIP of IP-RIP of IP-RIP of IP-RIP of IP-RIP of IP-RIP RIP-tx of IP-RIP Table-IP-RIP Routing of learned through RIP RIP statistics The associated IP-RIP of the learned from the The router this manually. IP-RIP might the following appearance: Router
Status/Config-statistics This allows to the statistics from the It allows to information the of and The informaton the LAN, WAN and outband /Config-statistics Remote statistics of active from the LAN of from the LAN the of active from the Previous of active from the of Login-locks of Login-rejects of while the active the statistics Status/Queue-statistics These statistics allow to the of the through the of the Statistics the LAN-heap-packets of of Cable-heap-packets of of of from the LAN of from the WAN of ARP the of ARP the of IP the of IP the of ICMP of TCP of the options ELSA MicroLink R85
of the options R86 ELSA MicroLink Statistics the of the of the TFTP of the of the DHCP of the of the DHCP of the of the IP-RIP RIP RIP of TFTP of to the MAC reception the MAC of SNMP of the of the TFTP of to to DNS or NBNS of that from DNS or NBNS and to to the of to (to the of from the and to
Status/MCNS-statistics /MCSN-statistics MCNS-T1-timeouts of while the MCNS-T2-timeouts of MCNS-T3-timeouts of MCNS-T4-timeouts of MCNS-T6-timeouts of of received MCNS-ranging-requests of of of aborts of of of SYNC of MAP MCNS statistics /Cable-statistics Current-downstream-frequency of the downstream Channel-found of the downstream found Synchronization QAM, FEC and TRC synchronization found the of the DHCP of the DHCP ToD of the Time-of-day of the of the with the Service ID Service ID and of the options ELSA MicroLink R87
of the options R88 ELSA MicroLink /Cable-statistics Class-ID Class ID of the Downstream of the downstream Status/DHCP-client-statistics /DHCP-client-statistics State of the DHCP or off Lease-time the assigned IP assigned the IP assigned the Gateway-IP-address IP assigned the BOOTP IP assigned the Security-server Security IP assigned the Time-offset seconds to GMT Currently of Table of routers Table-name-server Table of Table-domain-name-server of Table of This allows to and the that to the functioning of the the LAN Remote TCP/IP
the characters). The of characters includes and lowercase as as characters. You the of characters the following command: IP router SNMP DHCP the This together the the interface to the and the to the headend. These should the as operation within the otherwise. The items therefore covered this This item displays the the The the following LAN Connector Network MAC of the This option allows to the routers Ethernet The displayed the factory and The Ethernet as with the first ELSA of the options ELSA MicroLink R89
of the options R90 This option allows to or the the the activated. This option allows to the the The Bridge created and of It This option allows to whether to Broadcast or only when This option allows to specify whether to or when ELSA MicroLink Setup/Bridge-module This allows to the The the following Bridge Bridge active or inactive Bridge-table the LAN the If the as IP router the should deactivated. the appear as shown below when the and MAC ID tics 0800096483D tics tics The to the switched as of (tics). The reflects the location of the MAC the the MAC of the The only. This included the
The type to the specified The whose included the The whose included the The this the field. The or to higher charges the of the to the higher This item to Destination or Processing of Setup/Bridge-module/LAN-configuration/Source-addresses The the as the the This option allows to the The this exactly the as the the that they to the from the This allows to the TCP/IP The the following TCP/IP Activates or the TCP/IP IP IP of the the matching IP IP the the network (LAN) of the options ELSA MicroLink R91
of the options R92 The TCP/IP of the router activated or deactivated the the TCP/IP activated. IP The IP the as the the displayed The IP The to the IP The C network of that there only this (the router This IP the with assigned IP access. With such IP assigned to the router PPP IP the The associated with the IP as the the Cable-IP- displayed The IP the The IP LAN-IP- the to as router IP and this with the of IP The to the IP of the The C ELSA MicroLink TCP/IP matching IP Access-list Restricts to internal functions TCP/IP. Table-ARP ARP IP MAC the ARP that inactive of to the ELSA MicroLink TCP/IP and the IP router the TCP/IP activated. This IP the the to the this that the the IP and IP the assigned the (or the IP If LAN-IP specified, the to IP the first three of which to the first three of the XXX.XXX.XXX.YYY. The then reached the IP XXX.XXX.XXX.254.
The to internal of the router Access-list TCP/IP applications. This option allows to the ARP (ARP cache), which ARP the of IP physical from this manually. If such IP already the the the the of the and assign LAN IP to the The of the protected however this to and to the or to to this from the to which or which the reasons of consistency, the based internal of the router. The "internal to the following: The interface based the TFTP The interface based the TFT SNMP: the interface based the SNMP Each of the of the the following IP IP of the authorized (or IP of the Once IP workstation with its IP and the the the functions of the router only from this from with IP If to ELSA MicroLink this as follows C IP With this IP the C network authorized to internal functions of the router. of the options ELSA MicroLink R93
of the options R94 This option allows to (from to the of which the ARP updated, IP that the The If TCP to the router, the the release the TCP of the from to The The of allowable the DEFAULT the as This option allows to or the IP router the the IP router activated. ELSA MicroLink The the ARP might, the following appearance with IP with the router: tics tics Setup/IP-router-module This section the of the as IP router. References the following text to 'routers' to the its IP router operating This allows to the IP router The the following IP router Activates or the IP router IP-routing-table Router IP and assignment Loc.-routing Activates/deactivates routing Routing-method Routing IP IP-RIP operation IP Firewall firewall functions Activating the IP router activates the TCP/IP
IP-routing-table The routing of of or IP with and the or IP of other routers. Alternatively, of which to IP and ARP. This the of the router. The IP routing as shown below: The top. network of length, the with the IP top. that the from the IP routing (the router that to these transmitted). The IP routing below of and shows the IP Router-name TV However, these to the If the routing with the router the router IP with The the The IP the as technical reasons, the first the IP this the of the searched. The router with the the The router everything that or other to the headend. To to ISDN router LAN to another, the IP of the other and the the and the IP of the router 'Router'. The following that using the IP the The ISDN router the IP the other (that of branch office) With the following the the other network to the ISDN router and of the options ELSA MicroLink R95
of the options R96 routing the router to the The routing routing necessary the router, as the the workstations to which establish If the router the of the router to the workstation IMCP, the to the router Routing'). this increases the LAN, the Routing-method This option allows to the routing IP This option allows to the routing ICMP ICMP-routing- ELSA MicroLink other the (insofar as these areas): IP Router-name routing this function. Setup/IP-router-module/Routing-method The router offers IP routing, which IP and ICMP Both based the of the field 'Type-of-service' the IP header. The the following /Routing-method Routing Routing-method Routing IP ICMP-routing-method Routing ICMP If 'Normal', IP the as the routing specifications of the If 'Type-of-service', IP the or the of the 'Type-of-service' field. other the this guaranteed, that If 'Normal', the ICMP other IP as the routing of the If ICMP received the
This option allows to the to the IP-RIP RIP-type The the following If RIP-1 this option allows to the of Therefore, these only RIP-1 The the following This option allows to the the IP routing Table-IP-RIP This option allows to the of IP-RIP The the following IP-RIP operation RIP-type RIP switch of Table-IP-RIP IP routing IP-RIP RIP-1: RIP-1 and RIP-2 only RIP-1 RIP-1 and RIP-2 received. RIP-2 as IP broadcast. RIP-2: as that RIP to the IP Class The the RIP directly from the IP class, the following the Class A: Class B: Class C: Address: The from the first that the IP This and high-order within the the the IP The from the IP and attached the the above-mentioned and the the IP of the options ELSA MicroLink R97
of the options R98 Select whether RIP should the LAN or LAN-RIP The of 'services' selectively Service-table the specified the service the IP while other services and invisible from the 'IP (NAT, PAT)' The service the to and the following ELSA MicroLink IP-RIP routing might, the following appearance: IP Router This allows to the function. The the following IP function or off TCP-aging-second(s) seconds which TCP becomes UDP-aging-second(s) seconds which UDP becomes ICMP-aging-second(s) seconds which ICMP becomes Service-table Static The the following Destination the Destination IP the the Through this assignment, to the service directly the IP of the router and the to the You the
With IP the IP of the invisible to of of and the router. The displays the IP from the that the router currently The to and the following to directly to that reached router with the IP Timeout TCP The the following IP of the the Source this (TCP/UDP/ICMP) Timeout: seconds the from the Setup/IP-router-module/firewall The the IP this The IP with the following Active WIN YES TCP Action Ifc Direct. Matches The the following This to distinguish the The four characters and selected as Active Activates or the that to TCP UDP ICMP and of the options ELSA MicroLink R99
of the options R10 ELSA MicroLink The every from the specified or to the subnetwork of the which the of that the to computers. of that the to (which computers). Source that to of to that affected this subnetwork of the which the of that the to computers. of that the to (which computers). Destination that to of to that affected this Action The or Interface Select whether the should apply to the LAN interface, the interface to the TV or both. Direction Select whether the should apply to incoming, outgoing, or Broadcast Select whether (including or should (matches) of that the The to the IP router The top. of length, the with the IP top.
This (No/Yes). Send-Traps the IP to which the IP -Trap-Table location Location On: The operates as DHCP Network and IP of as wildcards. and subjected to while others the router The from top to as matching found, the accordingly. This allows to of the SNMP. The the following SNMP Send-Traps Switch SNMP IP-Trap-Table with Location location This allows to the DHCP The the following DHCP Switch activating the DHCP Start-address-pool the End-address-pool the Network the Broadcast-address Broadcast the LAN of the assignment DHCP of the assignment DHCP Table of assignments DHCP of the options ELSA MicroLink R10
of the options R10 End-address- The assigned the as the IP The assigned the as the IP Broadcast the of that the DHCP assigns host. ELSA MicroLink The as DHCP The whether there another DHCP the LAN. If operates as DHCP and IP to If there or LAN-IP the TCP/IP factory the IP from the to DHCP The IP assigned from the selected ('Start-address-pool' to 'End-address-pool'). the network If instead, the the or from the The as follows: If the or LAN-IP the or of the of the associated If both specified, the LAN-IP the The of the the the DHCP or the first the The of the the the DHCP or the the then from the IP If the already assigned IP the this and the DHCP to reassign this already assigned to another The DHCP whether the that to assigned to the the It this ARP to the If the ARP answered, the DHCP the with as the of established, the assigned the found. The assigns the the DHCP or the that to the assignment). The assigns the the DHCP or the that to the assignment). The DEFAULT of approximately
the of that assigned the the DCHP the 'Table-DCHP' option allows to (or the assignment of IP to the computers. This the following The DEFAULT of hours. Timeout ELSA IP-address: IP assigned The Ethernet Timeout: the assignment becomes The text the This field information the assignment. The field the assigned. This field the following The its The DHCP the of the that to assigned to the While that the already assigned to another Unfortunately, the DHCP of information this the DHCP that IP This used. The DHCP assigned to the This allows to router options. The the following Password-required on/off there Switch-Off-mode of the switch of the options ELSA MicroLink R10
of the options R10 This whether should every On or the should The this option If the the releases the the of the specified from to The This the of allowed the activated. <ENTER> the and therefore the This It the the activated. It the which the This option allows to whether the or English of the software the ELSA MicroLink the activated Duration of and The the to activated with only ELSA this updated ELSA from This allows to firmware and to initiate and Version-table releases and the Information the firmware the and the bootloader activation
The displays the firmware and of the This the following the the Table the memory or information (active or inactive), the the the and the of the firmware the active firmware loaded, the inactive firmware You which firmware activated the and Timeout-firmesafe to Test-firmware the inactive firmware Initiates firmware Ifc Ifc MicroLink Inactive Active the following to inactive firmware active The first option to the firmware and immediately. The following The firmware and then operates as Everything then the correctly, to with the the If the the reactivates the previous and the To caused the option the firmware and immediately. to the first option, the The permanently activated when the within the 'Timeout of the options ELSA MicroLink R10
of the options R10 This option allows to the Factory-default- This option the that The to the factory This option firmware to chapter to software'). ELSA MicroLink If the and therefore to the the previous firmware and the with The third option allows to (Timeout testing the firmware. The with the firmware and the the firmware manually activated and therefore becomes permanently effective. Other The Other allows to the following /Other the Factory-default- to factory Loads the released or closed. The back with the security reasons, the to the protection to that selected this instead of the command. If assigned, The ROM and of the software allowing firmware to It allows to retrofitted with