Instruction A-6.2 Active
If to theatre the following products: and or VCR. them to or and The the of the It sophisticated that the sound with the action the from the right of the and to the of the the follow the sound to hear the from right to that the and then the hearing the sound of the the to the action with the The amplifiers to this theatres in-home of sound. It includes amplification to the and Right the front Where really distinguishes from surround the surround and right surround that This of sounds and convincing, The sixth to as the the the active which bass information to the of such as and crashes. to years already produced). to the of to this exciting performance Surround DVD- Logic-System Koordination Rear Rear-Boxen B. Format
surround TV DVD F. TV, front to surround ofte investir recommandons DVD toute surround basses On basses actif,
UK Active A-6.2 the Active subwoofer and If the You should immediately the active subwoofer There to below From with to subwoofer: the from the to active subwoofer. the sound from to active From to the cords from the to High active that the right the connected to the right the subwoofer. the the Next, the front from High active that the right the to the right the the Functions The sound of the active subwoofer the that high Phase The phase to or both sound. It to reduce the bass from sound. active to infor- mation the below The ear to sound these this why the of the subwoofer critical.However the of the acoustic the following To the of the the active to of about from the walls. If to please the from the corner. with the of the the sound One to the the cover the built-in amplifier. A-6.2 (High (High (s. oft Phase Wand. (s. (s.
A-6.2 DK subwoofer subwoofer subwoofer-out subwoofer. High High ofte process. Phase Placering active infor- placering subwoofe- optimeres. A-6.2 basses ELTAX basses RCA PRE OUT SUBWOOFER RCA high High Fonctions tions Phase phase basses basses basses
Warning! To reduce the of shock, or cover or back. this to or of malfunction service service. Attention!
The with arrowhead, within to the of the of sulated within the that of to of shock to Strom informe The within to the user of the of operating and (servicing) instructions the the informationer (service) Infor- Un informe
from High input from High Rear or front of the sound On/Stand-by stand-by stand-by rouge stand-by stand-by On/off switch switch Phase Sound (with
Troubleshooting Symptom sound connected to the lead. ON. connected to the LINE IN of the LED ON switch ON Please hear tone from the subwoofer when the switched OFF, this and Service service, please to the trouble-shooting To service please
TECHNICAL DATA A-12R Cross-over Phase On/Off RCA L,R L,R 230V Amplifier Watt Woofer Black www.eltax.com A-6.2 Active