AtomicA-15.2R_Manual.indd Instruction A-15.2R Active
If to theatre the following products: and or VCR. them to or and The the of the It sophisticated that the sound with the action the from the right of the screen and to the of the the follow the sound to hear the from right to that the and then the hearing the sound of the the to the action with the The to this theatres in-home of sound. It includes to the and Right the front Where really distinguishes from surround the surround and right surround that This of sounds and convincing, The sixth to as the the the active which bass information to the of such as and crashes. to years already produced). to the of to this exciting performance Surround DVD- Logic-System Rear Rear-Boxen B. Format AtomicA-15.2R_Manual.indd
surround TV DVD F. TV, front to surround ofte subwoofer investir recommandons DVD toute surround basses On basses actif, AtomicA-15.2R_Manual.indd
DK UK UK Active A-15.2R the Active subwoofer and If the You should immediately the active There to below From with to the from the to active the sound from subwoofer to active subwoofer. From to the from the to High active that the right the connected to the right the subwoofer. the the Next, the front from High active subwoofer. that the right the subwoofer connected to the right the the Functions The sound of the active the that high Phase The phase to or both sound. It to reduce the from sound. active to infor- mation the below The ear to sound these this why the of the subwoofer critical.However the of the acoustic the following To the of the the active to of about from the walls. If to bass please the from the corner. with the of the the sound One to the subwoofer the the built-in AtomicA-15.2R_Manual.indd A-15.2R (High (High (s. oft Phase Wand. etwas (s. (s.
A-15.2R DK DK subwoofer-out subwoofer. High High ofte process. Phase Placering active infor- placering subwoofe- optimeres. AtomicA-15.2R_Manual.indd A-15.2R basses ELTAX basses RCA PRE OUT SUBWOOFER RCA high actif. High Fonctions Phase phase basses basses basses
Warning! To reduce the of shock, or or back. this to or of malfunction service service. Attention! AtomicA-15.2R_Manual.indd
The with arrowhead, within to the user of the of within the that of to of shock to Strom informe AtomicA-15.2R_Manual.indd The within to the of the of operating and (servicing) instructions the accompayning the informationer (service) Infor- Un informe
AtomicA-15.2R_Manual.indd
AtomicA-15.2R_Manual.indd
from High input from High Rear or front cherboxen of the sound AtomicA-15.2R_Manual.indd On/Stand-by stand-by stand-by rouge stand-by stand-by On/off switch switch Phase Sound (with
Troubleshooting Symptom sound connected to the ON. connected to the LINE IN of the LED ON switch ON Please hear tone from the subwoofer when the switched OFF, this and Service service, please to the trouble-shooting To service please AtomicA-15.2R_Manual.indd
TECHNICAL DATA A-12R Cross-over Phase On/Off RCA L,R L,R 230V Ampli Woofer Black www.eltax.com AtomicA-15.2R_Manual.indd A-15.2R Active