Unpacking the Connecting the the Connecting and Connecting Starting the buttons On-screen options the Direct Unknown ENERGY STAR Troubleshooting or ghosts or correctly The switching off the The The appears the The that or too bright Specifications Safety, and Notices. Recycling
the Connecting the Starting the Troubleshooting Specifications
Unpacking the Connecting the Attaching the should the following items: (with attached) This VGA If items, Customer telephone numbers, the the back of To the first the base, then To the base: the top, then the the clicks
Connecting and Connecting To and to and the reach the back of each. the VGA to the VGA the back of the outlet that turned off, then the other of the to the matching the back of the from the the to To reach the back, then the to the the back of the the correctly grounded to from To the of the comfort. www.emachines.com
the The recommended positioning based the following These based and published height The recommended height displays such as bifocal that the top of the should or slightly below (about inch or while This the of the screen to displays. The should of sight to the This the when from the top of the to the You to lighting to when the upward. Screen from user The should first from the then back and forth to preference. To the Press the the front of The LED from to Turn the LED the buttons) should Allow about seconds the to appear. If the LED or the troubleshooting information, Troubleshooting the of the the the the the OSD. This the to the the the the (the from the right the front of the to to the buttons the on-screen (OSD) to other information,
buttons the (located the and through to the information about This features on-screen (OSD) that and other the The to the off the (The appearance of from that shown.) OSD active: Press to to the and OSD inactive: Press to the OSD active: Press to to the and increase OSD inactive: Press to the Press to or the Press to the sound. Press to the sound. Press to the Press to the or off. LED www.emachines.com LED
On-screen options OSD OSD To the OSD Press the The to the Press the The OSD Press the or to highlight then the to the selected or Press the or to the or the option. the EXIT then the to to top Select the EXIT then the to the OSD. OSD Automatically to its the where brightness, and Clock/Phase the Clock/Phase where the clock and phase of the the where the and OSD the OSD where the and of the OSD Factory the to its factory the where the of the OSD immediately. EXIT the to top the OSD Brightness the amount of light the of the the lowest with to the of the backlights. You to brightness the the of white the lightest and of H.Position the of the the the of the the Customer Scaling the aspect ratio of the Select to or to Aspect Ratio EXIT to top
OSD Clock/Phase Clock or the background. The Phase and clears or the displayed characters. EXIT to top the of the Select Cool, and Custom Color. to top Custom Custom the of the three (red, and the to appearance graphic and match the and OSD H.Position the of the OSD the the of the OSD the to top www.emachines.com
OSD the Direct Factory Press the or to highlight the Factory then the to the to factory Press the or to highlight the OSD of choice. then the to immediately. While the OSD inactive, three function to whenever apply or the refresh While should displayed the items around the or the the its memory. To With OSD the This the The and appear to whether the OK.
If the correct, choose The OSD automatically. -OR- If the further choose The Phase to the manually. the phase the or buttons. text appears focused and there the to the and the OSD To the With OSD the or buttons. The Press the or buttons or to the to www.emachines.com
and of the to to the of to with the of If the or played or the and to the highest necessary. Screen the of to The higher the the information and (such as and the information about the then and the Search then NTER To the and Click then Appearance and The Shortcut You right-click then To the the Colors then the Highest To the the to the Click Apply If the right, If the the and the to their previous seconds. Click OK then to To the and XP: Click then The If Appearance and Themes Shortcut You right-click then Click The Click the To the depth, the arrow to the then the Highest To the the to the The Click OK
Unknown If the the the slightly and other the LCD to with LCD state-of-the-art which to to choosing of the If choose unknown to manually the clock, phase, and If unknown first. If then manually the clock, phase, and www.emachines.com
ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. This with the International ENERGY STAR which to of to their products to reduce of connected to that the VESA (DPMS) the reducing of the the the Active the Active the LED these and the reduced to the following VESA LED On Active To the when Active the or Access the options the to the of which the these
Troubleshooting To the the the to or the from or heat the of sunlight. type of or cleaner. You permanently scratch the To the cloth slightly with only. the and Immediately the from the outlet and servicing to service of the following The or or the The to or The or the that the about the If with the the information this troubleshooting section them. that the connected correctly to both the back of the and the information about connecting the cord, Connecting the that the connected correctly to both the back of the and the information about connecting the cord, Connecting the that the connected securely to the back of the and information about the Connecting the that the turned If the connected to options: If displays, both and this to learn to You this as and the typically that externally attached and both the information. www.emachines.com
or ghosts or correctly If the LED that turned the or the to the of with the turned that the the of the that might or Turn off the and the from the back of Turn the back and seconds. If the functioning correctly, appears. information about connecting the Connecting the Press the then the to the to the with the turned that the connected securely to the back of the and information about connecting the Connecting the that the the of the that might or Press the then the to the to the or switchboxes. that the connected securely to the back of the and information about the Connecting the that the the of the that might or that the VGA that with Press the then the to the to the that the least about uniformity or brightness. Press the then the to the to the the to the instructions to the
The switching off the The The appears the The that or too bright when ghost of the switching the off. To off the as as displayed. If, the the hour and ghost should switch off the least hour to the the of whenever the to preferably the earthed (grounded), preferably the of that selected. the specifications section information. that the correctly the the back of the that the other correctly the VGA of This and the TFT LCD inspection these to If these or Customer to whether or based the of affected. www.emachines.com
Specifications Specifications to without or products to and from products. inches type TFT LCD 21.6-inch pitch inches Text Aspect ratio to refresh to to Colors OSD English, Spanish, and (VGA): VGA AC VGA (included) with PC (R/L) W/16 Normal operation: input VAC, to 104F to 40C) Non-operating: to 140F to +60C) to feet to Non-operating: to to Relative to (non-condensing) UL, CSA, FCC Class inches with basic
information information Notices Safety, and Notices
information Warning Gateway products classified as locations. include of and or Gateway and tested to the of information to of this that the instructions the and the followed. and follow instructions the and the and operating instructions this or heat such as the The should operated from the type of indicated the rating If switch, that the switch the The switch the factory to the the or cover these least inches around the when of the products with three-wire to that the properly grounded when The this only grounding-type This If to the to the If with this that the rating the products the the Warning To shock, the cover. serviceable servicing to service the or allow to the The to to eating and the to or If the to and allow to hours. Gateway Customer whether the to back the turned off, amount of flows through the To shock, and from the outlets cleaning the the from the outlet and servicing to and only and recommended Gateway. Safety, and Notices Warning follow these instructions to and to Gateway The or the The properly when the operating instructions followed. The or the The performance
information Recycling United States of America Mercury Warning this mercury and or of to or The purchased extracted that the process. This known to to the or to health. To releases of the and to the of Gateway the following information responsibly or of the of life and (commonly known as WEEE) should of the The Crossed-Out affixed to this to of of life properly. such as plastics, and compounds highly recoverable, and You the following these or useful to back to or recycling. of life credit the purchase of Gateway to this If further recycling, or of life the Customer and to with Finally, that other actions and the features of this (where recycling the and outer (including this and of or recycling properly. With reduce the amount of to and the of the of of life products, and of that released the and of properly. recycling information to please to www.gateway.com/recycle (FCC) FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the to from that to which the connected the or Accessories: The associated with this shielded These to to with FCC www.emachines.com
FCC of conformity party: Gateway, Inc. Irvine CA US This with of the FCC of this to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. or Gateway the FCC and authority to the California Industry (IC) Unintentional ICES-003 This the Class from as the interference regulations of Industry Notices Gateway, Inc. rights Inc. Irvine Irvine, CA USA Rights This protected copyright and rights of or transmitted or without writing from Gateway. The information this and to These incorporated publication editions. Gateway and/or products this publication to information which appear this the the Gateway www.gateway.com Gateway indirect, exemplary, or from or this of the of such the of Gateway the right to this and the products without or acknowledgments Gateway and or of Inc. the United States and other countries. other and or of their respective Safety, and Notices This chemicals known to the State of California to and/or other information this warning, to www.gateway.com/prop65
MAN E216T5W USR GDE R1