the Connecting the Attaching the Connecting Connecting Connecting security the optional the USB height Connecting the USB the optional the Starting the buttons On-screen options ENERGY STAR Troubleshooting or ghosts or correctly The that or too bright Connecting HDMI (19-inch Connecting Specifications Safety, Regulatory, and Notices. Recycling
Connecting the the optional the optional Starting the Troubleshooting Specifications
the should the following items: (with attached) This VGA If items, Customer numbers, the the back of
Connecting the To the first the base, then Attaching the www.emachines.com To the optional USB instead of the base, the instructions the optional To the base: the top, then the the clicks You to the buttons the to the smoothly.
Connecting To to and the reach the back of each. If (DVI), DVI included) to the white the back of the The DVI the 19-inch the United States, DVI from www.gateway.com that turned off, then the other of the to the matching the back of (19-inch the optional the optional that the included right-angle VGA the the the the United States, using DVI right-angle DVI from www.gateway.com OR the VGA to the VGA the back of the (The appearance of and from that shown.)
Connecting Connecting security You to (or to another heavy with (such as lock). To follow the instructions to to the the back of included). www.emachines.com To reach the back, then the to the the back of the (The appearance of and from that shown.) the correctly grounded using to from
the optional Attaching the USB the United States, USB from www.gateway.com You the and rotation. the connected to USB to four USB to the USB the To the that the turned off. the face-down the the of the the screw from the then the from the LCD the four screws from the back of the LCD the four screws. the the base. Screw Screw Screw Screw Screw
www.emachines.com Tighten the thumbscrew the with (or screwdriver) to the With the facing the mounting to the and then the from the the to the LCD using the four screws previously. Screws Thumbscrew Screws
the the mounting Press the to the right and then the and release the height The factory to the height However, when to the height You to the the amounts of force to and the To height Press the screwdriver from below the to from the base. Screwdriver
www.emachines.com screwdriver through the the and the height screw the back of the the the USB Height screw the height screw the when If the lowers when the screw clockwise If the when the screw counter-clockwise You to the screw the of the height screw the and lowering forces the forces the screw clockwise to four to slightly the the screwdriver the height the top of the about inch below To the screw the top of the the when If the its when the screw clockwise to increase the screw
The recommended based the following These based and published The recommended height displays such as bifocal that the top of the should or slightly below (about inch or while This the of the to displays. If the users, the height should easily to each height and The should of sight to the This the when from the top of the to the You to lighting to when the Screen from The should first from the then back and forth to preference. Connecting the USB The optional USB built-in, USB To these USB to the to outlet and to To USB built-in USB the included USB the USB the back of USB and USB If the to USB the USB operates USB than USB To to USB (recommended), the AC to the the back of USB and to AC USB USB
the optional the www.emachines.com Headphone bass sound. bass sound. To the (19-inch the optional that the included right-angle VGA the the the the United States, using DVI right-angle DVI from www.gateway.com the back, then the below the that the Tighten the thumbscrews the back of the the USB to USB the headphone and microphone to headphone and microphone If already Microphone Headphone
Turn the rotating the clockwise. The LED to the of the when correctly connected and the turned Starting the To the Press the the front of The LED the (The appearance of from that shown.) Turn the of the the the the the right of the to to the the on-screen (OSD) to other information, the LED the should Allow about seconds the to appear. If the LED or the troubleshooting information, Troubleshooting the the the OSD. This the to the the
the (located the and through to the information about buttons This features on-screen (OSD) that brightness, and other the The to the off the (The appearance of from that shown.) www.emachines.com OSD active: Press to to the previous OSD inactive: Press to the OSD active: Press to or OSD inactive: Press to the clock, and phase. (brightness) OSD active: Press to through and OSD OSD inactive: Press to the Brightness OSD active: Press to through and OSD OSD inactive: Press to the Press to or the OSD. Brightness
On-screen options OSD To the OSD Press the button. The to the Press the The OSD Press the (brightness) or buttons to highlight then the to the selected or Press the (brightness) or buttons to the to the or the option. Press the to to finished the the to While the OSD active, on-screen appear to the to them.
OSD www.emachines.com OSD Automatically to its the where brightness, and Geometry the Geometry where and Advanced the Advanced where the OSD and information about the to its factory Geometry Advanced Brightness the amount of light the of the the lowest with to the of the backlights. You to the the of white the lightest and of the High increase white and increase Brightness
OSD Geometry H-Position the and right. You the to the automatically. the and You the to the automatically. Clock or the background. The Phase and clears or the displayed characters. Geometry H-Position Clock Phase Advanced the the of the OSD. LED Brightness the brightness of the and LED to or If the input to displays that should to the If than that, this option to off the information computers Information the Advanced LED Brightness Information
and of the basic to to the of to displayed with the of If the or played or the and to the highest necessary. the of to The higher the the information and (such as and displayed the information about the then and the Search then NTER www.emachines.com To the and Click then Appearance and Screen The Shortcut You right-click then To the the Colors then the Highest To the the to the Click Apply If the right, If the the and the to their previous seconds. Click OK then to To the and XP: Click then The If Appearance and Themes Shortcut You right-click then Click The Click the To the depth, the arrow to the then the Highest To the the Screen to the then OK The
If the the the slightly and VGA VGA VESA VESA VGA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA DVI (19-inch
ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. This with the International ENERGY STAR which to of to their products to reduce of connected to that the VESA (DPMS) the reducing of the the the Active the Active the LED these and the reduced to the following To the when Active the or Access the options the to the of which the these states. www.emachines.com VESA LED 17-inch 19-inch On Active
To the the the to or near the from or heat the of sunlight. To the cloth slightly with only. the and Troubleshooting that the about the If with the the information this troubleshooting section them. that the connected correctly to both the back of the and the information about connecting the cord, Connecting the that the correctly to both the back of the and the information about the cord, Connecting the that the connected securely to the back of the and information about the Connecting the that the turned If the connected to If displays, both and this to learn to type of or cleaner. You permanently scratch the You this as and the typically that externally and both the user information.
or ghosts or correctly www.emachines.com If the LED that turned the or the to the of with the turned that the the of the that might or Turn off the and the from the back of Turn the back and seconds. If the functioning correctly, appears. information about the Connecting the Press then to the to the with the turned that the connected securely to the back of the and information about the Connecting the that the the of the that might or Press then to the to the or switchboxes. that the connected securely to the back of the and information about the Connecting the that the the of the that might or that the VGA that with Press then to the to the that the least about or brightness. Press then to the to the the to the instructions to the
If the stretched or the operating to match the information If trying to the that If displays: displays as the becomes the You the following and options to to www.widescreengamingforum.com The that or too bright This and the TFT LCD inspection these to If these numerous or Customer to whether or based the of affected. Connecting HDMI (19-inch You the HDMI of to the DVI of the the United States, HDMI-to-DVI from www.gateway.com using the completely from (such as HD DVR, or DVD This Connecting If to to this optional www.gateway.com from the United States). To the type of The sound of the that its USB the back of that the the front of the turned Turn the clockwise to the and increase the Turn the counter-clockwise to the and off the The lights when connected and the turned This caused the www.emachines.com updated You directly to the The the ATI www.ati.com www.intel.com www.nvidia.com to to the Registry. the Registry. Although the HDMI to the You the of to amplifier.
correctly and the there sound. You to know which headphone the to The sound from the sounds distorted. You microphone the microphone sound. www.emachines.com headphone/speaker muted using sound To headphone/speaker the the or Sounds and Devices the then Advanced the that the the lowest and highest You or both the Turn the the the of the sound the connected to. If the too high, the sound distorted. To the the user To the XP, the the the that the the lowest and highest that the microphone connected to the microphone microphone muted sound To microphones the the
Specifications Specifications to without or obligation. products to and from products. inches inches type 17-inch TFT with coating pitch inches inches Aspect ratio Brightness and ratio type/life CCFT/ hours hours Colors OSD English, Spanish, English, Spanish, Dutch and VGA VGA (included) (included) DVI-D included) input VAC, VAC, UL, FCC Class B, NOM, CE. UL, FCC Class B, NOM, CE. VCCI where VCCI where Wall mount inches with 17-inch 19-inch (VGA): VGA AC Normal operation: (power-save): VESA inches 19-inch TFT with coating (VGA): VGA (DVI-D): DVD-D with HDCP AC Normal operation: (power-save): VESA inches inches with
information information Notices Safety, and Notices
information Warning follow these instructions to and to Warning Gateway products classified as locations. include of and or Gateway and tested to the of information to of this that the instructions the and the followed. and follow instructions the and the and operating instructions this or heat such as the The should operated from the type of indicated the rating If switch, that the switch the The switch the factory to the the or cover these least inches around the when of the products with three-wire to that the properly grounded when The this only grounding-type This If to the to the If with this that the rating the products the the Warning To shock, the cover. serviceable servicing to service the or allow to the The to to eating and the to or If the to and allow to hours. Gateway Customer whether the to back the turned off, amount of flows through the To shock, and from the outlets cleaning the the from the and servicing to The or the The properly when the operating instructions The or the The performance and and Gateway. Safety, and Notices
information Recycling Mercury Warning The this mercury. to and The purchased extracted that the process. This known to to the or to health. To releases of the and to the of Gateway the following information responsibly or of the of life and (commonly known as WEEE) should of the The Crossed-Out to this to of of life properly. such as plastics, and recoverable, and You the following these or to back to or recycling. of life credit the purchase of Gateway Gateway to this If further recycling, or of life the Customer and to with Finally, that other actions and using the features of this (where recycling the and outer (including this and of or recycling properly. With reduce the amount of to and the of the of of life products, and of that released the and of properly. recycling information to please to www.gateway.com/recycle United States of America (FCC) FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following measures: or the Increase the the and the to outlet from that to which the connected the or Accessories: The associated with this shielded These to to with FCC www.emachines.com
FCC of conformity party: Inc. Irvine Irvine, CA US This with of the FCC of this to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. or Gateway the FCC and authority to the California warning This chemicals known to the State of California to and/or other information this warning, to www.gateway.com/prop65 Industry (IC) Unintentional ICES-003 This the Class from as the interference regulations of Industry Notices Inc. rights Inc. Irvine Irvine, CA USA Rights This protected copyright and rights of or or without writing from Gateway. The information this and to However, These incorporated publication editions. Gateway and/or products this to Gateway information which appear this the the www.gateway.com Gateway indirect, exemplary, or from or this of the of such the of Gateway the right to this and the products it without or obligation. acknowledgments Gateway and or of Gateway, Inc. the United States and other countries. other and or of their respective Safety, Regulatory, and Notices
MAN E17T6W/E19T6W GDE R2