the Troubleshooting Specifications
the Read instructions using the and them Follow and instructions the To the the the and To the base: the its the with the facing the back of the and the the with the the of the the the front of the securely built the clicks when the correctly attached. the upright and www.emachines.com
To the and the and easily the back of each. that reach correctly grounded The the or cover these these If the bookcase or other to least inches around the to the matching the back of the screws the to from Tightening the screws and TV interference. the that with the to the AC the back of the the that with the the other of the correctly grounded AC www.emachines.com
To the Press the the front of the Turn www.emachines.com MENU button EXIT Brightness/ Contrast/
the and off. when the operating normally, then flashes when the MENU the on-screen (OSD) or selects OSD option. Brightness/ OSD inactive: the brightness. OSD active: to and the OSD options. Contrast/ OSD inactive: the OSD active: to and the selected OSD option. the OSD or To Press the MENU The OSD CONTRAST www.emachines.com EXIT OSD
Press the or buttons to highlight OSD option to then the MENU to the option. The that option displayed. Press the or buttons to OSD option. Press the EXIT to and to the options Press the or buttons to highlight OSD option. OR- If finished the EXIT to and the OSD. On-screen options CONTRAST. the of white the and of BRIGHTNESS. the amount of light the of the POSITION. the of the SIZE. the of the POSITION. the of the SIZE. the of the www.emachines.com CONTRAST EXIT OSD
TILT. the PINCUSHION. Curves the of the or outward. PIN BALANCE. Curves the to the or right. PARALLELOGRAM. the to the or right. TRAPEZOID. Increases or the of the TOP CORNER Curves the top of the or BOTTOM CORNER Curves the of the or MOIRE the to counteract MOIRE the to counteract COLOR. Select from factory options (9300K and 6500K) or USER. USER the red, and RECALL. the to the factory LANGUAGE. the the OSD. OSD TIME the that the OSD the DEGAUSS the INFORMATION information selection highlighted. EXIT. and the OSD www.emachines.com
The from to Recommended Factory include www.emachines.com HF VF
Warning the turned off, amount of flows through the To shock, and from the outlets cleaning the To the Clean the using cloth lightly with the and the the to or the from or heat the of sunlight. the from that field. to burn-in. information about the that with type of or cleaner. You permanently scratch the www.emachines.com
Troubleshooting that the turned that the connected correctly to both the back of the and the that the connected securely to the back of If the that turned the or the to the of with the turned that the the of the that might or If the scrambled or right, the option the OSD to the to its factory with the turned that the securely to the back of that the the of the that might or the and brightness to the bounces, or waves that: Non-shielded too to the The too to another or light, shelf, or If of these the the another preferably www.emachines.com
or ghosts or switchboxes. that the connected securely to the back of that the the of the that might or that: The least about uniformity. Non-shielded too to the The too to another or light, shelf, or You the the option the OSD. or correctly the and the OSD to the the that the to the (the where the and casing This that the www.emachines.com
Specifications Specifications to without or CRT inch inches pitch Synchronization Recommended: supply AC TTL input (WHD) inches 50F to 91F (10C to 33C) Humidity: -4F to 140F (-20C to 60C) Humidity: www.emachines.com
Safety, Regulatory, and Information information Notices
information Gateway and tested to the of information to of this that the instructions the and the followed. Warning follow these instructions to and to Gateway and follow instructions the and the and operating instructions this or heat such as the The should operated from the type of indicated the rating If switch, that the switch the The switch the factory to the the or cover these least inches around the when of the products with three-wire to that the properly grounded when The this grounding-type This If to the to the If with this that the rating the products the the If with TV or that the or electrically grounded to protection and of charges. www.emachines.com
the or allow to the The to to eating and near the to or If the to and allow to Gateway Technical whether the to back the turned off, amount of flows through the To shock, and from the outlets cleaning the the from the and servicing to The or the The properly when the operating instructions followed. The or the The performance Warning To shock, the cover. serviceable servicing to service and and recommended Gateway. Warning Gateway products classified as locations. include of and or www.emachines.com
United States of America (FCC) Unintentional FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the receiving Increase the the and the to outlet from that to which the connected the or The associated with this shielded These to to with FCC FCC of conformity party: Gateway, Inc. Irvine, CA USA This with of the FCC of this to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. or Gateway the FCC and authority to the California Warning Warning This chemicals, including known to the State of California to or www.emachines.com
Industry (IC) ICES-003 This the Class from as the interference regulations of Industry EPA ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR Gateway that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency when with with www.emachines.com
Notices Copyright Inc. Rights CA USA Rights This protected copyright and rights of or or without writing from Gateway. The information this and to These incorporated publication editions. Gateway and/or products this to Gateway information which appear this the the Gateway www.gateway.com. Gateway indirect, exemplary, or from or this of the of such the of Gateway the right to this and the products without or Inc. rights and fi or of Inc, the United States and/or other other and of their respective owners. Acknowledgments Gateway and the Black-and-White or of Gateway, Inc. the U.S. and other countries. Spotshop.com, and Your:)Ware of Inc. and and MMX of Corporation. Microsoft, MS, MS-DOS, and or of Microsoft Corporation. other only, and the or of their respective www.emachines.com
MAN LGE 17F3 USR GDE R2