November AM
November AM
November AM Chapter Connecting the the optional the optional Starting the Troubleshooting Specifications
November AM www.emachines.com Connecting the To the the top, then the the clicks You to the buttons the to the smoothly. and the reach the back of each. the to the the back of the
November AM the optional www.emachines.com the optional Attaching the USB the right-angle VGA to the the back of the that turned off, then the other of the to the the back of the correctly grounded the United States, USB from Gateway www.gateway.com The and rotation. connected to USB to four USB to the USB the To the that the turned off. the the the of the
November AM www.emachines.com Press the release buttons the back of the then the of the Release Release the screw from the then the from the LCD Screw the four screws from the back of the LCD the four screws. Screw Screw Screw Screw
November AM the optional www.emachines.com the the base. the thumbscrew the with (or screwdriver) to the With the facing the mounting to the and then the from the Thumbscrew
November AM www.emachines.com the to the LCD the four screws previously. Screws the the mounting Press the to the right and then the and release the Screws
November AM the optional www.emachines.com height The factory to the height when to the height You to the the amounts of force to and the To height Press the screwdriver from below the to from the base. screwdriver through the the and the height screw the back of the the the USB the height screw the when If the when the screw clockwise If the when the screw counter-clockwise You to the screw the of Screwdriver Height screw
November AM www.emachines.com the height screw the and lowering forces the forces turn the screw clockwise to four to slightly the the height the top of the about inch below To the screw the top of the the when If the its when turn the screw clockwise to increase the The recommended positioning based the following These based and published Screen height The recommended height displays such as bifocal that the top of the should or slightly below (about inch or while This the of the to If the users, the height should easily to each height and preference. The should of sight to the This the when from the top of the to the You to lighting to when the upward. screw
November AM the optional www.emachines.com Connecting the USB Screen from The should first from the then back and forth to preference. The optional USB built-in, USB To these USB to the to and to To USB built-in USB the included USB the USB the back of USB and USB If the to USB the USB operates USB USB USB To to USB the AC to the the back of USB and AC
November AM www.emachines.com the optional the Tricks using the that the right-angle the the Headphone To the the back, then the below the that the Tighten the thumbscrews the back of the the USB to USB or the USB the headphone and microphone to headphone and microphone If already Microphone Headphone
November AM the www.emachines.com Starting the The appearance of from that shown. the the the OSD. This the to the the Turn the rotating the clockwise. To the Press the the front of The LED the Turn the LED the should Allow about seconds the to appear. If the LED or the troubleshooting information, Troubleshooting the of the the the the the right of the to to the the on-screen (OSD) to other information,
November AM www.emachines.com buttons The appearance of from that shown. the (located the and through to the information about This on-screen (OSD) that brightness, and other the The to the off the Info OSD active: Press to to the previous OSD inactive: Press to the and refresh of OSD active: Press to or OSD inactive: Press to the clock, and phase. (brightness) OSD active: Press to through selections and OSD options. OSD inactive: Press to the brightness. OSD active: Press to through selections and OSD options. OSD inactive: Press to the Press to the OSD. Press to the OSD. Info Brightness
November AM www.emachines.com On-screen options Tricks While the OSD active, on-screen appear to the to them. OSD To the OSD Press the The to the Press the The OSD the and to highlight then the to the selected or the and buttons to the to the or the option. Press the Info to to finished the the to
November AM www.emachines.com OSD Automatically to its the where brightness, and Geometry the Geometry where and Advanced the Advanced where the OSD and information about the to its factory Geometry Advanced Brightness the amount of light the of the the with to the of the backlights. You to the the of white the lightest and of the High increase white and increase the aspect ratio of the Brightness Scaling Geometry H-Position the and right. the and You the to the and automatically. Clock or the background. The change. Phase and clears or the displayed characters. Geometry H-Position Clock Phase OSD
November AM www.emachines.com OSD Advanced the the of the OSD. LED Brightness the brightness of the and LED to or If the input to displays that should to the If than that, this option to off the information Information Advanced LED Brightness Information and of the basic to to XP, to the the of to displayed with the of If the or played or the and to the highest necessary. the of to and to preference. The higher the the information and (such as and the Screen the such as title and boxes. XP, the to ClearType smoother already ClearType selected
November AM www.emachines.com information about then and Support. the Search then the To the or Click then Appearance and The To the depth, the Colors then the Highest To the the to the Click Apply If the right, If the the and the to their previous seconds. Click OK then to
November AM www.emachines.com XP information about then and Support. the phrase or the Search then the arrow. the or To the or screen Click then The If Appearance and Themes Click/Double-click the The Click the To the depth, the arrow to the then the To the the to the Click Apply If the right, If the the and the to their previous seconds. Click OK then to You the to ClearType smoother screen To the to ClearType: Click then The If Appearance and Themes
November AM www.emachines.com Click/Double-click the The Click the Appearance Click the Effects The Effects Click to the the following to smooth the of type Click the arrow to the then ClearType Click OK then OK
November AM www.emachines.com ENERGY STAR If the the the slightly and VGA VGA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. This with the International ENERGY STAR which to of to their products to reduce of
November AM www.emachines.com the of sunlight. type of or cleaner. You permanently scratch the connected to that the VESA (DPMS) the reducing of the the then the Active the Active the LED these and the reduced to the following VESA State LED On Active To the when Active the or Access the options the to the of which the these states. To the the the to or the from or heat To the cloth slightly with only. the and specifications this recommended and humidity. that of (such as the this F C) and than that the turned off attaching the and cords.
November AM Troubleshooting www.emachines.com Troubleshooting that the approximately about the quality. If with the the information this troubleshooting section them. that the connected correctly to both the back of the and the information about the cord, Connecting the that the connected correctly to both the back of the and the information about the cord, Connecting the that the connected securely to the back of the and information about the Connecting the that the turned If the LED that turned the or the to the of with the turned that the the of the that might or Turn off the and the from the back of Turn the back and seconds. If the functioning correctly, appears. information about the Connecting the Press the to the to the with the turned that the connected securely to the back of the and information about connecting the Connecting the that the the of the that might or
November AM www.emachines.com or ghosts or correctly The that or too bright Press the to the to the or switchboxes. that the connected securely to the back of the and information about the Connecting the that the the of the that might or Press the to the to the that the least about uniformity or brightness. Press the to the to the the to the instructions to the This and the TFT LCD inspection these to If these or Customer to whether or based the of affected. the sound of the that the USB the back of or the USB that the the front of the turned Turn the clockwise to the and increase the Turn the counter-clockwise to the and off the The lights when connected and the turned
November AM Troubleshooting www.emachines.com the and the sound. headphone/speaker muted using sound To headphone/speaker the the or Sounds and the then Advanced the that the the lowest and highest to headphones, there headphone both of the Which should You or both the The sound from the sounds distorted. Turn the the the of the sound the connected to. If the too high, the sound distorted. To the the To the XP, the the or Sounds and Devices the then Advanced using the that the the and highest microphone the microphone sound. that the microphone connected to the microphone microphone muted sound To microphones the the or Sounds and Devices the then Advanced
November AM www.emachines.com Specifications Brightness and ratio Specifications to without or obligation. products to specifications and from products. inches type 17-inch TFT with coating and pitch Aspect ratio type/life hours Colors 6500K OSD English, Spanish, and inputs (VGA): VGA AC VGA (included) Normal operation: (power-save): input VAC, UL, FCC Class B, NOM, CE, CB, VCCI, ROHS. Wall mount VESA inches inches with 41~95F (5~35C) Non-operating: -4~140F (-20~65C) Humidity RH (non-condensing) Non-operating: RH Non-operating:
November AM Safety, and Information information information Notices
November AM information www.emachines.com information Warning follow these instructions to and to Gateway Warning To shock, the cover. serviceable servicing to service Warning Gateway products classified as locations. include of and or Gateway and tested to the of information However, to of this that the instructions the and the Read and follow instructions the and the and operating instructions this or heat such as the The should only operated from the type of indicated the rating If switch, that the switch the The switch the factory to the the or cover these least inches around the when of the products with three-wire to that the properly grounded when The this grounding-type This If to the to the If with this that the rating the products the the If with TV or that the or electrically grounded to protection and of charges. the or allow to anything the The to to eating and the to or If the to it and allow to hours. Gateway Customer whether the to turn back the turned off, amount of flows through the To shock, and from the cleaning the the from the outlet and servicing to The or the The properly when the operating instructions followed. The or the The performance and and recommended Gateway.
November AM information www.emachines.com information Recycling Mercury Warning this mercury and or of to or EPA ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR The purchased extracted that the process. This known to to the or to health. To releases of the and to the of Gateway the following information responsibly or of the of life and (commonly known as WEEE) should of the The Crossed-Out to this to of of life properly. such as plastics, and compounds recoverable, and You the following these or to it back to or recycling. of life the purchase of Gateway Gateway to this If further recycling, or of life the Customer and to with Finally, that other actions and the features of this (where recycling the and (including this and of or recycling properly. With reduce the amount of to and the of the of of life products, and of that released the and of properly. recycling information to please to www.gateway.com/recycle ENERGY STAR Gateway that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency when with with
November AM www.emachines.com United States of America or Gateway the FCC and authority to the California Warning This chemicals, including known to the State of California to or (FCC) FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the to outlet from that to which the connected the or The associated with this shielded These to to with FCC FCC of conformity party: Gateway, Inc. Irvine CA US This with of the FCC of this to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. Industry (IC) ICES-003 This the Class from as the interference of Industry
November AM Notices www.emachines.com Notices Inc. rights Gateway, Inc. Irvine CA USA Rights This publication protected copyright and rights of or transmitted or without writing from Gateway. The information this and to periodically. These incorporated publication editions. Gateway and/or products this to Gateway information which appear this the the Gateway www.gateway.com Gateway indirect, exemplary, or from or this of the of such the of Gateway the right to this and the products without or Acknowledgments Gateway and or of Gateway, Inc. the United States and other countries. other and or of their respective
November AM Notices www.emachines.com
November AM
November AM MAN E17T4W USR GDE R0