Connecting the the optional the height-adjustable Starting the buttons On-screen options ENERGY STAR Troubleshooting or ghosts or correctly The that or too bright Specifications 15-inch 17-inch Safety, Regulatory, and Information www.gateway.com
www.gateway.com
Connecting the Attaching and the optional Starting the and troubleshooting Specifications
Connecting the To the the then the the clicks and the reach the back of each. the to the the back of the www.gateway.com
the VGA to the the back of the that turned off, then the other of the to the VGA the back of the correctly grounded www.gateway.com Connecting the
Attaching the optional You from www.gateway.com The height, and rotation. To the height-adjustable the off. the face-down Allow the to the of the Press the release buttons the back of the then the of the Release Release www.gateway.com
the screw from the then the from the LCD the screw. Screw the cover the the cover using the screw from the the four screws from the back of the LCD the four screws. Screw Screw Screw Screw www.gateway.com Attaching the optional
the mounting to the LCD using the four screws the four screws with the to the to the the screws through the of the and the www.gateway.com screws
the height-adjustable from to height inches www.gateway.com the height-adjustable or and right
the To the Press the the front of The LED the Turn the LED the should Allow about seconds the to appear. If the LED or the troubleshooting information, Troubleshooting the of the the the the the right of the to to the the on-screen (OSD) to other information, the the the OSD. This the to the the www.gateway.com applications, the the 15-inch and the the 17-inch
the (located the and through to the information about This on-screen (OSD) that brightness, and other the The to the off the Info OSD active: Press to to the OSD inactive: Press to the and refresh of OSD active: Press to or OSD inactive: the clock, and phase. www.gateway.com Info Brightness
(brightness) OSD active: Press to through selections and OSD OSD inactive: Press to the brightness. OSD active: Press to through selections and OSD OSD inactive: Press to the Press to the OSD. Press to or to On-screen options OSD To the OSD Press the The OSD the and buttons to highlight then the to the selected or the and buttons to the to the or the option. Press the to to finished the the to While the OSD active, appear to the Tricks to them. www.gateway.com
OSD OSD Automatically to its Brightness the amount of light the of the the lowest with to the of the backlights. Geometry Advanced Brightness www.gateway.com the where brightness, and Geometry the Geometry where and Advanced the Advanced where the OSD and information about the to its factory You to the the of white the lightest and of the High increase white and increase
OSD Geometry H-Position the and right. Geometry H-Position Clock Phase Advanced the Advanced LED Brightness Information www.gateway.com the and You the to the and automatically. Clock or the background. The Phase and clears or sharpens the characters. Changes the of the OSD. LED Brightness the brightness of the and LED to or Information
depth, and three of the to the the of with the of choose from the that the or the highest If the or played or the and it to Color, necessary. To the Click then The If Appearance and Themes Click/Double-click the The Click the Gateway FPD 82810E Graphics www.gateway.com
Click the arrow to the then the Click OK then to information about and then and the the Search then the arrow. the You the to increase the to or the to reading and the The higher the the of the (such as and appear. To the Click then The If Appearance and Themes Click/Double-click the The Click the www.gateway.com Gateway FPD 82810E Graphics
the to the Click OK then to information about and then and the the Search then the arrow. You the to ClearType smoother To the to ClearType: Click then The If Appearance and Themes Click/Double-click the The Click the Appearance Click the Effects The Effects Click to the the following to smooth the of type www.gateway.com
Click the arrow to the then click ClearType Click OK www.gateway.com
If the the the slightly 15-inch 17-inch and VGA VGA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA and VGA VGA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA www.gateway.com
ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. This with the International ENERGY STAR which to of to their products to reduce of connected to that the VESA (DPMS) the reducing of the the then the Active the Active the LED these and the reduced to the following To the when Active the or Access the options the to the of which the these www.gateway.com VESA State LED On 15-inch: Active 17-inch:
To the the the to or the from or heat the of sunlight. To the cloth slightly with only. the and type of or cleaner. You permanently scratch the Troubleshooting If with the the information this troubleshooting section them. that the about the that the connected correctly to both the back of the and the information about connecting the cord, Connecting the www.gateway.com
Press the to that selected the that the connected correctly to both the back of the and the information about the cord, Connecting the that the connected securely to the back of the and information about connecting the Connecting the that the turned If the LED that turned the or the to the of with the turned that the the of the that might or Turn off the and the from the back of Turn the back and seconds. If the functioning correctly, appears. information about connecting the Connecting the Press the to the to the with the turned that the connected securely to the back of the and information about the cord, Connecting the that the the of the that might or www.gateway.com
or ghosts Press the to the to the or switchboxes. that the connected securely to the back of the and information about connecting the cord, Connecting the that the the of the that might or Press the to the to the that the least about uniformity or brightness. or correctly Press the to the to the the to the instructions to the The that or too bright This and the TFT LCD inspection these to If these or Customer to whether or based the of affected. www.gateway.com Troubleshooting
Specifications Specifications to without or products and its to specifications and from products. 15-inch inches type 15-inch TFT with coating pitch inches Aspect ratio Brightness and ratio type/life hours Colors OSD English, Spanish, and (VGA): VGA (DVI-D): DVD-D AC input VGA (included) DVI-D included) Normal operation: (power-save): input VAC, UL, FCC Class B, NOM,CE, TUV/GS. VCCI and TCO99 where Wall mount VESA inches inches with www.gateway.com
17-inch inches type 17-inch TFT with coating pitch inches Aspect ratio Brightness and ratio type/life hours Colors OSD English, Spanish, and (VGA): VGA (DVI-D): DVD-D AC input VGA (included) DVI-D included) Normal operation: (power-save): input VAC, UL, FCC Class B, NOM,CE, TUV/GS. VCCI and TCO99 where Wall mount VESA inches inches with www.gateway.com Specifications
www.gateway.com
Safety, Regulatory, and Information information Notices Chapter
information and tested to the of information to of this that the instructions the and the followed. follow these instructions to Warning and to and follow instructions the and the and operating instructions this or heat such as the The should operated from the type of indicated the rating If switch, that the switch the The switch the factory to the the or cover these least inches around the when of the products with three-wire to that the properly grounded when The this only grounding-type This If to the to the If with this that the rating the products the the If with TV or that the or electrically grounded to protection and of charges. www.gateway.com
the or allow anything to the The to to eating and the to or near If the to and allow to hours. Customer whether the to back the turned off, amount of flows through the To shock, and from the outlets cleaning the the from the outlet and servicing to The or the The properly when the operating instructions followed. The or the The performance To shock, the cover. user Warning serviceable servicing to service and only and recommended products classified as Warning locations. include of and or www.gateway.com
information The purchased extracted that the process. This to to the or to health. To releases of the and to the of the following information or of the of life and (commonly known as WEEE) should of the The Crossed-Out to this to of of life properly. such as plastics, and highly recoverable, and You the following these or to back to or recycling. of life credit the purchase of to this If further recycling, or of life the Customer and to with Finally, that other actions and using the of this (where recycling the and (including this and of or recycling properly. With reduce the amount of to and the of the of of life products, and of that released the and of properly. www.gateway.com
United States of America (FCC) Unintentional FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the to outlet from that to which the connected the or The associated with this shielded These to to with FCC FCC of conformity party: Inc. Irvine Irvine, CA US This with of the FCC of this to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. or the FCC and authority to the California Warning This chemicals, including known to the State Warning of California to or Mercury Warning this mercury and Warning or of to or www.gateway.com
(IC) Unintentional ICES-003 This the Class from as the interference of Industry EPA ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency when with with ENERGY STAR www.gateway.com
Notices Inc. rights Inc. Irvine Irvine, CA USA Rights This publication protected copyright and rights of or transmitted or without writing from The information this and to These incorporated editions. and/or products this publication to information which appear this the the www.emachines.com indirect, exemplary, or from or this of the of such the of the right to this and the products without or Acknowledgments and or of Inc. the United States and other countries. other and or of their respective www.gateway.com
MAN MON EM 15/17/19T4 USR GDE R1