D620
Copyright Incorporated. Rights D620 This or warranties, or implied, with to the hereof and specifically the of merchantability or Although to this (including, to, this publication. to the information this without to of such revisions or incorporated editions of this or and publications. This or or implied, with to the hereof and specifically the warranties of merchantability or Record the purchase and of purchase information the below. The and the to concerning should include the and purchase information. of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or means, electronically, mechanically, recording or otherwise, without the written of Incorporated. D620 PC of purchase: of purchase: and the of Incorporated. Other or only and to their respective
First things first would to thank choice computing To of First off, the with The information applying to the It covers topics such as Recovery the Please that to its the as as the below to or which of the the purchased. instances the text with such as The to the features and of to please to the This information such as recovery, options and troubleshooting. it warranty information and the and It Format (PDF) and Follow these to Click Click the If clicking the first. Follow the instructions the to the installation. instructions to the and
English as illustrated the around Top
Item Integrated Microphone microphone sound recording. (LCD), displays HDD Indicates when the active. when the Touch-sensitive which Click The and right buttons function the and right) and right buttons. Indicates the the and off. The front when the cover closed Lights when activated. Lights when activated. Indicates the Battery Charging: The light shows when the The light shows when AC Wireless LAN Indicates the of wireless LAN English
front English Item and right from microphones. Microphone-in Headphones/ to headphones). Wireless switch Latch and releases the Rear Item the to cool, prolonged the wireless function. option).
Item to Kensington-compatible security lock. CDs or Emergency Location Lights when the active. Ejects the from the Ejects the when the turned off. the security around such as or of the the notch and the to the to the to the when the off. English
Right English Item USB to USB USB USB Ethernet (RJ-45) to Ethernet 10/100-based to (VGA) LCD to AC
Battery Houses the Battery the Houses the with screws). Memory Houses the memory. Battery release Releases the Item English
Specifications English Platform AMD Athlon or higher AMD RS690MC/SB600 Chipset IEEE memory to GB of DDR2 memory, to GB WXGA Graphics ATI Graphics subsystem option: DVD/CD-RW built-in High-definition MS-Sound microphone Integrated WLAN: IEEE LAN: ready (W) (D) (H) inches) with BIOS HDD ACPI subsystem AC and I/O interface USB (VGA) Headphones/speaker/line-out Microphone-in Ethernet (RJ-45) AC
C to C Non-operating: C to C Humidity (non-condensing): to Non-operating: to The reference only. The of PC the purchased. English