E630/E430
Copyright Rights E630/E430 E630/E430 PC of purchase: of purchase:
First things first would to thank choice computing To of First off, the with The information applying to the It covers topics such as Recovery the Please that to its the as as the below to or which only contained of the the purchased. instances the text with such as The to the and of to please to the This information such as recovery, options and troubleshooting. warranty information and the regulations and It Format (PDF) and Follow these to Click Click the If clicking the first. Follow the instructions the to the instructions to the and
English as illustrated the around Top Item Integrated
Item (LCD), displays the internal and off. and right Touch-sensitive which Click buttons The and right function the and right) and right buttons. when the HDD Indicates when the active. The or combinations to of the and To and the the other the Function <F4> the <F5> Switches the connected) and both. <F6> the backlight off to Press to Turns the and off. Wireless LAN Lights when activated. Lights when activated. the wireless LAN function. Indicates the of wireless LAN English
Function English <F8> the and off. Increases the sound Decreases the sound Brightness Increases the brightness. Brightness Decreases the brightness. Closed front Item Indicates the (SD), (MMC), Memory (MS), Memory PRO (MS PRO), Card to the The front when the cover closed Indicates the Battery Charging: The light shows when the The light shows when AC
Rear Item the to cool, prolonged Item to AC Ethernet (RJ-45) to Ethernet 10/100-based (VGA) to LCD USB to USB USB USB from Microphone-in microphones. Headphones/speaker/ to headphones). English
Right English Item CDs or Lights when the active. Ejects the from the Emergency Ejects the when the off. to the to the when the off. to Kensington-compatible security lock. the security around such as or of the the notch and the to the
Item Battery Houses the Battery release Releases the Battery the Houses the with screws). Memory Houses the memory. and the to cool, cooling prolonged cover or the of the English
Specifications CPU/chipset AMD Turion II memory to GB of DDR2 memory, to GB HD aspect ratio Graphics ATI HD Graphics subsystem built-in High-definition MS-Sound Communication Integrated WLAN: IEEE LAN: ready (W) (D) (H) inches) with BIOS HDD ACPI subsystem AC and I/O interface (SD, MMC, MS, MS PRO, USB (VGA) Headphones/speaker/line-out Microphone-in Ethernet (RJ-45) AC AMD Athlon II AMD AMD M880G Chipset ENERGY STAR
C to C Non-operating: C to C Humidity (non-condensing): to Non-operating: to The specifications reference only. The of PC the purchased. English