E510
Copyright Rights E510 to the information this without to of such revisions or incorporated editions of this or and publications. This or warranties, or implied, with to the hereof and specifically the of merchantability or Record the purchase and of purchase information the below. The and recorded the to concerning should include the and purchase information. of this reproduced, or transmitted, or electronically, mechanically, recording or otherwise, without the written of Incorporated. E510 PC of purchase: of purchase: and the of Incorporated. Other or and to their respective
Information and instructions these instructions this reference. Follow and instructions the Turning the off cleaning this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. CAUTION as the following when connecting and to the supply the supply connecting the to the AC the the supply from the If the of from the cords from the CAUTION that the outlet the easily and located as to the as to to the to the from the CAUTION To hearing, follow these instructions. Increase the hear clearly and comfortably. increase the ears to high increase the to surroundings. Decrease the can't hear people this this or If the seriously and to
of the and to from overheating. These or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat or built-in of this through as they or short-out that fire or shock. of or the To of internal and to the it exercising, or which or HDD, and from lithium This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or allow to the cord. this where people the cord. If with this that the rating of the the the Also, that the rating of products the outlet the or too The of the branch If used, the should of the input This AC with three-wire grounded The fits grounded the outlet properly grounded the AC the non-grounded Warning! The grounding outlet that properly grounded shock and/or injury. The grounding protection from other that with the performance of this
the with the supply If to the that the the following type, UL listed/CSA certified, type SPT-2, rated VDE or its length. Product servicing to service this yourself, as or covers to or other servicing to service this from the and servicing to service when: the or or the the to or the or the the performance, indicating service the normally following the operating instructions This Lithium-ion battery. or or or heat high location, sunlight, microwave or and to 60C (140F). to follow these the to become or and and/or or the battery. If the and with the thoroughly with and immediately. reasons, and to the of the battery, charging below 0C (32F) or 40C (104F). The performance of achieved or three and The and of eventually wear the becomes noticeably than battery. and recharge with chargers this those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often to the to
the its charger or that short-circuit the battery. short-circuiting when such as or of the and terminals of the battery. (These the battery.) This might when or Short-circuiting the terminals the or the The and of the reduced the or such as closed or winter. to the 15C and 25C (59F and 77F). with or temporarily, when the charged. Battery performance below of fire as they of to Please when as household Wireless to interference from the battery, which performance. Potentially Switch off with atmosphere and and instructions. atmospheres include where would normally to off vehicle such or fire or death. Switch off the service stations. the of and areas; or where operations with atmosphere They include below or vehicles (such as or and where the chemicals or such as or switch the when wireless phone prohibited or when interference or the The lithium batteries. the with the type as that which with of another of fire or Telephone Disconnect from the when and/or servicing. Warning! properly. or of them fire. them from Follow when of
To the of shock from the to this or thunderstorms. Additional information and its them of the reach of to follow force and switch off when its or when interference or the its operating This RF when normally, and and its least inches) from to the below). It should and should the the above-stated from To or this to the of or such that the instructions the completed. of the attracted to the and with hearing should the to the ear with the hearing or other the information them of including wireless with the functionality of protected physician or the of the to they shielded from RF or Switch off health when these to or health that to RF that of inches) wireless and to interference with the These with the research and Warning! reasons, when or purchase Warning! reasons, off wireless or when using the following These to: wireless (WLAN), Bluetooth and/or 3G.
of Wireless Research. with should the following: the than inches) from the Not the when the switched If interference, switch off and Hearing wireless with hearing If interference service RF improperly or shielded vehicles such as injection and information, with the or its of vehicle or that should service the or the vehicle. or service and warranty that apply to the that wireless vehicle mounted and operating properly. or or the as the its or vehicles with that with force. including or wireless the the or the If in-vehicle wireless improperly and the inflates, serious while prohibited. Switch off aircraft. The of wireless teledevices to the operation of the aircraft, the wireless and Potentially Switch off when with atmosphere and and instructions. atmospheres include where would normally to off vehicle such or fire or death. Switch off the such as service stations. the of and areas; or where operations with atmosphere clearly They include below or vehicles using (such as or and where the chemicals or such as or
Emergency Warning: You through this To through phone or other telephone instructions throw this the when To and protection of the please information the from and (WEEE) Mercury or products containing LCD/CRT or this mercury and or of to or information, the Industries information, www.lamprecycle.org. and information Computer of and headaches prolonged of physical hours of front of stress, health and other factors greatly increase the of physical Incorrect to tendonitis, or other The following appear the wrists, shoulders, or back: numbness, or burning or aching, or or throbbing or tightness
or weakness If these or other recurring or and/or related to physician immediately and inform health and The following section the of the or height to comfort. the following from too and/or and around to the to and shoulders or shoulders the and properly and within reach than the the of to of hours, wearing incorrect or poorly focused typefaces and low-contrast displays The following sections to reduce frequently. from the and focusing to from clean. head higher than the top of the when the of the the and/or to text readability and graphics clarity. and reflections by: such that the the or light light or using light the
using glare-reduction using such as of from the top front to bright light such as of the following to relaxing and productive: and stretching Breathe fresh as often as and healthy Warning! using the or If this regularly, and stretching information, please to "Regulations and notices" the
This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and This interference received, including interference that operation. The following this Product PC ICL50 type: E510 SKU or Z) of party: America Corporation of party: CA USA Representitive Declaration of Conformity
3F, road, District, Person: that: Product: PC ICL50 E510 SKU or Z) with the and other of the following EC and that the necessary and force to that of the comply with the EMC Directive 2004/108/EC as conformity with the following harmonized EN55022:1998 A1:2000 A2:2003, AS/NZS CISPR22:2002, Class EN55024:1998 A1:2001 A2:2003 EN61000-3-2:2000 A2:2005, Class EN61000-3-3:1995 A1:2001 A2:2005 Directive 2006/95/EC as conformity with the following harmonized EN60950-1:2001 A11:2004 Council Decision 98/482/EC (CTR21) to the Switched Telephone Network (PSTN). Directive 2002/95/EC the Restriction of the of and R&TTE Directive 1999/5/EC as conformity with the following harmonized Health and EN60950-1:2001+ A11:2004 EN50371:2002 EMC EN301 V1.4.1 EN301 V1.4.1 EN301 V1.2.1 EN300 V1.6.1 EN301 V1.2.3 Director CE February
things first would to thank choice computing To of and using Turning and off To the and release the below the LCD the easy-launch buttons. "Top the location of the off, the with The to the and functions of to please to the This information such as recovery, options and troubleshooting. warranty information and the and It Format (PDF) and To the user the
To the off, of the following: then Down. choose then Turn Computer. the You the the <F4>. of of the to sunlight. of heat, such as the to below C or C the to the to or or the the to heavy shock or the to or top of the the when the of AC to of AC the to other the or heavy top of the and from foot traffic. the cord, the the The of the should the rating of the cord. Also, the rating of should the If off the normally, and the than four seconds to the If off the and to least seconds
of to of of the as Turn the off or batteries. with batteries. them from of to regulations. Cleaning and servicing cleaning the follow these Turn off the and the the AC cloth. or cleaners. If of the following the or the the normally please to
English as illustrated the around Top ICON Item Microphone microphone sound recording.
ICON Item Integrated selected (LCD), displays the and off. Wireless and right when the Touch-sensitive which Click buttons The and right function the and right) and right buttons; the as Indicates the The front when the cover closed Indicates the Battery Charging: The light shows when the The light shows when AC HDD Indicates when the active. Lights when activated. Lights when activated. Increases the sound Decreases the sound the wireless function. Indicates the of wireless LAN English
Closed front English Item Microphone-in input from microphones. Headphones/speaker/ to headphones). Latch and releases the Item to Kensington-compatible security lock. Connects to (VGA) LCD Ethernet (RJ-45) to Ethernet 10/100-based USB to USB USB USB the around such as or of the the notch and turn the to the
Right Item USB to USB USB USB CDs or Lights when the active. Ejects the from the Emergency Ejects the when the turned off. Rear Item to AC the to cool, prolonged to the to the when the off. English
English Item Battery Houses the Battery release Releases the Battery the Memory Houses the memory. Houses the with screws). and the to cool, cooling prolonged cover or the of the
Specifications console/X-Windows Platform memory DDR2 SDRAM to GB of DDR2 memory, to GB using WXGA Graphics GL960 Chipset GB or subsystem DVD/CD-RW This of CD playback. High-definition with built-in Communication Integrated microphone WLAN: IEEE LAN: ready 56K ITU V.92 with PTT Wake-on-Ring ready (W) (D) (H) and inches) with ACPI CPU subsystem and Hibernation AC and GL960 Chipset IEEE Graphics X3100) English
I/O interface Three USB (VGA) Headphones/speaker/line-out Microphone-in Ethernet (RJ-45) AC English and MB or GB DDR2 AC USB Software C to C Non-operating: C to C (non-condensing): to Non-operating: to The specifications reference only. The of PC the purchased.
The built-in that its This the as the of the The location the and basics The following items to the the to the Press the and right located beneath the to selection and These to the and right buttons the the as clicking the the to or and or right This the right of Right Function the as double-clicking Select Click once. once.
Right Function English Click and then the to the Access Click and to right. Click once. using the and and clean. The to hence, the the the the increase the the as double-clicking button); the the and the
the The and lock, function and and The three which and off. alphabetic characters typed <F11> <F12> The functions It indicated characters located the right of the keycaps. To the the off while while while the the The function as with the arithmetic and this when to of entry. to the or when the or arrow respectively. with English
(only English The that Windows-specific Application Pressed this the as clicking the the It with other to of or the <D>: the <E>: <F>: Search or <G>: through <L>: to or switch users connected to <M>: <R>: the <T>: through the <U>: Ease of Access <X>: <BREAK>: the <SHIFT+M>: to the <TAB>: through the 3-D <SPACEBAR>: Bring to the front and <CTRL> <F>: Search <CTRL> <TAB>: the arrow to through the 3-D of shortcuts function as This the as clicking the right the
The or to of the brightness and To and the the other the Function <F1> <F2> Property information information. only) <F3> only) <F4> the <F5> Switches the connected) and both. <F6> the off to Press to <F7> the internal and off. <F8> the and off. Brightness Increases the screen brightness. Brightness Decreases the brightness. Increases the sound Decreases the sound KInfoCenter information. only) only) English
English You the and the US the and/or bottom-right of The text or the bottom-right of the or and then the the of the The US text or Either the bottom-right of the or and then the the of the and software the This function to the
Network This LAN and wireless to to to the wireless Click the WIRELESS Click WIRELESS LIST to the of wireless Select the wireless to to and CONNECT. You connected. shortcut, right-click the WIRELESS and choose WIRELESS LIST. CD DVD burning KDE. This to burn CD/DVD or to CD with CD Choose NEW DATA CD PROJECT. and the to the CD. Click BURN. Click BURN to the burning process. *If there SUCCESS. Click CLOSE. If CD this prompted to (or CD, and the BURN CD. English
Choose DISCARD. English To the of follow these of END CURRENT SESSION. On the WELCOME LANGUAGE the of Choose the and CHANGE LANGUAGE. To CD, choose NEW AUDIO CD PROJECT and follow the CD.
username and You choose to the as or the English
English The following of that the of each turned the the or the If to the the following: If using the battery, and to the the AC to recharge the that the AC properly the and to the If the following: non-bootable the USB or with and to the Nothing appears the The the to Press to the back If the back three things might the The brightness might too Press (increase) to the The might to Press the <F5> to the back to the If the the Press and release the to heard from the the following: The muted. the the If crossed-out, the and the option. The too the the You the buttons to the
If headphones, earphones or connected to the the the internal off. to the without turning the There mechanical the the of or the and to the The respond. attaching to USB the If or authorized service as the The the following: that the connected to outlet and that turned that the connected securely to the or USB and the the to to its without recovery CDs. This recovery the C: with the software that when purchase Follow the below to C: C: and It to back this option. operation, please the BIOS to recovery or the D2D Recovery Enabled. the BIOS and The If the the operating and choose when first the the option recovery operations. To the BIOS <F2> POST. English
To the recovery process: English the While the showing, <F10> the to the recovery process. to the onscreen instructions to recovery. to to its recovery The Recovery to the with the software that when purchased Follow the below to and It to back this option. Press the to the Press F2 the (when the bootup) to BIOS Select the to instructions to the first to bootable the Recovery the selected Select from the or F10. Follow the onscreen instructions to the process. finish. to the of Firefox? to Firefox the search There Firefox RPM choose from. to to Firefox search firefox-2.0.11- and downloading, -Uvh You should Firefox. This GB
Battery The that charges. Battery characteristics The the following characteristics: Employs battery-low warning. The recharged whenever the to the AC charge-in-use, to recharge the while to the recharging with the turned off significantly charge The when or It to as the battery's other batteries, This that the battery's performance with and To battery's life, to to the below. Conditioning the first there "conditioning" that should follow: the without turning the the AC and charge the battery. the AC Turn the and the the battery-low appears. the AC and charge the English English
Follow these the and three English this conditioning batteries, or hasn't If the to than to the from the following the conditioning to the charge. to follow this from the charge, and the effective of the battery. the of the affected the following the AC with the If to AC to the Not and recharging the battery to its as the the battery, the reach the of its effective life. of about charges. and the To the with the that the with the first, and that the top of the facing the the and the Warning: to below 0C (32F) or 45C (113F). the battery the from the the AC to off the first.
To the release to release the battery. the from the Charging the To charge the battery, first that correctly the the AC the and to You to AC while charging the with the turned off charge Checking the The the the the battery/power the to the battery's charge the of operation, the charge/recharge and recharging efficiency. You to follow the below: Purchase AC whenever on-the-go the cool, The recommended 10C (50F) to 30C (86F). Higher the to recharging the life. AC and battery. You to charge the the Charging the overnight to the with battery. English English
Battery-low warning English using to the the battery-low warning appears, the recommended of action Recommended Action The AC and outlet The AC or outlet You Warning: the AC as as the battery-low appears. the to become and the the AC the and then to the supply. Turn off the to recharge the applications. the operating to off the the Turn the and the operating to off the
PC with This section and hints to when around or with Disconnecting from the Follow these to from or from the the the cover. Disconnect the from the AC Disconnect the and other Disconnect the using to the around within from office to the the and the cover to You the anywhere within the building. To the of the then and release the If the to office or choose to the Click then Click choose then Turn Computer. You the <F4>. Then and the ready to the and the then and release the English
English What to to If relatively to with other than If or to the AC with to the If the reduce the the the Press <F4> or the cover whenever actively the To the closed), then and release the button. the from office to or the the from follow these to the the that and from the to the the head. the protective that the from around and cushion should What to with items the following items with AC and The If the off, the Hibernation and turned off. If the off the the both and release the to the back that the Hibernation of items to the top cover of the the top cover the
Follow these to while to and from the of the with If to of and the with the the of the to the to heat. and Allow the to to and inspect the turning the If the than C F), allow the to to slowly. If the with and office If to purchase AC With AC carrying the to and from If of might to or with the within instance, from office building to office building or locally. the the as that the the charged. Airport security to when carrying the What to with the following items with AC pack(s) Additional to another English
English to the the follow these to while the as carry-on If the inspected hand. Airport security the through exposing to internationally with the from country to country. the the as would normally What to with Bring the following items with AC that the country to which Additional to another of purchase, to to officials International Warranty Follow the considerations as when with the these when internationally: another country, that the AC and the AC If purchase that with the AC to the If the the and with the telecommunications of the country
investment that to of. Learn to and of Security include and software security notch and security The with Kensington-compatible security security lock. security around such as or of the the notch and turn the to the lock. from unauthorized access. these of protection and unauthorized the BIOS Once this to to the BIOS "BIOS Combine the of this with boot-up and from Hibernation security. unauthorized Combine the of this with checkpoints boot-up and from Hibernation security. If please with or authorized service English
English appears the of the the appears when <F2> to the BIOS boot-up. the and to the BIOS If the incorrectly, warning appears. and the and the appears boot-up. the and to the If the incorrectly, warning appears. and You using the BIOS You three to If to the correctly three the Press and the four seconds to the Then the and try
through options PC offers computing Connectivity options allow to peripheral to as would with PC. instructions to to the the following section. The built-in allows to to Ethernet-based To the Ethernet from the Ethernet (RJ-45) the chassis of the to or English
Universal (USB) English The USB high-speed which allows to USB without memory Follow these to memory: Turn off the the AC connected) and the Then the to its base. the screws from the memory cover; then and the memory cover. the memory the then it clicks the memory cover and with the screw. the and the AC Turn the The and the memory Please or
BIOS The BIOS built BIOS. already properly and optimized, and to this to To the BIOS <F2> the POST; while the PC displayed. To the the BIOS the BIOS then from the the top of the recovery To recovery recovery), the BIOS then from the the top of the D2D Recovery the of the and the <F5> and <F6> to this to Enabled. To the BIOS utility, then Security from the the top of the and the <F5> and <F6> to this English
DVD English the DVD the DVD the DVD The DVD seconds. Country or USA, East, South Africa, Southeast South New USSR, of Africa, People's of the DVD the first the to the DVD Once DVD to DVD of that only. You the of (including the first which the Recovering the of the to the below DVD information. To the DVD of the DVD Please to the information.
Troubleshooting This chapter shows to with it technician to serious the to the yourself; or authorized service Troubleshooting This PC incorporates advanced that reports to If the reports or below. If the "You should Firefox." If the and the corrective action. The following the together with the recommended of action. Corrective action CMOS or authorized service CMOS or authorized service (bootable) the (A:), then to Press <F2> POST) to the BIOS then the BIOS to or authorized service type or authorized service I/O or authorized service or or authorized service connected interface or authorized service Memory Press <F2> POST) to the BIOS then the BIOS to If through the corrective measures, please or authorized service using the BIOS English English
Regulations and English FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or Notice: to other computing shielded to with FCC Notice: peripherals (input/output to comply with the Class attached to this with peripherals to interference to and TV reception. or the the authority, which the to this This with of the FCC to the following this interference,
and this interference received, including interference that operation. Notice: users This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Declaration of Conformity EU countries that this PC with the and other of Directive 1999/5/EC. (Please with Notice USA This with of the FCC Located the that other information, the FCC and (REN) this this information to telephone If telephone to the telephone the telephone service temporarily. If they as as You of right to with the FCC. English English
its operations, or that the functioning of If they to opportunity to telephone service. English If this should to properly, the from the to causing the If the with the and or TBR This [Council Decision 98/482/EC "TBR to the Switched Telephone Network (PSTN). to the the of of every PSTN termination the of should the first instance. of countries EU as of Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, the United Poland, and the countries of Union, as as Iceland and This with the and the country of further information, please office the country of Notice reasons, only with This includes previously or certified. To reduce the of fire, AWG or UL or CSA Certified Telecommunication Cord.
Notice New The of item of that that the item with to its It of the of warranty. that item correctly with another item of Telepermitted of or imply that with of Telecom's services. This operating of operation the higher which it responsibility should such with Telecom's the (PC) associated with this The associated to within the following with Telecom's Specifications: There than to the within initiation, and The of than seconds the of and the of the with Telecom's the (PC) associated with this to within the with Telecom's specifications, the associated to that to spaced such that there than seconds the of and the of another. This to to Telecom's Emergency Service. This with while the DTMF tone There that to of when this connected to the as other to or and Should such the should NOT the Service. This the effective of to another to the this Please that telephone, English
English The CD or DVD with this The CD or DVD (shown below) located the CLASS LASER PRODUCT CAUTION: INVISIBLE LASER RADIATION WHEN OPEN. AVOID EXPOSURE TO BEAM. APPAREIL LASER DE CLASSE PRODUIT LASERATTENTION: RADIATION DU FAISCEAU LASER INVISIBLE EN CAS DOUVERTURE. EVITTER TOUTE EXPOSITION AUX RAYONS. LUOKAN LASERLAITE LASER KLASSE VORSICHT: UNSICHTBARE LASERSTRAHLUNG, WENN ABDECKUNG GEFFNET NICHT DEM STRAHLL AUSSETZEN PRODUCTO LSER DE LA CLASE ADVERTENCIA: RADIACIN LSER INVISIBLE AL SER ABIERTO. EVITE EXPONERSE LOS RAYOS. ADVARSEL: LASERSTRLING VEDBNING SE IKKE IND STRLEN. VARO! LAVATTAESSA OLET ALTTINA LASERSTEILYLLE. VARNING: LASERSTRLNING NR DENNA DEL R PPNAD L TUIJOTA STEESEENSTIRRA EJ IN STRLEN VARNING: LASERSTRLNING NAR DENNA DEL R PPNADSTIRRA EJ IN STRLEN ADVARSEL: LASERSTRLING NAR DEKSEL PNESSTIRR IKKE INN STRLEN LCD The LCD with high-precision Nevertheless, or appear as or This the recorded and malfunction. copyright protection "U.S and This incorporates copyright protection that protected U.S. and other property rights. of this copyright protection authorized and and other otherwise authorized or prohibited.
This with the and of country or which wireless this or wireless (such as wireless LAN and/or Bluetooth Below information products with such Union (EU) R&TTE Directive 1999/5/EC as conformity with the following harmonized Health and -.EN60950-1:2001+ A11:2004 -.EN50371:2002 -.EN50360:2001 EMC -.EN301 V1.4.1 -.EN301 V1.4.1 -.EN301 V1.2.1 to with GSM function) -.EN301 V1.2.1 -.EN301 V1.2.1 to with GSM function) -.EN300 V1.1.1 to with wireless -.EN300 V1.6.1 -.EN300 V1.1.2 -.EN301 V9.0.2 to with GSM function) -.EN301 V1.2.3 -.EN301 V2.2.1 to with GSM function) -.EN301 V2.2.1 to with GSM function) information with wireless LAN and/or Bluetooth only. English English
of countries English EU as of Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, the United Poland, and the countries of Union, as as Iceland and This with the regulations and the country of further information, please office the country of The FCC RF The radiated of the wireless LAN PCI Card and Bluetooth below the FCC Nevertheless, the PC such that the as follows: to follow the RF instructions wireless option that included the of each RF option To with FCC RF of least inches) the the integrated wireless LAN PCI Card built to the section and The wireless PCI diversity function. The function from both One of the selected or manually users) to
This restricted to to its the to FCC this to the to to reduce the interference to High allocated as users of the to and to These stations interference with and/or this or unauthorized interference to of the internal the FCC and warranty. (RSS-210) Common information to the following This interference, and This interference, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and to licensing. The the only to reduce interference to High allocated as they priority) of and and these interference and/or to LELAN English English
English Class IV where Color: Source D65 Reflection of LCD Ordinary LCD: Class and polarity) Protective LCD: Class III polarity Both Reference white: of and 6500K (tested BM7) Class II LCD specifications