Inc. Knowledge This publication and protected copyright. of this reproduced, copied, or translated other without written from Inc. and Knowledge Inc. and Knowledge technical or or or from the furnishing, performance, or of this The information this to without The Inc. and of Inc. the United States and/or other countries. XP the of Microsoft Corporation. other and of their respective owners. AAFW53700001K0
thank purchasing choosing Were that pleased with the quality, reliability, and performance of Each and every the and through the to that with the Please this to with of services and highlighted basic and information to operating to to best-of-class service and to high-quality, brand-name If knowledgeable, service with fast, service. sincerely that the and from years to Thanks from of first things first
Customer to only with exciting of performance products, with and knowledgeable people who them. to easy. that choices, products to and right of the and there to whenever protected warranty thats effective from the of purchase. about warranty included the shipped warranty includes: and technical through and telephone If about Please the following information ready and and You this information the Customer located the of text of Please the of This and operating type and To this information, right-click and then
to or information, or to with first If what the the To with, to to On learn about as learn about the other products that and to Customer To directly to service and to of the following North the United service include the following what and easily with helpful the topic that to concern, and to the that to that You to clicking to include the of The with the of and the information supply, the first things first
telephone highly trained and ready to troubleshoot or to other service options necessary. to the first back to To with the phone country: United States: to (PST), to (PST), United hours Please that
this and its to learn about and to other The includes of the to started. This information about and instructions its and included the software You the information about and the following tp://w w.emachines.com North America United North from to (PST), the United States, location, to charges.) the United hours first things first
basic and and tested to the information To of and follow instructions the and this this information or heat to AC the AC and that with the of the and the type indicated the rating The AC from to and with international If whether please allow to the cord. the where people or the cord. the or from AC of inactivity to from
the the or or other The necessary and cooling of If these overheat. with the resting The become causing the of the to increase to where to from of such as and the information cloth, with to clean household chemicals to clean they recommended or and Other than the indicated user-replaceable should serviced authorized technician. AWG or cord. and There of shock from locations the specifically locations. wires or terminals the the interface. first things first
This lithium battery-powered, clock. authorized service should this internal battery. There of and the incorrectly or crush or the battery, its or of fire. If of the following authorized technician: The or or the The exposed to The to or The or the following to comfortably and from repetitive-stress injury: with shoulders and each right to the and each hand that wrist straight and straight with forearm. and to If wrists, shoulders, or back, to and and If this
that and right Were to through each of the following as the first the included the the turning These procedures the the repeated first the and the the clicks
Turn right-side and the AC to the and light the of light indicating that the information about lights, chapter using the AC and that shipped with AC or fire or to the first the AC connected to the light the of the off. the light off, charged. This to hours.
the the front of the to the right and, the the top the of the to
Press the the top right of the to light to the right of the lights showing that the the first prompted to information. The the the and follow the If the and the XP information that included the If these them the the Microsoft XP displayed.
To off the following: and turning off From the Turn At the Turn the off, completely
from and its features. This chapter from the following right back This chapter of the to chapter using information these features.
To with, and its features. and battery lights action buttons and lights
PC Card Ethernet/network PC Card microphone headphone
right CD/DVD CD/DVD CD/DVD
back (VGA) USB the They and If of these partially or overheat. AC
release memory the They and cooling. If of these or obscured, overheat.
this chapter, of the basics to when including: the using the the action buttons lights the CDs and
the three If the off, the to off If the the to off. and off forced If or and the seconds, the off. You the off action of through To to the to and Performance and The located the Advanced completely the when off Turn Turn The and the completely off. Hibernate completely the Hibernate the information to the and then off the that when turned off reopened, when F3 the this off the and reduces the You the
using the The built-in includes the functionality of the to items the and applications, such as spreadsheets, and To the the the right clicking The and right the to the and right buttons To click, or the using
or the to the or of as to the to the as clicks of the If with this helpful. users, this turned off If to or other touchpad-related (such as the to the and Properties. Then and then the Next, highlight and the the
using the to includes function and with these features reading the following function of the function the top of the software and the other to function software and applications. the of function the that with the or its To function the function to and to The function the the the following of the function
To function and the the with the and then release both the following of the function F2 wireless only): on/off F3 on/off F4 the following F7 brightness F8 increase brightness F9 CD/DVD: F10 CD/DVD: F11 CD/DVD: F12 CD/DVD: connected) both the and the connected) connected)
To the the the the deactivated. To the of the the light and off when the turned and off. lights information. To the using
action buttons buttons located the top right of the These buttons to or the and off. To action To and the sound, the and buttons the search
lights AC AC connected off: AC off: activated off: activated CD/DVD activity CD/DVD active off: CD/DVD activity activity active off: activity charge charge charging off: off: off
using the This section the display-related to including: cleaning the the brightness the cleaning the If to the cloth with household chemicals to These cleaners as as the of the brightness To the of the the function F7 the F8 increase the The and CD/DVD of You reduce when using reducing the brightness. to
the already to the If or to the to that The and other display-related options and through From Appearance and Themes located the the of or than the internal the to to the the internal stretch to the using
CDs and includes CD-RW/DVD This to and to and and to and CDs. this section, learn about: and to CDs creating CDs The CD/DVD this that with the performance and as Class The CD/DVD this To and of this Follow the instructions this If the CD/DVD service, authorized service technician. only the and this Doing otherwise the
and CDs and only the and Touching the reflective of the Press the the CD/DVD to the the completely the the with the facing Press the the the back the clicks Press the the CD/DVD to the the completely the around its and the back the clicks using
to CDs To CD: CD the CD/DVD to the CD. One of the following three things The CD automatically. what to with the Select CD from the and then OK The CD and what to with the of the following: Press the action Then the the to playback. or From the Then the the to playback. CD, and to the buttons the or the function You the the and action buttons. information the and using action this chapter.
Its and easy to DVD DVD the CD/DVD the to the and playback. If DVD automatically, from the Click The displayed. Click the to the DVD. DVD, and to track the the or the function You the the or action information the and using action buttons this chapter.
creating CDs with integrated CD-RW which allows to and CDs. The information this section through creating CDs. creating CD You CDs through CD-R or CD-RW the CD to the If displays the CD (D:) or what to with the the of the following: Press the action or From the
Select Copy to CD or from the of options the the title the to Copy of the the arrow and the playlist to The the playlist displayed. Click the to each to selected of the the Copy copying the to CD. while the selected to the CD. finishes copying to the CD, the using
creating CD This section through the of creating CD, which consists of the following CD-R or CD-RW the CD selecting the items that to to CD copying the of these below. CD-R or CD-RW the CD to the If the displays the CD (D:) or what to with the the the items to to CD the following of to select, and The Click the to the or to
the and of the Copy this (or Copy this selection). the CD (D:) as the and then Copy This the selected temporary holding while the selected to the temporary and the showing that to written to the CD. to this assembled of If to other to the temporary holding through
selected and assembled of the items that ready to the to the CD. Click the the the CD (D:) displayed, showing of selected and the Writing of the these to CD The following displayed. the CD and then Next the shows that the If to of this CD, the CD, and follow the the If
You or AC choice of and the of AC choosing the of to and the amount of battery. The of charge its age and type, and the DVD which the and the CD/DVD substantially than If to the battery, this chapter to learn about: charging of To reduce the of fire and when the using only the this the leads the crush, or the battery; its or of fire.
charging recharge whenever the connected to AC To that of recharge frequently. charge chapter to properly charge the first the AC connected to the the yellow light off. the charge to hours. charges initially charges the and whether the while charging the battery.
Battery operating the software and power-related life: to Battery power-related the brightness the when using while ready to off off the when from the instead of the CD the charge charge to that the to operating when from AC If and the action right to AC or and If charge critically Hibernate that as of this shutdown. the the following to of charge.
charge displayed the to this charge and its this as battery-charge tool. this (illustrated below) displayed, showing charge lights If light to flash, and to to AC or and right lights chapter about lights.
and If and the and sound based power-related the the section information about these these notices, action right to to AC or and power-related You to and the power-related to These located From Performance and instructions and the included this section. information the
The following the of basic Select from including: Home/Office On Battery Low-battery warning or sounds. Select the type and the which each to This and battery-status information. advanced Advanced options include what to when the of the the F3 Hibernate If Hibernation and the turn-off action of to Hibernate, when the to off the Hibernation using the chapter information.
or often battery. If or the becomes to battery. To battery: and to AC and allow the to completely charge. the completely charged, the AC and or Completely the the following: the process. the AC to this process, or the and to From Performance and On the the On On the the the and the the off.
the completely to AC Charge the completely, the light off. ready to the following to to the and power-related From Performance and On the the option such as or Battery On the the boxes the and the of of with of or using the with regulations.
this chapter when to or memory assembly The to electricity, known as including turning off and touching the (such as the the or wearing grounding wrist-strap. user-replaceable from the of the memory and
To and battery: of the this section, follow industry-standard the Warning the of this chapter information. There of this incorrectly replaced. with the or type recommended off and the including the AC and To existing and release the release The the of the and of the
To the and as shown. The that If the easily, that the of the with the the the of the and then the other of the clicks and
memory To and memory of the this section, follow industry-standard the Warning the of this chapter information. off and the including the AC and To to the this instructions the section this chapter. the memory cover screw and cover. the the of this chapter the location of the memory
To existing memory outward the both of the memory the memory released and upward. Then, the of the and
To memory the memory and the memory The memory that If the easily, that the notch the with the the memory Gently the the the memory and screw. the and
assembly includes high-capacity, industry-standard, IDE This housed which the shipped or software first to CD or information that to to the the This this Then, and information from CD To and assembly: of the this section, follow industry-standard the Warning the of this chapter information. off and the Disconnect including the AC and To to the this instructions the section this chapter. and
To existing assembly, first the screw Then, the and the assembly completely of the To the assembly the assembly as shown the previous and the assembly completely the the screw, the and to this chapter instructions. the and information from CD
If to to its the CDs that shipped the with The CDs of software that The and from or that to the process, or information that to CD. You this information back the completed. To While turned CD the CD/DVD clicking Turn the Microsoft displayed, type XP and You about to At This the of to its You this To the process, the CD from the CD/DVD and
The following displayed: the proceeding. to proceed? This chance to the process! To the process, N, the CD from the CD/DVD and If to proceed, The and then the of the CD the At the and CD from the and CD Press The of the CD to the At the and CD from the and CD Press the finished, the CD from the CD/DVD and to If while the CD the CD/DVD the off the CD and the Microsoft reopened. the CD from the CD/DVD and follow the instructions to information.
and its software to free. this chapter them. first the following that the that the AC properly connected to the and that the the brightness of the further troubleshooting information, to the of this chapter. If the Customer to the Customer information the of this If wireless troubleshooting to the Wireless troubleshooting
and charge or charge as as think should. What should the following: Allow the to to the chapter instructions. the battery. chapter instructions. battery. turn What should There should try: Press the If the battery-related light when the button, to AC and the If connected to AC of the to that connected properly. If them, and If recently or that correctly. If recently or the memory, that the right of Customer to the right type of memory
and to the or the of the following to Press Press and the seconds the off. Then, when or the the You to the Synaptics the Select Then and Next, highlight and the the Based the touching the You the through the increasing the and reducing the You to the Synaptics the Select Then and to and the then OK type, of the type instead of the Whats activated. Press to the troubleshooting
to location the or Whats It of things: dirty. Clean the with cloth only) and to using the chapter information about
brightness and Whats It things: Press to the from The too Press F8 to increase the of the its to or TV. Press F4 to through the attached or TV, or both. Press the once to from Hibernate The switch Press the switch (located the the function near the of the to release troubleshooting
sound and There sound from Whats The turned too or muted. the following: Press the action to increase the sound Press both the and the buttons the (This to and the sound.) Double-click the the The displayed. that the and that the the CDs and CD/DVD or to Whats that CDs and seconds to the to the type of that the properly. the and Then and to CD or DVD. What should to CDs and If to manually the the using CDs and chapter information.
connected to What should the following: that the outlet and that the the and the that the information about the to the that with or to of Memory or Memory Whats and memory the or If this the and restarting, only the that physical memory to troubleshooting
United States Notice This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following measures: or the Increase the the and the receiver. the to from that to which the connected. the or or The FCC the user to that or to this that the the authority to the to this with shielded with RFI/EMI to with FCC Regulations. and specifications
wireless The operated with other or This with FCC RF forth The should and operated with of the and Declaration of Conformity United States This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and This interference received, including interference that operation. this the or telephone. ARIMA (Texas) Corporation Houston, TX To this to the found the
Notice Products with the CE with the EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) and the Directive (73/23/EEC) issued the of the Community and this telecommunication functionality, the R&TTE Directive (1999/5/EC). with the conformity to the following parentheses the international standards/regulations): EN55022 (CISPR Interference EN55024 (IEC61000-4-2,3,4,5,6,8,11): Immunity EN61000-3-2 (IEC61000-3-2): Harmonics EN61000-3-3 (IEC61000-3-3): EN60950 (IEC60950): Product with built-in wireless the following applied: ETSI301489-17: EN60950: ETSI300328-2 Technical Declaration of Conformity Union this the or telephone. ARIMA (UK) Unit G81 2QP, Scotland U.K.
telephone To this to the found the Notice This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. Notice
U.S. Regulations the of This with of the FCC On this that other information, the FCC and (REN) this You this information to telephone If to the the telephone service temporarily. If they as as You of right to with the FCC. telephone its operations, or procedures that of If they to opportunity to telephone service. The FCC this to or coin-operated telephones. the that this should to properly, the from the to causing the If the with the and or The FCC the of FAX properly FCC (C)
U.K. Information This the secretary of the of and Industry to of the switched telephone telecommunication or connected thereto only, shared service or This to Branch (PBX), which secondary proceeding indication. If this to with PBX which BT, of the to the PBX BT; or the authorized of the PBX the authorized written that the to another and that of expired. This with or of this that the to the PSTN the telephone interface with of to the PSTN other the There of should to that of their to and the of The (REN) of this REN to the of that connected to telephone The REN of together, and should otherwise telephone to REN of
This the following of telephone tone facility This to U.K. speech-band services. This function. other the of as then ceases to to the which granted. The of this the authorized BABT or with, or to, software that formally BABT. Notice
specifications depth: operating 50F to 90F (10C to 35C) shipping/storage 4F to 140F (-20C to 60C) to WXGA TFT LCD
AAFW53700001K0