E720/E520
Copyright Incorporated. Rights E720/E520 to the information this publication without to of such revisions or incorporated editions of this or and publications. This or warranties, or implied, with to the hereof and specifically the of merchantability or Record the purchase and of purchase information the below. The and recorded the to concerning should include the and purchase information. of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or electronically, mechanically, recording or otherwise, without the written of Incorporated. E720/E520 PC of purchase: of purchase: and the of Incorporated. Other or and to their respective
First things first to thank choice computing To of off, the with The information applying to the It covers basic topics such as Recovery the Please that to its the as as the below to functions or features which only contained of the the purchased. instances the text with such as The to the and functions of to productive, please to the This information such as recovery, options and troubleshooting. warranty information and the regulations and It Format (PDF) and Follow these to Click Click the If clicking the first. Follow the instructions the to the installation. instructions to the and
English as illustrated the around Top Item Microphone microphone sound recording.
Item Integrated selected (LCD), displays the and off. and right Wireless LAN when the Touch-sensitive which functions Click buttons The and right buttons function the and right) and right buttons. Indicates the The front when the cover closed Indicates the Battery Charging: The light shows when the The light shows when AC HDD Indicates when the active. Lights when activated. Lights when activated. the wireless LAN function. Indicates the of wireless LAN English
Closed front English Item and releases the Rear Item the to cool, prolonged
Item to Kensington-compatible security to AC Ethernet (RJ-45) to Ethernet 10/100-based to (VGA) LCD USB to USB USB USB CD player, Microphone-in input from microphones. Headphones/ to headphones). the security around such as or of locked the the notch and the to the lock. English
Right English Item CDs or Lights when the active. Ejects the from the Emergency Ejects the when the turned off. to the to the when the off.
Item Battery Houses the Battery release Releases the Memory Houses the memory. Houses the with screws). Battery the and the to cool, cooling prolonged cover or the of the English
Specifications English Platform GL40 Chipset IEEE memory to GB of DDR2 memory, to GB WXGA Graphics GL40 Chipset subsystem option: DVD/CD-RW built-in High-definition MS-Sound microphone Integrated WLAN: IEEE LAN: ready and (W) (D) (H) inches) with BIOS HDD ACPI subsystem AC ENERGY STAR and
I/O interface USB (VGA) Headphones/speaker/line-out Microphone-in Ethernet (RJ-45) AC C to C Non-operating: C to C (non-condensing): to Non-operating: to The specifications reference only. The of PC the purchased. English