E627
Copyright Incorporated. Rights E627 to the information this publication without to of such revisions or incorporated editions of this or and publications. Record the purchase and of purchase information the below. The and recorded the to concerning should include the and purchase information. This Although reasonable this to responsibility or with to this to of the warranty. of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or electronically, mechanically, photocopy, recording or otherwise,without the written of Incorporated. E627 PC of purchase: of purchase: and the of Incorporated. Other or and to their respective
First things first would to thank choice computing To of First off, the with The information applying to the It covers topics such as Recovery using the Please that to its the as as the below to functions or which of the the purchased. instances the with such as "only The to the features and of to please to the This information such as recovery, options and troubleshooting. warranty information and the and It Format (PDF) and Follow these to Click Click the If clicking the first. Follow the instructions the to the installation. instructions to the and
English as the around Top Item Integrated
Item (LCD), displays the internal and off. and right Touch-sensitive which Click buttons The and right buttons function the and right) and right buttons. Comfortable when the HDD Indicates when the active. The or to of the brightness and To and the the other the Function <F4> the <F5> Switches the connected) and both. <F6> the off to Press to return. the and off. Wireless LAN Lights when activated. Lights when activated. the wireless LAN function. Indicates the of wireless LAN English
Function English <F8> the and off. Increases the sound Decreases the sound Brightness Increases the brightness. Brightness Decreases the brightness. front Item Indicates the (SD), (MMC), Memory (MS), Memory PRO (MS PRO), Card to the The front when the cover closed Indicates the Battery The light shows when the charged: The light shows when AC
Rear Item the to cool, prolonged Item to AC Ethernet (RJ-45) to Ethernet 10/100-based (VGA) to LCD USB to USB USB USB from Microphone-in microphones. Headphones/speaker/ Connects to headphones). English
Right English Item CDs or Lights when the active. Ejects the from the Emergency Ejects the when the turned off. to the to the when the off. to Kensington-compatible security the security around such as or of locked the the notch and the to the
Item Battery Houses the Battery release Releases the Battery the Houses the with screws). Memory Houses the memory. and the to cool, cooling prolonged cover or the of the English
Specifications English Platform AMD featuring: AMD Athlon X2 AMD Athlon AMD M780G Chipset IEEE memory to GB of DDR2 memory, to GB HD aspect ratio Graphics ATI HD Graphics subsystem built-in High-definition MS-Sound Communication Integrated WLAN: IEEE LAN: Ethernet; ready (W) (D) (H) inches) with BIOS HDD ACPI subsystem AC ENERGY STAR and
I/O interface (SD, MMC, MS, MS PRO, USB (VGA) Headphones/speaker/line-out Microphone-in Ethernet (RJ-45) AC C to C Non-operating: C to C Humidity (non-condensing): to Non-operating: to The specifications reference only. The of PC the purchased. English