M5000
the and www.eMachines.com
Chapter www.eMachines.com
www.eMachines.com
Chapter To and and www.eMachines.com
Search Search Search Search To the www.eMachines.com
Chapter www.eMachines.com
features Locating and Locating the Microsoft of Authenticity Locating the specifications www.eMachines.com
Checking LCD release the LCD the release latch. LED charge www.eMachines.com LCD release Battery charge LED LED off off. LED LED LED off charged.
Ethernet Microphone this Ethernet Ethernet this Microphone microphone this Headphone amplified or headphones this The built-in turned off when or headphones this PC Card II PC Card this information, and PC Card PC Card Headphone www.eMachines.com
Chapter Checking DVD to to this DVD CDs or this information, the DVD This DVD/CD-RW or DVD To the type of the the cover and the to those types www.eMachines.com
USB VGA or this information, the or USB USB (Universal (such as or these cool internal the AC this Warning: with the resting If the the become enough to or these If these overheat shutdown or to the around obstructed. the or other www.eMachines.com
Chapter Checking Battery Battery when the AC Battery to release the battery. information, Memory as as memory this information, or memory Includes the and and technical information. information, The located this information, the www.eMachines.com Memory Battery
cool internal Warning: with the resting If the the become enough to or these If these overheat shutdown or to the around obstructed. the or other action buttons www.eMachines.com
Chapter Checking action Press these buttons to assigned to them or buttons the information, action buttons Press to turn the or off. You the information the Power-Saving which included To this then the features of information, the when headphones or amplified the functionality of information, the Inform when or when that affects the used. information, www.eMachines.com
The shown this section informational only. information and location. www.eMachines.com
Chapter Checking www.eMachines.com
the Connecting the AC Turning and off the action buttons, and the the Turning wireless and off www.eMachines.com
Chapter Started To the battery: www.eMachines.com
If the the first the shorter than If the three hours, the to recalibrated. information the battery, the battery To the AC that the AC that with or of the type purchased from the becomes The of the type and rating as the or www.eMachines.com Connecting the AC
Chapter Started Warning to the AC The AC user-replaceable or user-serviceable The AC that serious or death. about AC If the charge off three hours, Customer www.eMachines.com
Warning High through both the and the To and protector. If telephone that If that TV both the and the www.eMachines.com Connecting the AC
Chapter Started To Tricks information about the Power-Saving which included To this then www.eMachines.com
Warning with the resting If the the become enough to around obstructed. the or other information about the Tricks Power-Saving which included To this then To off Turn Turn If reason the Turn option to off and the about seconds, then release www.eMachines.com Turning off
Started To and If off immediately, the following the off: www.eMachines.com Press and the about seconds, then release the and the than seconds.
LED AC connected. AC LED turned LED turned LED The DVD LED The DVD AC LED off AC connected. LED off turned off. LED off turned off. LED off The LED off The www.eMachines.com
Chapter Started Function www.eMachines.com Navigation Arrow Application
type Function Press these to to actions Press these with the to information, combinations Press these to the to the of to the of the the to the of or to the of Arrow Press these to the right, or Application Press this to shortcut and Press this to the This with other to (Search and Press the with to action. these to type when the turned Press to the function the to about the function www.eMachines.com the
Chapter Started Press and then To... this www.eMachines.com Turn the optional wireless network or off. information, the that with Warning: wireless with wireless to turned off while 802.11G known as wireless Ethernet or of that wireless to with the optional wireless turned off. Press the to information, Power-Saving which included To this then the the following The LCD or or the Both displays the information, the or Decrease the brightness of the Increase the brightness of the
Press and then To... this or the CD or DVD. the CD or DVD. back CD or DVD or track. CD or DVD or track. Turn the Press this to off The appears when this function turned www.eMachines.com the
Started Search Press to... Search the Search information, Searching which included To this then Turn the Press the and buttons the to or the sound. Turn the Press the and buttons the to or the sound. www.eMachines.com
Right www.eMachines.com the
Started Tricks instructions to the right-hand or and other the or which included To this then To... this... the the around the If of and to the farther, to the of the then Select the the the and release the once. This action clicking or the or the Press the This action double-clicking www.eMachines.com
To... this... Access shortcut or information about the the the the Press the and it then the to the to the of the Release the to the where www.eMachines.com the the the and release the right once. This action right-clicking
Chapter Started To the using 8A9 :B Tricks instructions to the the which included To this then www.eMachines.com
Warning wireless with aircraft. regulations wireless to off while IEEE IEEE and IEEE of that wireless Warning where the of interference to other or services or as the option to wireless restricted or Airports, and or atmospheres where of wireless restricted or where of the to wireless the authority authorization to or turning the wireless To wireless or off: C Turning wireless or off www.eMachines.com
Started www.eMachines.com
the DVD PC Card the or www.eMachines.com
Chapter and If this This type... Tricks information, Creating CDs and www.eMachines.com Combination CDs, DVD/CD-RW and recording and to CDs. DVD CDs, recording and to CDs, and recording and to You this to
CDs and only the and Touching the reflective of the CDs protection software. You to these CDs To CD or DVD: the that the facing If the the the of the to facing information about cleaning CD or DVD, Cleaning CDs or www.eMachines.com the DVD
and Tricks information about CDs, to CDs which included To this then Tricks information about DVD which included To this click then D# Tricks information about creating CDs and Creating CDs and which included To this then www.eMachines.com
To PC Card: www.eMachines.com and PC Card
Chapter and To PC Card: Stop If the appear the the www.eMachines.com
'1,E the of or than the LCD to to the The LCD stretches to the To or FF the or www.eMachines.com
Chapter and Attached Apply Quality OK Press to switch the the LCD and the the or If or connected and the LCD off the LCD www.eMachines.com
Checking and recharging the the the of the www.eMachines.com
Chapter If the or appear the the If the appear, that the the This LED lights when the connected to AC the location of the charge www.eMachines.com information, which included To this then
If the appear the the If the appear, that the the To the battery: information, which included To this then www.eMachines.com the
Chapter On the process. the AC to this or the and to www.eMachines.com
Warning of incorrectly replaced. To the battery: with specifically to the instructions. The this fire or mishandled. heat 212F (100C), or of promptly. from www.eMachines.com
Chapter www.eMachines.com
Tricks information about Power-Saving which included To this then Tricks information about Hibernate which included To this then *G www.eMachines.com
&#H% www.eMachines.com
If ...and ...then On Press On Hibernate activated) or or Press the Hibernate Hibernate Click then Turn Press and then Hibernate www.eMachines.com
Chapter www.eMachines.com
and memory the www.eMachines.com
Chapter memory or the should and the information this section. Warning To to and off and the cord, and the Warning To of shock, the of the www.eMachines.com
To or memory IJ *G F) Memory www.eMachines.com or memory
Chapter www.eMachines.com
/:B% memory E www.eMachines.com or memory
Chapter To the +B IJ *G www.eMachines.com
F) FJ F) www.eMachines.com the
Chapter +B www.eMachines.com
Cleaning Protecting from Restoring www.eMachines.com
Chapter www.eMachines.com
Warning the off, flows through To from shock, the cord, and from the outlets. www.eMachines.com Cleaning
Chapter LCD of specially coated and scratched or or ammonia-based cleaners. www.eMachines.com
Tricks information about security Security which included To this then and information about protecting then and Protecting from the the Search then the arrow. www.eMachines.com
Chapter To Scan Scan Scan www.eMachines.com Scan
To :B To Norton You free to the service when purchased To Norton the Norton Norton Protecting from www.eMachines.com
Chapter To and information about XP, then and www.eMachines.com the the Search then the arrow.
Troubleshooting typical and software telephone troubleshooting www.eMachines.com
Chapter Troubleshooting IJ Warning try to troubleshoot cords or or the Instead, and technician. www.eMachines.com
and information about troubleshooting, then and the the Search then the arrow. www.eMachines.com First
Chapter Troubleshooting GF =G +J 1&?A2!&?A&?A To IRQ Performance and type (IRQ) &?A www.eMachines.com
and information about IRQs, then and To free IRQ the Tricks instructions the the which included To this then the the Search then the arrow. www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Chapter Troubleshooting Tricks instructions the the and which included To this then I) C www.eMachines.com
JJ 8A9 :B Tricks instructions to the the which included To this then 8A9 :B JJ www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Chapter Troubleshooting JJ F Tricks instructions DVD, DVD :G www.eMachines.com
To and information about restoring then and Tricks instructions which included To this then the the Search then the arrow. www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Chapter Troubleshooting Empty when the and information about click then and Tricks instructions fixing Checking the which included To this then JB www.eMachines.com the the Search then the arrow.
and information about troubleshooting then and the the Search then the arrow. www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Chapter Troubleshooting www.eMachines.com
I+ I+ and information about troubleshooting memory then and J 1F= the the Search then the arrow. www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting To the and Other and and information about then and #6D F2 www.eMachines.com the the Search then the arrow.
=F I:5> &GB 12::J5&G) F**BB www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Chapter Troubleshooting To and Other and and information about troubleshooting, then and www.eMachines.com the the Search then the arrow.
To the and Other and OK www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and information about troubleshooting, then and www.eMachines.com the the Search then the arrow.
FG Tricks information about Power-Saving Computer which included To this then F= www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Chapter Troubleshooting To and Other and as To that the to offline: and Other and www.eMachines.com
and information about troubleshooting, then and 8A9 :B Tricks instructions to the the which included To this then the the Search then the arrow. www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Chapter Troubleshooting 8A9 :B and information about troubleshooting sound then and instructions to the the or which included To this then Tricks instructions to the the or which included To this then www.eMachines.com the the Search then the arrow.
Warning To to troubleshoot cords or The Instead, and technician. www.eMachines.com Telephone
Chapter Troubleshooting Service to reach to Customer Customer about technical Customer calling.) America America (US) ISP account www.eMachines.com United States: to (PST) to (PST) United hours
information Notices www.eMachines.com
A: Safety, and Information Warning follow these instructions to and to www.eMachines.com
Warning products classified as locations. include of and or Warning To reduce the of fire, AWG or telecommunications cord. www.eMachines.com
A: Safety, Regulatory, and Information A, Warning wireless with aircraft. regulations wireless to turned off while 802.11B known as wireless Ethernet or and of that wireless Warning where the of interference to other or services or as harmful, the option to wireless restricted or Airports, and or atmospheres where of wireless restricted or where of the to wireless the authority authorization to or the wireless Warning If with wireless the wireless covers and shields and the assembled. Wireless serviceable. them to wireless the authorization to Please service. www.eMachines.com
the country which the used. the www.eMachines.com or Customer information. Every country the of wireless Since with wireless when countries with with the authorities to or the of wireless the country. 'C' user-serviceable. them to wireless the authorization to service. The this with other than the with the www.eMachines.com
A: Safety, Regulatory, and Information to with FCC this operated (or co-located) with other or the D$;;18<!EFF;7; %F&C(D:C+;&;C or the FCC and authority to the Warning This chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or www.eMachines.com
Warning The this mercury. or as 7F(# A)%A)(" !A)%A)( A,A) "A) A) !/.>&DD& www.eMachines.com
A: Safety, Regulatory, and Information 'C' To interference to service or this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. user-serviceable. them to wireless the authorization to service. The this with other than with the The 802.11A LAN with operates the as high which and the LAN both and the www.eMachines.com
4GG0GGG ,G/ <H GGG"/ Warning To shock or malfunction to ground yourself. the inspection authority or as %A)( *A) ./AA/%:D=CC$=AA/(4 -%FC=6C=AA/(/A/ ?!!A%&DDD='=A/( /A)% A)'';66%/" .66(3A" A)'';67%"A/$&;;;+7+6C7'$:&&(3A" A)$&;;;+C+6%"A/$&;;;+C+6(3.4 A)$&;;;+C+C%"A/$&;;;+C+C(3.45 www.eMachines.com
A: Safety, Regulatory, and Information A)$;D';%"A/$;D';(3. A! C;&7:D+&F38AA A)$;D';3 A! C;;C6:+6!A >">/%2I(4 2C//<. /8:&6J. 2I ;&7&+D'&67$& !.><A,%.<E( ".<E,<! .<E<!@9 .<E9&7 !A)%A)(&A), A),72 A)& www.eMachines.com
"A/ K/ &4.L2 Warning of or or performance of other than those specified this To to beams, to the of CD or DVD >A)A8 A)A8 ENERGY STAR www.eMachines.com
A: Safety, Regulatory, and Information Copyright Inc. Rights Gateway CA USA Copyright Inc. Rights Irvine Irvine, California USA This publication protected copyright and rights of or transmitted or without writing from Gateway. The information this and to These incorporated publication editions. Gateway and/or products this to Gateway information which appear this the the www.eMachines.com Gateway indirect, exemplary, or from or this of the of such the of Gateway the right to this and the products without or Gateway and the Black-and-White or of Inc. the U.S. and other SpotShop, Spotshop.com, and Your:)Ware of Gateway, Inc. and and MMX of Corporation. Microsoft, MS, MS-DOS, and or of Microsoft Corporation. other only, and the or of their respective The Inc. and of Inc. the United States and /or other countries. If DVD and TV the following This incorporates copyright protection that protected of U.S. and other property rights Corporation and other rights owners. of this copyright protection authorized Corporation, and and other only otherwise authorized Corporation. or prohibited. www.eMachines.com
www.eMachines.com
1,E ,E www.eMachines.com <,<K?-K?
&?A www.eMachines.com
www.eMachines.com
www.eMachines.com
www.eMachines.com
&?A ,E www.eMachines.com
www.eMachines.com
MAN M5000 SER USR GDE R0