E620
Copyright Incorporated. Rights E620 This or warranties, or implied, with to the hereof and specifically the of merchantability or Although to this (including, to, this publication. to the information this without to of such revisions or incorporated editions of this or and publications. This or warranties, or implied, with to the hereof and specifically the of merchantability or Record the purchase and of purchase information the below. The and recorded the to concerning should include the and purchase information. of this reproduced, or transmitted, or electronically, mechanically, recording or otherwise, without the written of Incorporated. E620 PC of purchase: of purchase: and the of Incorporated. Other or and to their respective
First things first would to thank choice computing To of First off, the with The information applying to the It covers basic topics such as Recovery the Please that to its the as as the below to or which only of the the purchased. instances the text with such as The to the and functions of to please to the This information such as recovery, options and troubleshooting. warranty information and the regulations and It Format (PDF) and Follow these to Click Click the If clicking the first. Follow the instructions the to the instructions to the and
English as the around Top Item Integrated
Item (LCD), displays the and off. when the Touch-sensitive which Click buttons The and right function the and right) and right buttons. Microphone microphone sound recording. HDD Indicates when the active. Lights when activated. Lights when activated. English
Closed front English Item and right and releases the Wireless LAN Indicates the Indicates the Battery Charging: The light shows when the The light shows when AC Microphone-in input from microphones. Headphones/ The front when the cover closed the wireless LAN function. Indicates the of wireless LAN to headphones).
Rear Item to AC to (VGA) LCD USB to USB USB USB the to cool, prolonged Item to Kensington-compatible security the to prolonged USB to USB USB USB Ethernet (RJ-45) to Ethernet 10/100-based the around such as or of the the notch and the to the English
Right English Item CDs or Lights when the active. Ejects the from the Emergency Ejects the when the off. to the to the when the off.
Item Battery Houses the Battery release Releases the Memory Houses the memory. Houses the with screws). and the to cool, cooling prolonged cover or the of the English
Specifications English Platform AMD Athlon or higher AMD RS690MC/SB600 Chipset IEEE memory to GB of DDR2 memory, to GB WXGA Graphics ATI Graphics subsystem option: DVD/CD-RW built-in High-definition MS-Sound microphone Communication Integrated WLAN: IEEE LAN: Ethernet; ready (W) (D) 29.8/33.8(H) inches) with BIOS HDD ACPI subsystem AC and I/O interface USB (VGA) Headphones/speaker/line-out Microphone-in Ethernet (RJ-45) AC
C to C Non-operating: C to C (non-condensing): to Non-operating: to The specifications reference only. The of PC the purchased.