Copyright Incorporated. Rights to the information this publication without to of such revisions or incorporated editions of this or and publications. This or warranties, or implied, with to the hereof and specifically the warranties of merchantability or Record the purchase and of purchase information the below. The and recorded the to concerning should include the and purchase information. of this reproduced, or transmitted, or electronically, mechanically, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Incorporated. Purchase of purchase: and the of Incorporated. Other or and to their
Information and instructions these instructions this reference. Follow and instructions the Turning the off cleaning this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or If the seriously and to operation of the and to from overheating. These or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat or built-in provided. of this through as they or short-out that fire or shock. of or the To of internal and to the This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or allow to the cord. this where people the cord. If with this that the rating of the the the Also, that the rating of products the outlet the or too The of the branch If used, the should of the input This AC with three-wire grounded The only fits grounded the properly grounded the AC the non-grounded
Warning! The grounding outlet that properly grounded shock and/or The grounding protection from other that with the performance of this the with the supply If to the that the the following type, UL listed/CSA certified, type SPT-2, rated VDE or its length. Product servicing to service this yourself, as or removing covers to or other servicing to service this from the outlet and servicing to service when: the or or the the exposed to or the or the the performance, indicating service the normally following the operating instructions only those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often to the to CAUTION: of incorrectly replaced. with the or type recommended the of to the instructions. Telephone Disconnect from the when and/or servicing. To the of shock from the telephone to this or thunderstorms.
instructions throw this the when To and protection of the please recycle.For information the from and (WEEE) regulations, Mercury or products containing LCD/CRT or this mercury and or of to or information, the Industries information,
ENERGY STAR government partnership) that people the to the effective and without or features. Products that earn the ENERGY STAR the US Protection Agency (EPA) and the US of (DOE). the home, of electricity to while the products turned off. ENERGY STAR products the off to than More information to and The to with ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR Inc. that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. This shipped within of inactivity. within of inactivity. the from button. More through and information of and headaches prolonged of physical hours of front of stress, health and other factors greatly increase the of physical injury. Incorrect to tendonitis, or other The following appear the wrists, shoulders, or back: numbness, or burning or aching, or or throbbing or or weakness If these or other recurring or and/or related to physician immediately and inform health and The following section the of the or height to comfort. the following from too slouching and/or and around to the
to and shoulders or shoulders the and properly and within reach than the the of to of hours, wearing incorrect or poorly focused typefaces and low-contrast displays The following sections to reduce frequently. from the and focusing to from clean. head higher than the top of the when the of the the brightness and/or to readability and graphics clarity. and reflections by: such that the the or light light using or light the glare-reduction such as of from the top front to bright light such as of the following to relaxing and productive: and stretching Breathe fresh as often as and healthy Warning! the or If this only regularly, and stretching
About this DVD/CD this to to CDs, and and type). This CD, CD, DVD, DVD, or HD DVD Memory memory from MP3 PDA, telephone, or other the memory USB USB (Universal (such as USB or these Microphone Headphone front amplifier, or headphones this This Chapter Checking This includes information and instructions that to of this than options and locations Press this to the or off. You the to Standby/Resume or Hibernate The lights when the turned microphone this This
(optional) switch The switch the factory. that this to the the this PS/2 PS/2 this (VGA) USB USB (such as USB or these Microphone Headphone/analo -OR- PS/2 PS/2 this Ethernet Ethernet or (such as DSL or broadband this options and locations from this to Kensington-compatible security lock. VGA this microphone this This user of the following: Headphone: headphones or amplified this front and right this
Center/subwoofer (optional) Surround L/R -OR- ESATA access. (optional) ESATA (optional) HDMI Supports high (optional) HDMI Chapter Checking and this right and this This of the following: input (such as this sound and right this to such as terminals and
and Started
and comfortably and from and Started follow these and and and strain: and to the the to of sight, and the top of the higher than the or clear of to repetition. to stretch and to the and of
Protecting from Warning High through both the and the Protect using protector. If telephone that If that TV both the and the the of electricity increase to and or Protect and connecting them to protector, which and them from reaching supply (UPS) to Although of with UPS, UPS enough to and normally.
Checking the selection Chapter and Started If the selection switch incorrectly, this switch correctly location turning the United States, the The supply should to this when operating the United States. other of the such as the If operating such as this, the switch should to The supply, built to the board, cards, and peripheral The supplys selection location typically the factory, to match the service (such as while another country). the selection switch the back of to the to 115V or 230V. To the selection switch: such as to the selection switch to the The switch located the back of the the location,
Connecting to broadband or Connecting with built-in Ethernet information about wired or wireless Ethernet You to or DSL (broadband) or to wired Ethernet To to broadband or to Ethernet of the the the back of the location, the other of the DSL or Warning To reduce the of fire, AWG or telecommunications cord. 56K that with telephone to to the or To the of the the the the back of the location,
the World and Started the other of the telephone (The with or PBX If telephone to the PHONE the the back of The World to the that to of information Information the to which that using You of the browsers, Microsoft or animations, and other features. of related You to track investments, the and You or other clicking or or or animated You the If the to hand, the item To learn about using the features, the
Connecting to account with service (ISP), the information the World To to to account. the to to account, to then Click showing or To to type the URL the www.emachines.com then GO the OR On the to information about connecting to then and to the Search then NTER The the the to and displays the the that requested. slowly. The that displays the complexity of the and other Additionally, the of
Downloading Chapter and Started To that the Downloading the of from the to To or from to account. the type the of the that the or to then NTER OR Click to to the containing the that to or the where to the Click the the the that to Follow the on-screen instructions the the that of the to The that to the to and the that created. or the double-clicking If follow the instructions the to or the information about downloading then and downloading the Search then NTER
Ethernet Wired Ethernet wired Ethernet consists of or connected together through Ethernet This type commonly offices around the and to the or Ethernet Ethernet or other or office. to and hire Ethernet three Ethernet Ethernet and Ethernet built or Ethernet typically built or Ethernet To wired Ethernet or Ethernet or office. router The to wired Ethernet (DHCP) router. DHCP network router to IP to each or information router, the routers router-based Ethernet The following of wired Ethernet The of router, or DSL computers, and each of these The router the the To the to wireless Ethernet to wired Ethernet to the router or router that built-in
Router Chapter and Started to the router of or Ethernet-ready connected to the router or DSL that to the router-based Ethernet Ethernet should Ethernet Ethernet or or Ethernet or of rated the of the rated wired Ethernet or with Ethernet One router One broadband (optional) Ethernet of the network
router, the includes everything including: security features, such as firewall, to from switch to the DHCP server/dynamic IP assignment to and IP Ethernet To Ethernet already then The Click Click and then Click from the the The Click the front of Network The Ethernet listed. If listed, wired broadband If broadband already the with ISP. to the the activated. Broadband from ISP to ISP. should ISP instructions they about that broadband correctly. To the the using If the service
and Started Ethernet and the type of Ethernet to Ethernet and the that Ethernet already the that with Ethernet instructions the and Ethernet and the router or the or DSL this already Connecting using twisted-pair (about 1/4-inch with thin containing wires), and with this type of This type of with RJ-45 telephone with each types; straight-through to to router, and to computers. To which type of both of the with the facing from and with the the straight-through the wires both attached to the to right). the wires each attached to the to right). router If than and to high-speed Broadband or DSL the of router. router the from The router IP to the the and firewall protection as
to router, straight-through each to to the To using router: of the the AC the router and the other grounded, 110V Turn computers. of straight-through the router the WAN The WAN to the router to the DSL or and or switch. the other of the the the each connected to the router, the should light the front of the router, indicating each the straight-through the WAN the router and the other the Ethernet the DSL or Router WAN
Ethernet Chapter and Started the and the You each the and the Workgroup that router (wired or (wireless If that connected the To this the Click then The Click and The and Click then the and Workgroup The Click If already type the This the to other the of to characters with allowed. the Workgroup of to characters with The the and the than Click OK prompted to
the TCP/IP to to each other. One of each to the (TCP/IP), which and as as TCP/IP as the DHCP to the TCP/IP with router or router, the to IP from DHCP This typically when router and TCP/IP them, router browser. instructions, routers
Testing and Started that of and If to to the Click Network and then Network and Select and the of the actions If wired Ethernet physical that router or and the lights the front of the router or with the the router or Temporarily off firewall software Turn off of the then them back to routers or troubleshooting information. service
to Instead of each of computers, to To to the of the following: to then the information about and to router or the router or includes USB or information, the instructions that with router or that built-in With and and With and DVD and the to the To the network computers, each the shared Follow the instructions included with to the each the and each shared, them as though they attached directly to Then and other or To or then Click
Chapter and Started Right-click the or that to then The If the of that to everyone If the of that to everyone the Click the Click OR If Advanced to this or Click OK then Un-sharing and To or then Click Right-click the or that to then Click Advanced then this (or to the Click Apply then OK
the To then The Click and Sound The Right-click the and of the to then the On the this then OK the and each shared, and and other shared and information about then and the Search then NTER To and then Network The Network Click If or displayed, the option the then Turn and Double-click the of the containing the or to shared and listed.
and Started Creating shortcut to shortcut created or another the of the or as the attached directly to the shortcut created to the To the from the shortcut To the or completing the and Right-click the or then Shortcut shortcut created the or and the the shortcut Click to the the To the the the to Click then to the that the to Double-click the containing the then the Copying the To the then The Click to the that the to to the to Right-click the then Copy Right-click the where to the to, then
the the the the the the from. You the and instructions from the CD that shipped with or from the To the the to then Click the arrow to the then the Click
Chapter and Started
Chapter Troubleshooting
First Troubleshooting Chapter Troubleshooting If with try these things first: that the connected to and AC outlet and that the AC outlet supplying If or that turned If peripheral (such as or that that If appears the write the The Customer and fixing the If or peripheral the procedures and that followed each instruction. If the or the information about troubleshooting, then and troubleshooting the Search then NTER Troubleshooting topics alphabetical
CD or DVD DVD Ethernet The and that the software. information, the that with Sound CD or DVD You the other that Ethernet the Ethernet that the other router. that outlet and that the router outlet and turned routers lights that they information, the that with router. that the
Troubleshooting that using the If assigned IP to the computers, that IP IP should 192.168.N.N where and The first should the and the should The Ethernet and that the software. information, the that with Ethernet Reseat the information about Ethernet the that with Ethernet Ethernet than If Ethernet than the of each Ethernet Ethernet should Ethernet Ethernet or or Ethernet or of and Ethernet network the
The and that the software. information, the that with information about restoring then and the Search then NTER If while holding the HIFT the restored. To You from the using information about then and the Search then NTER Double-click the Right-click the to then The to the where originally from. If the try to the restored.
Chapter Troubleshooting Empty the right-clicking the then clicking Empty when the to another If the to then them from the You This the of the To the The accessed, or reading C Press C TRL +A LT +D EL to If subjected to electricity or physical shock, to the operating
You or become You to the If using that the the and the Ethernet to that the correctly. OR that account with service (ISP) correctly. ISP technical that with information, information about troubleshooting then and troubleshooting the Search then NTER If or DSL that the the Ethernet and the to that the correctly.
Chapter Troubleshooting You to host and to the This when typed URL incorrectly, or ISP technical Double-check the URL or try URL. If the appears, from the ISP and then and the If the ISP technical Connecting to too factors performance: The of the telephone or telephone service The of the to which and the of users those The complexity of graphics and downloads, and People Click the that account with service (ISP) correctly. ISP technical
Memory The that the correctly. information, the that with and switch boxes. Clean the of with to and the that know to that the the character repeating or or that nothing resting the that Press each to that might then the If the off and the Clean the and turn to the using If the to information about troubleshooting memory then and memory the Search then NTER You Memory third-party to memory
Memory or DSL) Chapter Troubleshooting You Not enough memory then the memory appear the the that with troubleshooting information. or that the the and the Ethernet to that the correctly. that connected to the and the telephone that the than or protectors from telephone then tone the telephone If telephone services such as or that cleared and using the telephone service to the to temporarily the service. that the correctly.
To the information about then and the Search then NTER or that the as the these to the as the that or PBX These with (scratchy, crackling, or sounds). that the to abort downloads, or The the the and correctly. Click then The If and Other Hardware. Click and then the Click the location from which then that correct. to the telephone. (such as the tone the to that that the free from and screws the or You telephone service and the telephone or
Chapter Troubleshooting another telephone telephone house or telephone location). If this telephone service. connecting with the If reducing the telephone service. The telephone too You to the The ISP technical ISP technical the with The with the troubleshooting information 56K 56K FCC rates telephone to 53K. Other factors, such as telephone service or ISP the further. If the which to 33.6K. If the which to 48K. ISP 48K and when 56K and of
The that the connected to the and the to that the correctly. If the the telephone with another that the telephone the telephone, or another the that with telephone and with the and To information about troubleshooting, then and troubleshooting the Search then NTER Click then The If and Other Hardware. Click the and then the Click then The Click the then If information about the appears, the If information white appears with or such as already or the to respond, the
Chapter Troubleshooting The when and to to another acquainted the that establishes and You hear sounds when the first If the sounds too the To the Click then The If and Other Hardware. Click/Double-click the and then the Click the to then Properties. Click the then the Click OK to the and The the from the The there that the and turned If the turned the LED should the and to the that the connected to the the back of the or
the that know to The that the least about uniformity. The the or to the brightness and the information. information about types, and information about the then and the Search then NTER The that the correctly. and and switch boxes. know to that the The If the the or becomes to precisely, cleaning the its accuracy. Clean the the with clean, cloth. that the and of
Chapter Troubleshooting You to network Every or information about information about troubleshooting, then and troubleshooting the Search then NTER The or the CD or DVD that the facing then Occasionally or become scratched and the If trying to DVD, that DVD temporary memory and CDs protection software. You to these CDs Clean the then the BIOS and F1 while that the IDE that the correctly following the instructions the the
CD sound that the facing then CDs protection software. You to these CDs that the turned that the turned off. that the connected correctly and securely. and Clean the the DVD that DVD that the facing then Occasionally or become scratched and the DVD and Clean the the that the DVD and DVD that DVD title and reduce To to DVD, the and DVD match. The DVD The the United States and The DVD match the the The the the or If the DVD the and DVD match.
Chapter Troubleshooting that C APS LOCK turned off, then the that the connected to AC and to and that turned If protector, that the connected securely to turned and correctly. To the such as the outlet and that the free from or The that the online/offline that to that the AC
The the the and that connected to the that the online/offline that to the Press the to the the or If the to to the that selected the To the the that with instructions the You that the to offline. To that the to offline: Click then The If and Other Hardware. Click/Double-click the and The and Right-click the to the then as Click then The If and Other Hardware. Click/Double-click the and The and
Sound Chapter Troubleshooting Right-click the of the to If the shows to to clear the to the If or to memory to the the instructions memory. You of that the online/offline that to information about troubleshooting, then and troubleshooter the Search then NTER You sound from the that the turned that the turned that turned off. If the to that the correctly. information about sound troubleshooting, then and sound troubleshooter the Search then NTER
Recovering You following the information Troubleshooting or the technical www.emachines.com or of the software recovering or restoring everything to recover To recovery options, should of recovery as as Recovery to long-term reliability, the worth instructions, Creating recovery To recover recovery as as You these recovering from and software instructions, Creating recovery If or items of software or correctly, the the software or the To recover software and that the factory, Recovering software and instructions software and that that or technical to previous If software or then the to when everything correctly. instructions, Returning to its factory to its factory If nothing the and to to factory Returning to its factory
Creating recovery Chapter Troubleshooting If that recoverable other methods, to the operating and factory-loaded software and To the of recovery To recovery then Click Recovery Recovery To recovery the including OS and factory-loaded software and factory OR To recovery the factory-loaded software and and that each type of recovery as as the indicated the to then Next The first recording, and its the the finishes recording, the the from the and with each such as Recovery of or Apps/Drivers Recovery If required, when prompted, then OK recording the
Recovering software and troubleshooting to the software and that from the factory. You recover or the created. New software If to recover software that to follow that softwares instructions. To recover software and then Click Recovery Recovery OR If recovering from and recovery the then to the Application Recovery Click the then The Application Recovery Click of software and Click the the item to then follow the on-screen to the installation. this each item to
Returning to its factory Chapter Troubleshooting that recoverable other to everything to to its factory You using or the recovery created. This recovery everything then and software and that If back them If OS, Recovering from within OS If OS and Recovering from the If OS and completely or Recovering from recovery Recovering from within OS To OS and software and then Click Recovery Recovery Click the then to factory The Confirm Restoration Click then displays information about the that the operating recovered to. the
Click OK The recovery restarting then copying to This while, Recovery shows its the recovery finished, to Click OK Follow the on-screen first-time Recovering from the To OS and software and Turn then LT +F10 Recovery Click from factory the Click Next to factory-loaded recovered. This Recovering from recovery To OS and software and Turn the first recovery then the F10 to the The where which to from, such as the or arrow to CDROM/DVD then NTER from the recovery
Creating What Labelflash? Creating with Chapter Troubleshooting the recovery when prompted, then follow the to the recovery. With to creating the top of the of the off. You this type of to burn software that as as To Although usually already recorded to the to that first. information burning to user To whether the the
Click then The Click then the arrow the lower-right corner) to The and other information
Troubleshooting the information the the such as Author and the tracks Click the arrow to the right to or the arrow to the to to the If the right arrow, the Select the and background
To the of the that the the then specify the and OK To the Select the
Chapter Troubleshooting To the background, the Background You included with the software, or or artwork clicking GIF Click arrow to the right to The and shows of JPG/JPEG TIF/TIFF BMP
Click the CD to to that the then Next The The of the least Click to the when printed. The Click Click Next to the process.
Telephone Customer Chapter Troubleshooting the of the finished, the and the displays the completed. Click If technical with follow these Customer that connected correctly to grounded AC that supplying If protector, that turned If peripheral such as or appear to that securely. If recently or software, that to the instructions with If purchase the or software from the and technical
If to about the troubleshooting section of this chapter. Warning To injury, to troubleshoot cords or The Instead, and technician. ID, and with of including the text of and the that the of The follow troubleshooting If how-to about eMachines-supplied or software, the following The or that with or software. information and found Library. The software publishers how-to information about then and Support. the Search then NTER Printed The Microsoft The software publishers
Troubleshooting
Regulations and
FCC This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician Notice: to other computing shielded to with FCC Notice: Peripheral (input/output to comply with the Class attached to this with to interference to and TV reception. or the the authority, which the to this Operation This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. Notice: users This Class with ICES-003. A: Regulations and
NMB-003 Declaration of Conformity EU countries that this PC with the and other of Directive 1999/5/EC. with Notice USA This with of the FCC Located the that other information, the FCC and (REN) this this information to telephone If telephone to the telephone the telephone service temporarily. If they as as You of right to with the FCC. telephone its operations, or procedures that the functioning of If they to opportunity to telephone service. If this should to properly, the from the to causing the If the with the and or TBR This [Council Decision 98/482/EC "TBR to the Switched Telephone Network (PSTN). to the countries, the of of operation every PSTN termination the of should the first instance. To reduce the of fire, AWG or UL or CSA Certified Cord.
of countries EU as of Germany, Greece, Spain, Ireland, Italy, the United Poland, and allowed the countries of Union, as as Iceland and This with the and the country of further information, please office the country of Notice reasons, with telecommunications This includes or certified. Notice New The of item of that that the item with to its It of the Telecom, of warranty. that item correctly with another item of Telepermitted of or imply that with of Telecom's services. This operating of the higher which responsibility should such with Telecom's the (PC) associated with this The associated to within the following with Telecom's Specifications: There than to the within initiation, and The of than seconds the of and the of the with the (PC) associated with this to within the with Telecom's specifications, the associated to that to spaced such that there than seconds the of and the of another. This to to Telecom's Emergency Service. This with while the Telecom DTMF tone There that to A: Regulations and
of when this connected to the as other to or and Should such the should NOT the Service. This the effective of to another connected to the this Please that telephone, The CD or DVD with this The CD or DVD (shown below) located the CLASS LASER PRODUCT CAUTION: INVISIBLE LASER RADIATION WHEN OPEN. AVOID EXPOSURE TO BEAM. APPAREIL LASER DE CLASSE PRODUIT LASERATTENTION: RADIATION DU FAISCEAU LASER INVISIBLE EN CAS DOUVERTURE. EVITTER TOUTE EXPOSITION AUX RAYONS. LUOKAN LASERLAITE LASER KLASSE VORSICHT: UNSICHTBARE LASERSTRAHLUNG, WENN ABDECKUNG GEFFNET NICHT DEM STRAHLL AUSSETZEN PRODUCTO LSER DE LA CLASE ADVERTENCIA: RADIACIN LSER INVISIBLE AL SER ABIERTO. EVITE EXPONERSE LOS RAYOS. ADVARSEL: LASERSTRLING VEDBNING SE IKKE IND STRLEN. VARO! LAVATTAESSA OLET ALTTINA LASERSTEILYLLE. VARNING: LASERSTRLNING NR DENNA DEL R PPNAD L TUIJOTA STEESEENSTIRRA EJ IN STRLEN VARNING: LASERSTRLNING NAR DENNA DEL R PPNADSTIRRA EJ IN STRLEN ADVARSEL: LASERSTRLING NAR DEKSEL PNESSTIRR IKKE INN STRLEN LCD The LCD with high-precision Nevertheless, or appear as or This the recorded and malfunction. copyright protection "U.S and This incorporates copyright protection that protected U.S. and other property rights. of this copyright protection
authorized and and other otherwise authorized or prohibited. Below information with wireless LAN and/or Bluetooth only. This with the and of country or which wireless this or wireless (such as wireless LAN and/or Bluetooth information products with such Union (EU) R&TTE Directive 1999/5/EC as conformity with the following harmonized Health and EN60950-1:2001 A11:2004 EN50371:2002 EMC EN301 V1.6.1 EN301 V1.4.1 (Applicable to non-bluetooth wireless EN301 V1.2.1 EN300 V1.1.2 (Applicable to non-bluetooth wireless EN300 V1.7.1 EN301 V1.4.1 (Applicable to high performance RLAN) A: and
of countries EU as of Germany, Greece, Spain, Ireland, Italy, the United Poland, and allowed the countries of Union, as as Iceland and This with the and the country of further information, please office the country of The FCC RF The radiated of the wireless LAN Card and Bluetooth below the FCC Nevertheless, the PC such that the as follows: This restricted to to its operation the to FCC this to the to to reduce the interference to High as of the to and to These stations interference with and/or this or unauthorized interference to of the internal the FCC and warranty. (RSS-210) Common information to the following This interference, and This interference, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and to licensing.
A: Regulations and