PC
purchasing the Reference and Searching topic technical and Microsoft of Authenticity Chapter XP the the to the items with and Creating Copying and and and Searching the Search Browsing and Working with Creating Shortcuts Chapter the and Learning about the account Accessing account the World Connecting to Downloading Checking and Microsoft Microsoft template
from Automatically Canceling Automatically and Chapter and Creating and WAV and Creating and Creating Building Editing information Creating and editing Editing to Editing Creating CDs and Creating CD Creating CDs and Manually the Chapter Introduction to router Creating Ethernet Ethernet and broadband the and the the TCP/IP Ethernet network Testing and the shared and the Copying the the to
Chapter the and the the the the background Selecting the the and accounts power-saving the advanced Activating and Hibernate supply Chapter Protecting security security About and About XP accounts Protecting from McAfee SecurityCenter XP Security Security Index. www.emachines.com
the Reference and technical technical Chapter
purchasing the Reference and You choosing that pleased with the reliability, and performance of and the and through the to that with the Please this to with of services and highlighted basic and information to operating to customersto best-of-class service and to high-quality, brand-name If knowledgeable, service with fast, service. sincerely that the and from years to Thanks from of hours and the specifications, and information about the www.emachines.com The Reference and troubleshooting information. reference To Reference Click then then Gateway includes and Support, easily of information, troubleshooters, and and to about and to and the features of To and Click then and and You information clicking search, or the
Searching topic To search topic and Support: or phrase the Search located the top of and then NTER each search, the following search types: TopicsThese topics located and and to search topic. Search MatchesThese topics located and and the the Search Microsoft Knowledge BaseThese topics located the Microsoft and the the Search You connected to the to search and these topics. To of search the header the type of to To topic, the topic the Search information research topic or learn to while using the You information selecting topic from or clicking You search information the the searching topic or or through the www.emachines.com
technical and Microsoft of Authenticity Chapter information Customer (technical the Troubleshooting chapter Reference or the Customer The the top, or of includes Customer this information The Microsoft of Authenticity found includes the operating If from the CD or DVD, to these to
the Working with and Searching with Shortcuts Chapter XP
the Chapter XP the first the The the top of Think of the as where and other information about the then and the Search then NTER from this The the the and the The the the of the containing the the and clock the right. Other buttons the that Click the to the The to and other and and Click the then or clicking item the that The where and that You the to permanently them from instructions to the and The Security appear the the clock. The appearance to when the security below the or when Double-click this to the Security information, security
the to the information about the then and Support. the Search then NTER You search and and the To the Click the the of the The showing the first of items. Click to and the the item that arrow to another and reveals related or commands. Click or to information about then and the Search then NTER You to (shortcut) to the that frequently. To to the Click then Right-click the right the that to to the Click To, then shortcut). shortcut that appears the www.emachines.com
items XP information about then and the Search then NTER the or the This shows the (C:) which the (C:) the Title Every each its and include these items: item The title the the top of that shows the title. Clicking the reduces the active to the Clicking the the the Clicking the button expands the active to the Clicking the the to its Clicking the the active or Clicking item the action such as or
Working with and You and to would information You these and and the information as would and throw information information about and then and Support. and the Search then NTER they and than Each (C:) the and (A:) the You such as CD or DVD To the Click then Computer. To the and Double-click the If the of its the of this www.emachines.com
Creating Copying and and Chapter XP the They and other spreadsheets, and picturesthat fact, information To Click then the Double-click the where to the Typically, (C:) and (A:) If the of the the of this If to existing the existing If the of the or the of this or the of this Click New, then The created. the then NTER The appears the information about Shortcuts The whatever or or Then the the information only. Therefore, of or than as as or or the or from the The to and copying, and and or of the or the which temporarily Then, when what the to (the there. and or the or from its location and the or the where the or to there.
and To or to another information about copying or and then and Support. copying and or and the Search then NTER the or to information, and Searching Right-click the right button) the or that to the Click Copy the the With the the right-click. Click of the or appears the location. To or to another the or to information, and Searching Right-click the right button) the or that to the Click the the With the the right-click. Click The or appears its location and from its location. throw and them from the and them Eventually the emptied. throw and first them to the the where they to the You recover the as as the emptied. To or information about and then and Support. and the Search then NTER or the or that to instructions to and Shortcuts If the to Searching Click then the and to the To recover or from the Double-click the The and the and thrown Click the or that to instructions to and Shortcuts www.emachines.com
Searching Chapter XP Click then the or to their locations. To the Emptying the permanently or the These restored. information about emptying the then and Support. emptying the the Search then NTER Double-click the the The Click then Empty that to the Click permanently the If or or of or that characteristics where they the Search to search by: or of Creation type Text contained the which created or You search to searches. and found this copied, or directly from the the
the Search information about searching and then and searching the Search then NTER To and the Search Click then Search. The Search Click and If to search or type or of the or the the of the If type of the Search and of that If type of the Search of the and containing the typed. Click Search. the search completed, the and whose the text that searched or double-clicking the the www.emachines.com
Browsing and Chapter XP advanced search options Search than You search selecting the search options that You search the: the created or of the of such as or text or that rarely right top of It usually that another and and the as that they than fact). to search through of to the or that This browsing. To information about and then and and the Search then NTER Click then Computer. The Double-click the or that think the or that to find. If the of the of this or the of this double-clicking and their the or
with Creating include spreadsheet or other The basic of creating, and apply to of these of The following to and Microsoft WordPad. procedures apply to other such as WordPerfect, Microsoft Word, and Microsoft information about its To Click Accessories, then WordPad. Microsoft WordPad and the and buttons the top of the to the www.emachines.com
Chapter XP information about then and Support. the Search then NTER to to To Click then The Click the arrow to the then the where to the If the through the below the the Click information about then and Support. the Search then NTER To or existing first to the the that created To the Click then
Click the arrow to the then the to If the through the below the Double-click the The information about then and Support. the Search then NTER To connected to or to information about or using the To that the and with the and the Click then Print. The the then OK. The www.emachines.com
Shortcuts XP information about shortcuts, then and Support. shortcuts the Search then NTER The following shows shortcuts that and that information about shortcuts, or To... this... Copy or graphic or Click the then C TRL X. graphic or graphic Select items Click the first and the C TRL or then each of the items. Select items or or Click the or then HIFT ELETE The or permanently The or the or Click the or F2, type the then NTER the active or Press LT F4. Switch to or Click the then C TRL C. Click the or where to the then C TRL V. Click the first item the and the HIFT then the item the Press LT AB
Learning about the account the World and Microsoft and Chapter the and
Learning about the the and The of together to information to people everywhere. The services the and the World You this to telephone, DSL Subscriber or and with service (ISP). information other from the ISP to the and to the through ISP. If to the To Ethernet Reference If Ethernet and would to purchase Ethernet the Accessory www.emachines.com that to other or using telephone, DSL, or built-in telephone and DSL to through Ethernet and than telephone service that to the through ISP to ISP, the ISP the and of service locally. browsera that displays information from the World Microsoft included with information, the World that and the Microsoft or included with information,
account Accessing account the World Connecting to the information the World to account with service (ISP). To ISP service or to existing account to this the ISP directly. those telephone to to the This include ordinary telephone ISDN and ADSL PPP, or other technologies. to temporary to the charges (with both telephone and service often increase the to the To the users, that to the and then when finished. service instructions to to and from the and DSL known as broadband, or telephone to to ISP and the instances, broadband always-connected service. With this type of service, the of the amount of information about accounts, then and the ISP the Search then the arrow The to account from ISP to ISP. ISP the The World to the that to of information Information the to which that browser. You of the browsers, Microsoft or Firefox. animations, and other features. of related You to the and You or other clicking or or or animated You the If the to hand, the item To learn about the features, the account with service (ISP), the information the World To to to account. the to to account, to Click then showing or www.emachines.com
Downloading Chapter the and To to type the URL the www.emachines.com), then GO the OR On the to information about to then and Support. to the Search then NTER The the the to and displays the the that requested. slowly. The that displays the complexity of the and other Additionally, the of To that the information, Protecting from Downloading the of from the to To or from to account. the type the of the that the or to then GO the OR Click to to the containing the that to or the where to the information, with and Click the the the that to Follow the on-screen instructions the the that of the to The that to the to and the that created. information about downloading then and Support. downloading the Search then NTER or the double-clicking If follow the instructions the to or the
Checking to who and usually free service of account. The arrive consists of the and the of the service (ISP) or that hosts that assigned when account with ISP. with account with might that to this To or to service Click then Click New. the of the to to the To the of the the such as photographs, to information, the finished, the to the specified. information about using then and Support. the Search then NTER To using to service Click then Click Double-click the to read. To from Norton information, Protecting from information about and the www.emachines.com
and Microsoft Microsoft the and This chapter Microsoft and You or or DSL following these instructions. services that or using broadband and You telephone to to the while and Microsoft and originally To Click then The Click/Double-click and The or Click The Click Services, then Next. Click to the Click to the to Microsoft XP -OR- Click to the or The first the to information the Location Information and the and boxes. first to information. cover sheets and headers this information, of which The the first to To Microsoft Click Accessories, then The
On the to Next. The Information the information about that to appear cover then Next. The Select or Click the arrow to the Please the then the to and If the to the telephone to the Click Next. The Subscriber (TSID) characters such as hyphens. using instead of hyphens telephone and numbers. the information. This information You type as as characters the text characters characters Click Next. www.emachines.com
cover template the and If to type the information, then Next. This information and the that typed The Routing If to to and to then Next. The Summary Click The If the Security Unblock. You cover template that of the cover templates that Microsoft To cover template, the On this information that both the and the when To cover Click Accessories, then The Cover If the OK. If to include that from the or the (such as To or them to the the then them to the You the to include information that (such as of or and If to include that appears (such as or the type text of then the to the If to include that appears to the then the Cover and it to the To then As. The with cover already the the cover template Click
from You the to to or To Click Accessories, then The On the to Next. The Information the and of the of If to the to type the If to to than and type the and of the Next. The the Click the arrow to the then the cover template to the the the the then Next. The when to the and the then Next. The Completing the Click If the Security Unblock. To directly from the created Click then Print. The www.emachines.com
Canceling Automatically the and Click the arrow to the then the Click Print. The Complete the following the instructions To that scanned: Scan the the With the then Print. The Click the arrow to the then the Click Print. The Complete the following the instructions You to the to three To Click then The If and Other Hardware. Click or The and -OR- If the and The and Right-click then The Click the Devices then Properties. The the of and the amount of Click OK. You that to the To that If Accessories, then The Click then right-click the to Click to the Click If to and to to
and To Click then The If and Other Hardware. Click or The and -OR- If the and The and Right-click then The Click the Devices then The Click the Click to the Automatically and specify the of Click OK. To and Click Accessories, then The the incoming and them the To then the to The where and the www.emachines.com
Chapter the and
and Creating and Creating and Creating and Creating CDs and Creating CDs and Chapter
and WAV Chapter and Creating Sound that and WAV WAV the sounds. To WAV Sound Click Accessories, then Sound The Sound Click then The Click the to then the clicking then the clicking Record Stop
and Player of and including WAV, MIDI, MP3, AU, AVI, and MPEG information about To using Click then Stop Click then The Click the to then the clicking then the clicking CDs protection software. You to these CDs To DVD DVD If DVD and would to internal or the Accessory www.emachines.com. information about then and Support. CDs or the Search then NTER You Player. www.emachines.com information
Chapter and Creating using to to or information about using To that the turned or headphones and that the turned CD or DVD the CD or DVD If with of CD players or DVD players, OR If with of CD players or DVD players, then Stop Previous Next Click If hear sound or to the the Reference
Creating and Creating information about or recording, then and Support. recording or the Search then NTER You of including WAV, MP3, and WMA Recording WAV Sound that and WAV WAV the sounds. information about WAV WAV To WAV microphone of the Microphone the location of the Microphone Reference Click Accessories, then Sound The Sound Click (record), then the microphone. recording, Click then As. The the recording, the location where to the recording, then The recording www.emachines.com Record
and Creating Creating WMA and MP3 CDs protection software. You from these CDs. the from CD to as WMA or MP3 WMA and MP3 high-fidelity without noticeably WMA the WMA, and MP3 the MP3. To WMA or MP3 CD CD or DVD If with of CD players, OR If with of CD players, then The Click then the Rip Click the arrow to the Format then or information the the of Learn about MP3 Click CDs and Devices, Rip CD, then the that the CD. Click to clear the to record.
Building Editing information Click Rip Music. records the to as WMA appears to each as recorded. to library. You MP3 or WMA track and information to You to by: Creating MP3 or WMA filesWhen MP3 or WMA from the CD, these to library. and and from or to the library. the process, WMA and MP3 become If to, or with, try downloading the Downloading from the to the WMA and MP3 that to library. WMA or MP3 to library, the tracks information. To information: Click then Player. Click the Right-click the to then Advanced The Advanced track information such as Title, and Click OK. The information appears the library. www.emachines.com
Creating and Editing to Chapter and Creating If connected to that from the as You from attached to instructions to user information about editing then and Support. the Search then NTER that and and through the IEEE (optional) information about using its You software with information about using this software, including that To to to following the instructions. If with of OR If with of then and the
Editing If the From Complete the the clicking Next each amount of hour than GB of with editing. reach the the and information about the the Learn about the or then Topics of the to Splitting than or combining or from the or of and credits information about the then it to of the following Click to to to Click to CD to to CD. Click to as Click to the to or to and family the Click to DV to back to and www.emachines.com
Creating CDs and Creating CD and Creating that other while creating CDs or If copyrighted CD or DVD, from the copyright owner. copyright and to of and other If about rights, To CD: Click then writable CD CD or DVD If action, then OK. Click the The Select to
Creating CDs and Click Playlist. The Click the to them to the playlist. the to OK. Click To CD or DVD: CDs protection software. You MP3 from these CDs and to to these CDs CD or DVD CD or DVD If action, then OK. Copy the to burn to the then Computer, right-click the containing the then Right-click the of pasted, then these to CD/DVD. The to the www.emachines.com
Functions Shortcut to features. the (A/V) selections, and the DVD and characters from the the (reduced and Creating If with and with (optional), the to TV, and to to and to (The included with information, (A/V) Shortcut buttons buttons Navigation buttons
Functions buttons replay recorded TV and and the CD and DVD Navigation the around the and selections, back to the previous the aspect and information. Press the OK to selection. Manually the To the Press the the The software the to option, then OK. You the to TV search recordings, and first the the to information from or service to the manually. To manually the that connected to the Press the the to then OK. The to TV, then OK. to then OK. to then OK. The Select then OK. the www.emachines.com
Chapter and Creating
Introduction to Creating Ethernet Testing the to Chapter
Introduction to router Chapter Ethernet consists of or connected together through Ethernet This type commonly offices around the and to the home. or Ethernet Ethernet or other or office. to and hire Ethernet three Ethernet Ethernet and Ethernet built or Ethernet typically built or Ethernet To Ethernet or Ethernet or office. The to Ethernet (DHCP) router. DHCP router to IP to each or information router, the routers router-based Ethernet The following of Ethernet The of router, or DSL computers, and each of these The router the the To the to wireless Ethernet to wired Ethernet to the router or router that built-in
Attached to the router of or Ethernet-ready connected to the router or DSL that to the Router router-based Ethernet Ethernet should Ethernet Ethernet or or Ethernet or of rated the of the rated Ethernet or with Ethernet One router One broadband (optional) Ethernet of the router, the includes everything including: security features, such as firewall, to from switch to the DHCP server/dynamic IP assignment to and IP Ethernet already To Ethernet already Click then The If Performance and Click/Double-click the then The www.emachines.com
Creating Ethernet network Ethernet and broadband the and the Chapter Click the front of Netwcmork The Ethernet listed. If listed, the type of Ethernet to Ethernet and the that Ethernet already the that with Ethernet instructions the and If broadband already the with ISP. to the the activated. Broadband from ISP to ISP. should ISP instructions they about that broadband correctly. To the the using If the service You each the and the Workgroup To this the Click then The If Performance and The Performance and Click/Double-click The Click Computer Click The the This the to other users the of to characters with Each allowed. the Workgroup of to characters with The the and the than Click OK to the
the TCP/IP to to each other. One of each to the (TCP/IP), which and as as XP, TCP/IP as the Terms should know (DHCP) router temporarily assign IP to the IP (IP) that the that what subnetwork the located This the DHCP to the TCP/IP each with router or router, the to IP from DHCP To DHCP Click then The If Network and The Network and Click/Double-click Network The Network Right-click then The OR If LAN and follow the instructions the New www.emachines.com
Ethernet Chapter Click to the (TCP/IP) the This the following items If TCP/IP, the to choices. Click The (TCP/IP) Click the Click IP automatically. Click OK to the (TCP/IP) Click OK to the Click to the Network this using unshielded, twisted-pair (approximately 1/4-inch with thin containing wires), and with this type of This type of with RJ-45 telephone with each types; straight-through to to router, and to computers. To which type of both of the with the facing from and with the the straight-through the wires both attached to the to right). the wires each attached to the to right).
using router If than and to high-speed Broadband or DSL the of router. router the from The router IP to the the and firewall protection as to router, straight-through each to to the To router: of the the AC the router and the other grounded, 110V Turn computers. of straight-through the router the WAN The WAN to the router to the DSL or and or switch. the other of the the the each connected to the router, the should light the front of the router, indicating each the straight-through the WAN the router and the other the Ethernet the DSL or router and TCP/IP them, router using instructions, routers www.emachines.com Router WAN
Testing and that of and If to to the the New information, account physical the lights the front of the router or with the the router or Temporarily off firewall software Turn off of the then them back to routers or troubleshooting information service With and With and DVD and the connected to the To the computers, each the shared Follow the instructions included with to the each the and each shared, them as though they attached directly to Then and other or If to or the following instructions. To or or right-click the or that to then and Security. The If the of that to everyone If the of that to everyone the
Click the If this the first or Network to access, then follow the on-screen instructions. OR If previously and to or with others the to the this the type the Shared To other users to and write to the shared or to the Allow users to Click OK. Un-sharing and To or or right-click the or that to then and Security. that the this the selected. Click OK. To Click then The If and Other Hardware. Click/Double-click the and The and Right-click the of the to then Click this Click OK. www.emachines.com
the shared and the Chapter the and each shared, and network and other information about then and Support. the Search then NTER To shared and Click then Network The Network Click/Double-click Network The Network If the of the Network, Double-click Microsoft Network. Double-click the of The of each of the listed. Double-click the of the containing the or to shared and listed. or as another the of the or as the attached directly to the the as the To the from the To the or the shared and Right-click the or then Network The Network Click the arrow to the then the to this or to. Click to to this or each to the Click To the the the to Click then to the that the to
Copying the the to Double-click the containing the then the To the Click then Computer. The to the that the to to the to Click the Click then Copy. Double-click the where to the to. Click then the the the the the from. You the and instructions from the CD that shipped with or from the To the the to Click then Print. Click the arrow to the then the Click OK. of to To to the of the following: to then the information about and to the includes USB or information, the instructions that with that built-in wireless wireless www.emachines.com
the and the the and user accounts power-saving
the and the If the brightness, and and using the the front of information about these user the and of the to You such as the background and the of displays. appearance. appear while photographs of to with quality. choose from that the If the or played or the and to Color, necessary. To the depth: Click then The If Appearance and Themes. Click/Double-click the The Click the
the Click the arrow to the then the information about then and Support. the Search then NTER Click OK, then information about then and Support. the Search then NTER You increase the to or the to reading the The higher the the of the (such as and appear. To the Click then The If Appearance and Themes. Click/Double-click the The Click the the to the If connected, to the the Click OK, then www.emachines.com
the Chapter You the of items, such as the background and title To Click then The If Appearance and Themes. Click/Double-click the The Click the Appearance Click the arrow to the the then OK. The appear OR If to as of theme, the following To as of theme: Click Advanced. The Advanced Appearance Click the arrow to the Item then the item to the or the Click OK, then the Themes Click As, type the theme, then OK The appear
the background information about the background, then and background the Search then NTER You the background backgrounds, or that created or from other To the background: Click then The If Appearance and Themes. Click/Double-click the The Click the Click background the Background OR Click to background from another location. If the chose to cover the the arrow to the then or If the chose the and choose to stretch or the the the clicking the arrow to the then clicking Click OK. www.emachines.com
Selecting Chapter If of without You should which constantly its to this displays with burn-in. You to others from while from of that choose from, and from the and as products. To Click then The If Appearance and Themes. Click/Double-click the The Click the Click the arrow to the then the the If to the then If the the selected. If to the whenever the the On If to the the activated, the or to the information about selecting then and Support. the Search then NTER Click OK.
If to roughly the of You the to To Right-click the then The Click the Click the then this Click Apply. information about then and the Search then NTER You and them to the The boxes shown this section only and the If or to To or Turn off the or the secondary VGA the location of the VGA the or Reference Turn www.emachines.com
the Chapter the or AC then the and searches its You to the from the the or the from the the right-click the then The Click the Right-click the then Attached. Click Apply. such as Screen or Quality necessary. Click OK. The TV that or The shown this section only and the To the (or other transmitted through the or of headphones or to hear sound while DVD. DVD playback to VCR copyright protection software. The or RCA or To With off, of to the or the location of the the or the other of the to the or VCR. Turn the or VCR.
Click then The If Appearance and Themes. Click/Double-click the The Click the Click Advanced. The Click the Click the TV already then Apply. www.emachines.com TV TV
the If the TV and TV detected the that the turned and connected correctly. To On the TV. The TV the then OK. information about then and Support. the Search then NTER You the or right-hand and other To Click then The If and Other Hardware.
and accounts Click/Double-click the The Click of the to Click OK to You and account each who You accounts without turning off account If to account that to to to that account that accounts to If or peripheral account, other accounts. If this the or the accounts that created account from other accounts the the Shared The Shared from accounts that and from other the To or accounts: Click then Click/Double-click the Accounts The Accounts information about accounts, then and accounts the Search then NTER Follow the on-screen instructions to or account. www.emachines.com
power-saving the Chapter To accounts: Click then The Click Switch The If that turned off. Click the user account that to switch accounts, that the to information about the then and Support. the Search then NTER of options such as when the or turned off. You of the or To the Click then The If Performance and
advanced Click/Double-click the The Click the arrow button to the then click the OR Click arrow the Turn off or Turn off then the To and type the Click OK. information about the then and the Search then NTER Advanced assign to the To Click then The If Performance and Click/Double-click the The www.emachines.com
Activating and Hibernate Chapter Click the Advanced Click the arrow to buttons then the to Click OK. information about hibernate then and Support. hibernate the Search then NTER Hibernate to writes memory (RAM) information to the then completely off. The reads the memory information from the and the and that when activated Hibernate To Hibernate Click then The If Performance and Click/Double-click the The
Click the Hibernate Click the hibernation then Apply. Hibernate option the and Advanced and the Click OK. To Hibernate the then the Click the arrow to hibernates then the to -OR- the then the Advanced Hibernate option the manually-selected Click then Down. Press and HIFT then Hibernate. To (UPS): information about supply, the UPS or then and Support. supply the Search then NTER Click then The If Performance and Click/Double-click the The www.emachines.com
Chapter Click the UPS Click Select. The UPS Selection Click the and of the UPS then the where the UPS attached. Click then OK.
security security Security Chapter Protecting Computer
security security About and Although to with to the information to theft of The first security from to the the back of then the to or You and stores. the location of the Reference The security and that The and If to to and to other people from You to when or These BIOS that that would to Chapter
About XP accounts Protecting from account each who accounts, each account. You to each account only the account the information about XP account s, then and accounts the Search then NTER account, the that or that attaches to then from to another. or to malfunction. undetected of they activated Protect from by: of McAfee SecurityCenter and to the service. You free to of these services when purchased the McAfee to and that attached to or from the Checking them. Microsoft Word and These that that might the McAfee to the the Security to with the highest of protection. information about security security www.emachines.com
McAfee SecurityCenter the McAfee SecurityCenter The McAfee SecurityCenter includes the following McAfee service. You to from horses, and McAfee inbound and outbound to McAfee Service protects identity theft the of personally information. This service offensive (including and and and where McAfee from reaching and protects known Phishing scams. information about protecting then and the the Search then NTER Scanning and To and Click McAfee, then McAfee SecurityCenter. McAfee SecurityCenter Click Scan. McAfee and that McAfee finished scanning, the displays summary of the items and from
McAfee to the from the and them If off this should manually To that to the Click then McAfee SecurityCenter. McAfee SecurityCenter Click The McAfee SecurityCenter To McAfee SecurityCenter the McAfee You McAfee to and You the of that To McAfee VirusScan: Click then McAfee SecurityCenter. McAfee SecurityCenter www.emachines.com
Click of services appears to the right of Click the services The Click the protection to that then Advanced. Click the type of to then the options that type. Click OK. Chapter
McAfee You McAfee to from or too the To McAfee Click McAfee, then McAfee SecurityCenter. McAfee SecurityCenter Click then the services The Click the to that then Advanced. www.emachines.com
XP Security Click the to then follow the instructions that Click OK. Security through: firewall Third-party protection software Security options security To security Click then Security The Security Click or Firewall. information about the Security about Security Chapter
Security To to XP and software to If to the security built XP, Microsoft high-priority to the You should to Click to high-priority These include Click Custom to high-priority, software, and These include security www.emachines.com
XP Security the XP Security to routinely the and them automatically. To Click then Security Click The to the then OK. Chapter
include and conflicts. It gathers information about the and from the flashing the To the that to www.emachines.com
Chapter
shared shared accounts ISP to accounts AU CD tracks to track information AVI background broadband and C to CD to creating creating information of Authenticity closing of router TCP/IP connecting to to IEEE (VGA) VGA copying and text and graphics creating shortcuts WMA and text and graphics and shortcuts background of selecting DHCP disconnecting from using and creating downloading and DSL DVD creating information editing using Ethernet creating
Ethernet and from cover template copying downloading shared recovering searching and and topics firewall copying creating recovering searching Ethernet and searching Hibernate IEEE account to downloading to service (ISP) to from account IP ISP service shortcuts Microsoft of Authenticity LCD protection McAfee SecurityCenter Service Microsoft Wordpad Microsoft of Authenticity MIDI DSL MP3 creating editing information MPEG CD DVD recording
building copying testing using NTSC/PAL and text and graphics CD Player CD advanced advanced Hibernate UPS supply closing recording CD recovering and and emptying recovering and telephone and and restoring and router of Search searching and and security McAfee SecurityCenter protection www.emachines.com Security XP security shortcuts to closing closing copying and and selecting items selecting items switching or software Sound recording (TV) TCP/IP telephone and from
cover template DVD TV testing title from to supply (UPS) security McAfee SecurityCenter UPS accounts XP switching XP VGA to creating editing to shared protecting WAV connecting to downloading closing title Product Search Security building creating creating WMA editing information CD to editing to Security Security WMA creating information Wordpad World (WWW) downloading