PC
the and Contacting
Thank purchasing You choosing that pleased with the reliability, and performance of Each and every the and through the to that with the Please this to with of services and highlighted basic and information to operating to customers to best-of-class service and to high-quality, brand-name If knowledgeable, service with fast, service. sincerely hope that the and from years to from of www.eMachines.com
hours and the specifications, and information about the Customer and includes and easily of information, troubleshooters, and and to about and to and the features of To and Support: Click then and and You information clicking search, or the www.eMachines.com
Chapter Searching topic To search topic and type or phrase the Search located the top of and then the arrow each search, the following search types: These topics located and and to search topic. Search Matches These topics located and and the the Search Microsoft Knowledge These topics located the Microsoft and the the Search You connected to the to search and these topics. To of search the header the type of to To topic, the topic the Search and conflicts. It gathers information about the security and from the Whenever flashing the To the that to To Click then To learn about From the then www.eMachines.com
information research topic or learn to while the You information selecting topic from or clicking You search information the the searching topic or or through the www.eMachines.com
Chapter information To information, the Support, and technical information the located the front of www.eMachines.com
Checking Locating and Locating the Microsoft of Authenticity Locating the specifications Purchasing Chapter
Checking PC includes the following options and locations from the below. DVD/CD DVD/CD (optional) (optional) USB (optional) IEEE (optional) USB (optional) www.eMachines.com and and Customer information Memory (optional) S/No: Microphone Headphone
DVD/CD this to to CDs, and and type). 3.5-inch the optional (optional) information, the USB USB (Universal (such as USB (optional) or this information, or other peripheral when the accessed. IEEE known as or (such as IEEE (optional) of these IEEE information, or other peripheral Memory memory from MP3 PDA, (optional) telephone, or other the memory information, the memory Press this to the or off. You the to Standby/Resume or Hibernate Microphone microphone this This or Headphone front amplifier, or headphones this This and Customer information and and This CD, CD, DVD, or DVD To type and information about types The button lights when the turned information about to and Customer www.eMachines.com PC
Checking PC includes the following options and locations from the below. switch PS/2 PS/2 USB USB (optional) Microphone input Telephone thumbscrew www.eMachines.com cover thumbscrew IEEE (optional) Ethernet
switch turning that this switch the the The switch the factory with the the this (PS/2) this PS/2 PS/2 PS/2 this (such as this information, or other peripheral (such as this information, or other peripheral this USB USB (Universal (such as USB (optional) or these information, or other peripheral Microphone microphone this This or front amplifier, or headphones this This input input (such as this sound This Telephone If telephone the (optional) telephone this cover these screws the thumbscrews the United States, the The supply should to this when operating the United States. other of the such as the If operating such as this, the switch should to www.eMachines.com PC
Checking IEEE known as or IEEE (optional) (such as of these IEEE information, or other peripheral Ethernet Ethernet or (such as DSL or broadband this this www.eMachines.com
The shown this section informational only. information features and location. and The the front of information that and Customer this information Microsoft of Authenticity The Microsoft of Authenticity found the back or of includes the operating www.eMachines.com
Chapter Checking www.eMachines.com
Started Protecting from Turning and off the the and the the peripheral Chapter
Chapter Started the following and and and strain. and to the Reducing or bright lighting should the or directly the and and light directly or and indirect lighting focusing of from occasionally, and to and and that the the height and the Select www.eMachines.com the Top of higher than to of sight
the height of the and to the when the and If the or too using that evenly, and the or slightly below the of This shoulders while type. the height, the of the seat, or footrest to the and the back of thighs. the back of the the of You or cushion to back and the the top higher than the within reach, and the to to of sight. and You should to reach them without stretching. the height and as the arching, or wrists. that they when type. or back. with back straight hips, and right when to and stretch twisting torso or and from to repetition. to stretch and to the and of www.eMachines.com
Chapter Started Protecting from the of electricity increase to and or Protect and peripheral them to which and them from reaching High through both the Warning and the Protect If telephone that If that TV both the and the supply (UPS) to Although of with UPS, UPS enough to and normally. Checking the selection supply integrated to to the board, cards, and The selection location typically the factory. the selection switch the back of to the supply to 115V or 230V. To that the the selection switch. If the selection switch incorrectly, this switch correctly location turning www.eMachines.com the United States, the The supply should to this when operating the United States. other of the such as the If operating such as this, the switch should to
To the selection switch: such as to the selection switch to the Starting To the to the Turn If the first follow the on-screen instructions to Turn peripheral such as or and the that with the instructions. selection switch www.eMachines.com
Chapter Started or turned off power-saving While the flashes. If the or the to it Turning off off the Warning and board to from the and from the outlets. disconnecting the and when To off Click then Turn The Turn Click Turn and off If reason the Turn option to off and the about seconds, then release www.eMachines.com
Restarting If to or input, to that responding. If closing to operation, to To and Press C TRL +A LT +D EL The Click the Applications then the that responding. Click Click the top-right of the If respond, off, seconds, then If off, and the about seconds, then release of the to the automatically. the finished, the You the to the and the of sound To the using If using the the front of the -OR- If the and buttons the information, information Enhanced information about and then and the the Search then the arrow. www.eMachines.com Restarting
Started the Enhanced Editing buttons buttons Function Function www.eMachines.com Navigation Application Application Directional Navigation buttons Directional
features The of and buttons. that which active. Editing these buttons to and Function Each function the to about the function buttons these buttons to search, or playback these buttons to and to the buttons Navigation Press these to the to the of to the of the the to the of or to the of UM OCK C APS OCK or CROLL OCK activated. Press the to the function. Press of these to the These with other to (Search and Application Access shortcut and Directional the right, or these to type when the UM OCK turned www.eMachines.com the
Started the The that the the This shows the the the (arrow) the the You the and right the to the You the wheel the to through This www.eMachines.com Right
To... this... the the Select the or the the or and release the This action double-clicking. Access shortcut or information about the the instructions to the Cleaning the click, click, and and www.eMachines.com the around the If of and to the farther, the the of the then the the the and release the once. This action clicking. the the and release the right once. This action right-clicking. the the Press the and the to the of the Release the to the where the
Chapter Started Connecting the built-in 56K that to to telephone To reduce the of fire, AWG or Warning telecommunications cord. To the of the the the back of the other of the telephone The with or PBX telephone then www.eMachines.com
Connecting to Ethernet that to to wired Ethernet with built-in Ethernet To to wired Ethernet of the the the back of the other of the You Ethernet than Tricks broadband such as and DSL to Ethernet www.eMachines.com Connecting to wired Ethernet
Chapter Started or other peripheral or other peripheral the and instructions. or of the following IEEE known as or Universal (USB), and You these to such as and to information about locations, Checking Computer IEEE and USB plug-and-play and which that such whenever the IEEE or USB the first to software the this, and the and the information and instructions. information about peripheral and then and www.eMachines.com the the Search then the arrow.
and the the memory CD or DVD Chapter
Chapter and the The optional 3.5-inch or to another To the the with the facing To the then Double-click the the A: then the To the that the activity light off, then the www.eMachines.com activity light
the memory You the optional memory to from to You the memory to and that memory cards, such as PDA, MP3 player, or Memory The memory the following types: assigned the E: and F: from type to another. Activity Card facing facing SM facing facing Memory facing Memory PRO facing CompactFlash right facing IBM right facing www.eMachines.com the memory
and memory To memory or while using only To memory the memory the memory as indicated the previous To the memory then Double-click the the E: then the To memory the to then the of the the memory or off the while the You Also, the from the off the the the to the memory If the memory www.eMachines.com
the CD or DVD You to of features. of the following types. the front of the or of the following If this This type... CD CDs, and CD-RW CDs, and creating CDs. DVD/CD-RW CDs, creating CDs, and DVD CDs, and DVD+RW CDs, and recording and to DVD+R or DVD+RW DVD R/RW CDs, and recording and to DVD+R, DVD+RW, DVD-R, and DVD-RW DVD+RW CDs, and recording and to DVD+R www.eMachines.com To the of the DVD the purchase or DL. other of capacity. the CD or DVD
and CD or DVD Activity (location (location CDs protection software. You to these CDs To CD or DVD: Press the the CD or DVD the the with the facing the that the facing If the the the of the to facing Press the to the www.eMachines.com
CD the or to: CDs MP3 from CDs information to to DVD (DVD) to CD capacity. of this increased capacity, of or of You with the DVD or Player Creating CDs or You the CD or DVD burning to from CD to or CDs and CDs, and www.eMachines.com the CD or DVD
and www.eMachines.com
Protecting from Cleaning Restoring the memory and the
Chapter To the of that the and from both and subjecting to from repairs that covered warranty. or and the internal mechanisms. the of AC the of that to to choose operating software, and New to the regularly, the and to and smoothly. and with tailored selection of that apply only to the software and To to the Click then Click Scan information about then and and www.eMachines.com the the Search then the arrow.
Protecting from that to then from to another. or to malfunction. undetected of they activated Protect from by: and to Norton You free, to the Norton service when purchased the Norton to and that attached to or downloaded from the Checking them. suspicious Microsoft Word and These that that might the Norton to the information about protecting and then and To Click Norton then Norton the the Search then the arrow. Scan www.eMachines.com Protecting from
Chapter Click Scan Click the type of to the Scan then Actions, Scan To If follow on-screen instructions to the Turn off and it off least seconds. Turn and the www.eMachines.com Scan
To Norton You free, to the Norton Tricks service when purchased To Norton the free that connected to the Click Norton then Norton The Follow the on-screen instructions to with the protection the finished, Cleaning and the free from its You to gather these items and together cleaning lint-free cloth of that CD or DVD cleaning Cleaning the the off, Warning flows through To from shock, the and from the outlets. off and other peripherals cleaning cloth to and other of or cleaners they the www.eMachines.com Cleaning
Chapter cooled through the the the free of With turned off and the from the with cloth. to the to from the of Cleaning the You should the of with to and the If the off and the the then the trying to If the to Cleaning the To LCD screen or cloth and to clean the LCD the cloth directly the and the with the cloth. or LCD of specially coated and scratched or or ammonia-based cleaners. To clean CRT cloth and to clean the the cloth directly the and the with the cloth. Cleaning the If the the or becomes to precisely, cleaning the its To the of the with cloth www.eMachines.com
To clean trackball Turn the the the of the counter-clockwise, then the and or from the with cloth. Clean the with isopropyl the and the www.eMachines.com Cleaning
Chapter Cleaning CDs or from the to the around the Restoring that the that created with the recovery the or that included with If to to the the or the located the The instructions using the or included the instruction that with www.eMachines.com
Preventing electricity The to electricity, known as (ESD). To to and Warning off and the and and the ESD permanently ESD following ESD the the follow these Turn off Wear grounding wrist stores) and to of To of shock, the Warning of the supply. Touch the back of the the and the and network with follow these static-causing such as plastic, and from their when ready to them. the of the of the protection. their or their mounting touching the and the cards. or www.eMachines.com Preventing electricity
the easy to internal To to and Warning off then the and the the To the Follow the instructions First then the and and peripheral Press the to from the thumbscrews from the cover, the cover the back of the then the from the www.eMachines.com
Removing the front To the front the where the top front of the then the from the to the from the front of the There connected to the back of the the from the the to the of the with the attached. OR the from the the front and from the www.eMachines.com the
Chapter Closing the the To the that of the the they pinched when the the then the the front of the to the thumbscrews. the and cord. www.eMachines.com
the front To the front the with the Press the www.eMachines.com Closing the
Chapter memory the memory, that the type of memory DIMM memory. To or DIMM memory: the following the instructions the its To scratching the or other the memory board. memory location from the below. www.eMachines.com
If DIMM from the memory the from the of the memory and OR If DIMM to memory the from the of the memory the notches the DIMM with the notches the memory and the the The the of the memory should the memory automatically. the hear click. the following the instructions the to its upright the and the cord. Turn and the appears. Click then Performance and Click/Double-click The amount of memory shown the of the the www.eMachines.com memory
Chapter the If the clock or the the BIOS when off the battery. of the and as the that of incorrectly replaced. Warning To the battery: the and the F1 The of the BIOS the the and then from the the following the instructions the its To scratching the or other the the and its You to the the location from the below. the release The of the www.eMachines.com with the or type recommended the of following the instructions.
that the of the facing then the the the following the instructions the and the cord. Turn the BIOS the BIOS that wrote and the BIOS www.eMachines.com the
Chapter www.eMachines.com
Troubleshooting Troubleshooting typical and software telephone troubleshooting and Chapter
Chapter Troubleshooting While troubleshooting follow these cover while turned and while the and the connected. that correctly grounded internal information about from electricity, To to troubleshoot Warning First If with these things first: that the AC connected to and AC outlet and that the AC supplying If or protector, that turned If peripheral (such as or that that If appears the write the The Customer and fixing the If or peripheral the and that each instruction. If the or the information about troubleshooting, then and and www.eMachines.com or The Instead, and technician. the troubleshooting the Search then the arrow.
Troubleshooting The and that the software. information, the that with Sound Battery CD or DVD The or the CD or DVD that the facing then try Occasionally or become scratched and the CD or DVD temporary memory and CDs protection software. You to these CDs Clean the information, Cleaning CDs or that the correctly following the instructions the the www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Chapter Troubleshooting CD sound that the facing then CDs protection software. You to these CDs that the turned information, the that the turned off. information, the that the connected correctly and securely. and Clean the information, Cleaning CDs or the DVD that DVD To type, types that the facing then Occasionally or become scratched and the DVD and Clean the information, Cleaning CDs or the that the DVD and DVD that DVD title and reduce To to DVD, the and DVD match. The DVD The the United States and The DVD match the the The the the or If the DVD the and DVD match. www.eMachines.com
The that the connected to AC and turned The and You to or the or write-protected that the write-protection the of the (unprotected). the and that the Occasionally and the the If and corrected, the You Access or the write-protection the of the (unprotected). The the and that the using Occasionally and the You the Occasionally and the checking the www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting You or the from the then NTER that the using The LED continuously the from the If the light restarting DVD CD or DVD If while holding the HIFT the restored. To Double-click the Right-click the to then The to the where originally from. If the Recycle to the restored. information about restoring then and and www.eMachines.com the the Search then the arrow.
You from the using Empty the right-clicking the then clicking Empty when the to another If the to then them from the information about then and and You This the of the To the The accessed, or reading C If the and Press C TRL +A LT +D EL to If subjected to electricity or physical shock, to the operating You or the from the then NTER the the Search then the arrow. www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Chapter Troubleshooting You to the If using that the the and the Ethernet network PC to that the correctly. OR If or DSL that the the Ethernet and the PC to that the correctly. that account with service (ISP) correctly. ISP technical that with information, information about troubleshooting and then and You to host and to the This when typed URL incorrectly, or ISP technical Double-check the URL or URL. If the appears, from the ISP and then and the If the ISP technical Connecting to too factors performance: The of the telephone or service The of the to which and the of those The complexity of graphics and downloads, and www.eMachines.com the troubleshooting the Search then the arrow.
People Click the that account with service (ISP) correctly. ISP technical The that the correctly. information, the that with and switch boxes. Clean the using of with to and the that know to that the the character repeating or or that nothing resting the that Press each to that then the If the off and the Clean the and to the If the to www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Chapter Troubleshooting Memory You Memory third-party to memory You Not enough memory then information about troubleshooting memory and then and Memory the memory appear the or that the the and the Ethernet PC to that the correctly. that connected to the telephone and the telephone that the than or protectors from telephone then tone telephone the telephone If telephone services such as or that cleared and using the telephone service to the to temporarily the service. that the correctly. www.eMachines.com the memory the Search then the arrow.
To the Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the and then the Click the location from which then that correct. information about then and and Disconnect or that the as the these to the as the that or PBX These with (scratchy, crackling, or sounds). that the to abort downloads, or The the the and correctly. to the telephone. (such as the tone the to that that the free from and screws the or telephone You telephone service and the or another telephone telephone house or location). If this telephone service. connecting with the If reducing the telephone service. The telephone too the the Search then the arrow. www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Chapter Troubleshooting You to the The ISP technical ISP technical the with The with the troubleshooting information 56K 56K Current FCC regulations rates telephone to 53K. Other factors, such as service or ISP the further. If the which to 33.6K. If the which to 48K. ISP 48K only and when 56K only and of The that the connected to the and the PC to that the correctly. If the the with another that the telephone the telephone, or another the that with telephone and with the and To Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the and then the www.eMachines.com
Click then The Click the then If information about the appears, the If information white screen appears with or such as already or the to the information about troubleshooting, then and and The when and to to another acquainted the that establishes and You hear sounds when the first If the sounds too the To the Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the and then the Click the to then Click the then the Click OK to the and the troubleshooting the Search then the arrow. www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting The the from the information about the and then and The there that the and turned If the turned the LED should the and to the that the connected to the the back of the or the that know to The that: The least about uniformity. Non-shielded too to the The too to another light, shelf, or You the using the information there or the thin wire, located of the from the and of the from the to the internal These when the displays white background. The allows light to through the brighter and The of the and the function. The text the or to the and www.eMachines.com the the Search then the arrow.
the or off and them off least then the the from of interference, such as televisions, microwaves, lights, and beams or shelves. information about types, and The that the correctly. and and switch boxes. know to that the The If the the or becomes to precisely, cleaning the its If the the with clean, cloth. that the and free of If trackball Cleaning the www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting You to Every network or information about troubleshooting, then and and that C APS LOCK turned off, then the that connected correctly to If protector, that the securely to turned and correctly. To the such as the outlet and that the free from or The that the online/offline that to that the AC The the the and that connected to the that the online/offline that to the Press the to the www.eMachines.com the troubleshooting the Search then the arrow.
the or If the to to the that selected the To Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the and The and Right-click the of the to the then as the the that with instructions the You that the to offline. To that the to offline: Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the and The and Right-click the of the to If the shows to to clear the information about troubleshooting, then and and the troubleshooter the Search then the arrow. www.eMachines.com Troubleshooting
Chapter Troubleshooting to the If or to memory to the the instructions memory. You of that the online/offline that to Sound You sound from the that the turned that the information, the that off. information, the If the to information about sound troubleshooting, then and and www.eMachines.com the sound troubleshooter the Search then the arrow.
Telephone Customer If technical with follow these contacting Customer that connected correctly to grounded AC outlet that supplying If protector, that turned If peripheral such as or appear to that securely. If recently or software, that to the instructions with If purchase the or software from the and technical If to about Printed The Microsoft The software publishers the troubleshooting section of this chapter. To injury, to troubleshoot Warning ID, and with of including the of and the that the of The technician follow troubleshooting or The Instead, and technician. www.eMachines.com Telephone
Chapter Troubleshooting Telephone You to to Service to reach to Customer Customer about technical Customer calling) If how-to about or software, the following The or that with or software. information and eMachines-supplied found Library. This The software publisher's how-to information about then and and www.eMachines.com the the Search then the arrow. Customer telephone country or the the front of information,
Safety, Regulatory, and Information information Notices
A: information and tested to the of information to of this that the instructions the and the follow these instructions to Warning and to Read and follow instructions the and the and operating instructions this or heat such as the The should operated only from the type of indicated the rating If switch, that the switch the The switch the factory to the the or cover these least inches around the when of the products with three-wire to that the properly grounded when The this grounding-type This If to the to the If with this that the rating the products the the If with TV or that the or electrically grounded to protection and of charges. the or allow to the The to to eating and products CMOS the board. There of the CMOS incorrectly. the with the or type recommended the of to the instructions. the turned off, amount of flows through the To shock, and from the cleaning the the from the outlet and servicing to The or the The properly when the operating instructions followed. The or the The performance and and recommended www.eMachines.com
products classified as Warning locations. include of and or To reduce the of fire, AWG or Warning telecommunications cord. United States of America (FCC) FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the to outlet from that to which the connected the or The associated with this shielded when connected. These to to with FCC California Warning This chemicals, including to the State Warning of California to or www.eMachines.com
A: Telecommunications of the of Regulations (CFR to products with USA with of the of (CFR On the or that the FCC and (REN) this If requested, this information to the telephone with with this The to connected to the or which instructions The (REN) to the of which connected to the telephone the to areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone If this to the telephone the telephone that temporary of service required. The telephone that the the The telephone its operations, or procedures that the operation of this If this the telephone to necessary to service. This telephone company-provided service. to service to the or service information. or to numbers: the and to the the reason the such the off-peak hours such as early morning or The United States Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and of the business, other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or to software to comply with the fax-branding Industry (IC) Unintentional ICES-003 This the Class from as the interference of Industry Telecommunications Industry CS-03 products with The Industry This that the telecommunications protective, operation, and The the to the users satisfaction. this users should that to connected to the of the telecommunications The of the associated with service of assembly. The should that with the of service www.eMachines.com
Repairs to should authorized facility the repairs or the to this or the telecommunications to the user to the should their protection, that the ground of the and internal connected together. This areas. To shock or malfunction to Warning ground yourself. the inspection authority or as The (REN) assigned to each of the of terminals allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the with CD and DVD comply with the including IEC The these classified as Class Products US of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance Should the servicing, authorized service location. of or or performance of other Warning than those specified this To to beams, try to the of CD or DVD protection with TV grounding If or to connected to that the or electrically grounded to protection and charges. of the National ANSI/NFPSA information with to grounding of the and grounding of the lead-in to of grounding conductors, location of to grounding and the grounding Lightning protection protection of or when or of the from the outlet and the or www.eMachines.com
A: the overhead light or or where such or or Warning should to from touching such or with them Reference Grounding service service grounding (NEC H) Ground Grounding conductors (NEC Section (NEC Section lead-in www.eMachines.com and grounding
Notices Copyright Gateway, Inc. Rights Gateway CA USA Rights This publication protected copyright and rights of or or without writing from The information this and to These incorporated publication editions. Gateway and/or products this publication to Gateway information which appear this the the Gateway www.gateway.com Gateway indirect, exemplary, or from or this of the of such the of Gateway the right to this and the products without or Inc. rights and fi or of Inc, the United States and/or other other and of their respective owners. Acknowledgments Gateway and the Black-and-White or of Gateway, Inc. the U.S. and other SpotShop, Spotshop.com, and Your:)Ware of Inc. and and MMX of Corporation. Microsoft, MS, MS-DOS, and or of Microsoft Corporation. other only, and the or of their respective If DVD and TV the following This incorporates copyright protection that protected of U.S. and other property rights Corporation and other rights owners. of this copyright protection authorized Corporation, and and other otherwise authorized Corporation. or prohibited. www.eMachines.com
A: www.eMachines.com
AC activity arrow headphone microphone CD CD playback buttons broadband buttons and buttons C memory memory memory troubleshooting troubleshooting memory of memory www.eMachines.com closing CD cleaning recording troubleshooting CD locating troubleshooting memory of Authenticity cleaning CD DVD LCD clicking closing front PS/2 PS/2 to Ethernet to Ethernet to to
Ethernet headphone IEEE memory microphone PS/2 PS/2 telephone USB USB IEEE DIMM memory troubleshooting locating www.eMachines.com troubleshooting using troubleshooting and double-clicking CD DVD CD DVD troubleshooting DSL connecting DVD cleaning recording troubleshooting DVD locating troubleshooting using DVD/CD DVD buttons (ESD)
Ethernet troubleshooting troubleshooting and topics front function troubleshooting headphone and searching Hibernate IEEE www.eMachines.com front memory broadband buttons troubleshooting buttons cleaning features PS/2 troubleshooting USB and buttons arrow function Microsoft of Authenticity
LCD cleaning troubleshooting lights cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning protecting from memory troubleshooting memory locating memory microphone Microsoft of Authenticity DSL protecting from troubleshooting cleaning troubleshooting buttons cleaning clicking www.eMachines.com double-clicking and PS/2 right-clicking wheel selecting troubleshooting USB MP3 memory DVD DVD sound troubleshooting front shortcut
PDA memory peripheral CD DVD and IEEE USB Hibernate troubleshooting turning off turning troubleshooting USB closing PS/2 RAM memory creating CDs and locating www.eMachines.com troubleshooting recording CDs restarting right-clicking troubleshooting reducing electricity screen cleaning troubleshooting information selecting wheel searching and shortcut shortcuts sound
electricity technical Technical telephone telephone troubleshooting CD cleaning CD cleaning DVD DVD DVD/CD LCD memory memory www.eMachines.com technical telephone turning off turning fee-based supply (UPS) Norton UPS USB protecting with switch troubleshooting Product
MAN EM NG3 DT USR GDE R0