helpful hints Protecting Restoring
Thank purchase! to together to with
with CDs and and security....................................................................14 performance Restoring
and the the first thing the The includes and Other items to the to them of to Click and to off information about and the This the
things The the of Whether to or the where Click to the and Click to Click to to or information about and Support. Click to and and Click to Click to
and with the From there, everything then Computer. To something right To there, the that already To that then information about basics and Support. Already created this ready to whats
to the The offers wealth of options information about as as to from To the then and Click and option. information about Learn about the and from previous to
If with something offers options to specifications, and information about www.emachines.com/support. and This of and troubleshooting information, with easily then and Click search, or to what and and easy to information hours
information the Reference or To the then and to people who know computers. You the the that with and conflicts and know something. To then Click then to learn about easy-to-understand information of topics
the World with to Subscriber (DSL), or TV and with Service (ISP). then or the ISP connected with. To to the such as www.emachines.com, and The where type the or URL (Universal This This If arrow when something, Click and where To learn about the the surfing the
to with family and easy with and free with account. then To to ISP, required, then and type the of the that to to the To the type the then arrive seconds. This the This the of of the of the to to Include others their or the To information about the user of
and to CDs or with software already then To to CD or DVD, the the CD or DVD then the You the CD or DVD from You DVD to DVD information about Click these buttons to or playback. You the or selections from the CD or DVD
burn, CD with MP3s yourself, or DVD of or If with DVD with easy-to-use software MP3 To MP3, then CD the then Rip that the to MP3s of checked, then MP3s and them to the DVD To such as or to DVD, Player and writable DVD the DVD Click then the items to right-clicking the item and selecting to selections information about using user DVD to DVD
with and software that and these to the security of information Security to security features such as Security Firewall, and built the of affecting and something information security, Protecting Computer user
the built-in security features to family, and computers. To or security Security, then Security and other software information security, Protecting Computer Select and the type and of protection
If to the security built Microsoft high-priority to the You should to then and To high-priority You with security
with Norton from and threats. To Norton then with firewall, and phishing protection turned to protection. You to to Norton the information security, Protecting Computer
include and conflicts. It gathers information about the security and from the flashing the To the that and Click information about to Click to directly to the information Protecting Computer with Click then to learn about and information about
performance top with Click and then Performance Information and and follow the instructions. this and smoother Click to to previous when Click to about the of Click to power-saving information recovery, Recovering user Click to such as or to Advanced then
restoring the that software the and back to when everything right. of You to of these to To of the and then features and
to recover first to of the software that with these recovery that ready. then Recovery To To recovery factory-loaded software and factory or, to recovery only the factory-loaded and software, and Follow the on-screen instructions to finish.
If Click then Recovery Recovery Click the then to factory The Confirm Restoration Follow the on-screen instructions to finish. the operating
If then the ALT+F10 Follow the on-screen instructions to finish. IMPORTANT If and cant the software from the or recovery Customer appear with the and when shipped from the factory. You to and to software to
8513036R