helpful hints Protecting Restoring
Thank purchase! to together to with Thank
with and security....................................................................14 performance CDs and Restoring
and the the fi thing the The includes and Other items to the to them of This the to and to off Click information about and the
The the command of Whether to fi fi or the where things Click to fi and and Click to the and Click to to Click Click to to fi fi or Click to information about and Support.
fi and with the From there, everything Computer. then To something right the that already To that then To there, ready Already created this to whats information about basics and Support.
and then Click as as to from To the The off wealth of options information about and option. to the Learn about the information about from to fi and
If with something off and troubleshooting information, with cations, and and This of easily information about options to www.emachines.com/support. hours and then Click search, or to fi what and easy information to and
people who computers. You fi the then Click the Reference or and and to icts and know fi something. To then information Pre-installed To the the that with then to learn about easy-to-understand information of topics
the then or the ISP connected with. Subscriber (DSL), or TV and with the World with to such as www.emachines.com, and To to the Service (ISP). The where type the or URL (Universal This If arrow when something, This Click and where To learn about the the user
with family and easy with and free with then of the that to to the To the type the then arrive required, then and type the To to ISP, seconds. account. to This the of This the user of the of the to to of Include others their or the To information about the
and the the CD or DVD then the to CDs or with software already You the CD or DVD from then To to CD or DVD, from the CD or DVD selections or You DVD to DVD playback. You the Click these buttons to or information about
or If with DVD with easy-to-use CD with MP3s yourself, or DVD of software already selecting to selections MP3s and MP3s of checked, then then Player Click then the items Rip that the to To such as or to DVD, to right-clicking the item and and CD the then writable DVD the DVD MP3 fi them to the To MP3, DVD burn, DVD to DVD information about
with and software features that and something Security to security features such as Security and these to the security of Firewall, and built the of ecting information information security, Protecting Computer
built-in security features to family, and computers. To or security Security, Security then the and other software type and of protection the Select and information security, Protecting Computer user
security If fi to the security built Microsoft high-priority to fi the You should to then and high-priority To You with
Norton from and threats. To Norton then Norton Norton Norton with with fi and phishing protection nitions to protection. You to to the information security, Protecting Computer user
with the Whenever ashing the include and icts. It gathers information about the security and from To fi the that and about to learn Click then Click information about to about information and Click to directly to the information Protecting Computer user
and then Performance Information and Select and follow the instructions. this and smoother top with Click performance Click to to when Click to about the of Click to power-saving Click to such as or to Advanced then information recovery, Recovering
right. snapshots of You and then to of these to To of the the that software the and back to when everything and features restoring
Recovery fi to of the software that Application and Recovery instructions. prompted, choose and that the type of ISO of and or with these recovery that Recovery Application and then and follow the CD-R or DVD-R or DVD+R CD-RW, selection, then with the on-screen instructions. DVD-RW, and DVD+RW To the to recover
the operating Turn or then the F8 repeatedly while Recovery with (recommended) This the of the to the and of This On the Recovery Recovery option). The of factory-installed gured. You least GB of to this the Advanced appears, factory recovery and the software as when purchased This fi they option existing fi and the of This to its factory Click of the following recovery options when prompted: country and then Next to then Next Follow the on-screen instructions. then Next Recovery option
recovery and fi Next Click then Recovery its and installation. when shipped from the factory. You to If and cant the software from the appear with the fi and and to software to Customer IMPORTANT
MAN EM DT/PTB STARTER GDE R3