PM Reference
PM
PM About this Accessing the information Microsoft of Authenticity information Chapter About This Reference
PM About this This includes information and instructions that to of this than options and locations other information, information information about the www.emachines.com or the shown The to and specifications. Accessing the to this included in-depth, easy-to-read that includes information the following topics: and technical and and other software and the Protecting and recording To then Click Chapter About This Reference
PM information Customer information. The the top of information that and Customer this information Microsoft of Authenticity The Microsoft of Authenticity found the back or of includes the operating If from the DVD, to these to www.emachines.com
PM Chapter About This Reference
PM Checking
PM DVD/CD DVD/CD (optional) Memory (optional) Chapter Checking USB Microphone Headphone
PM this to to CDs, and and type). This CD, CD, DVD, DVD, or HD DVD information about types Memory memory from MP3 PDA, telephone, or other the memory information, memory USB USB (such as USB or these Microphone microphone this This Headphone front amplifier, or headphones this This www.emachines.com Press this to turn the or off. You the to or Hibernate The lights when the turned
PM options and locations from this switch PS/2 PS/2 (VGA) USB Microphone Headphone/speaker Telephone (optional) the this switch The switch the factory. that this to the information, Checking the selection PS/2 PS/2 this (such as this (VGA) VGA this USB USB (Universal (such as USB or these Chapter Checking thumbscrew Ethernet cover thumbscrew (optional)
PM Microphone Headphone/ headphones or this Telephone (optional) thumbscrew this screw the PS/2 PS/2 this (such as this Ethernet input input (such as this sound (optional) www.emachines.com microphone this the from this Ethernet or (such as DSL or broadband this information, Learning about the the and Connecting to broadband or this information, Connecting
PM Chapter Checking
PM and comfortably Connecting to broadband or Connecting Starting Turning off Restarting the the the memory the Configuring the or other Chapter and Started
PM and comfortably follow these and and and strain: and to the the to of sight, and the top of the higher than the or clear of and to the Chapter and Started Top of higher than the Screen to of sight
PM Reducing or bright lighting should the or directly the and and light directly or and indirect lighting the height and as the focusing of Every or around the and to and and that the the height and the the height of the and to the when the and If the or too to arms height the that evenly, and the or slightly below the of This shoulders while type. the height, the of the seat, or footrest to the and the back of thighs. the back of the the of You or cushion to back www.emachines.com
PM arching, or wrists. that they when type. or back. with back straight hips, and right when to and stretch torso or and from to repetition. to stretch and to the and of Protecting from Warning High through both the and the Protect using If telephone that If that both the and the the of electricity increase to and or Protect and peripheral connecting them to which and them from reaching supply (UPS) to Although of with UPS, UPS enough to and normally. Chapter and Started
PM Checking the selection If the selection switch incorrectly, this switch correctly location turning the United States, the The supply should to this when operating the United States. other of the such as the If operating such as this, the switch should to The supply built to the board, cards, and peripheral The supplys selection location typically the factory, to match the service (such as while another country). the selection switch the back of to the to 115V or 230V. To the selection switch: Disconnect such as to the selection switch to the The switch located the back of the Connecting to broadband or with built-in Ethernet information about wired or wireless Ethernet You to or DSL or to wired Ethernet To to broadband or to Ethernet of the network the the back of the other of the DSL or www.emachines.com
PM Connecting Warning To reduce the of fire, AWG or telecommunications cord. 56K that with telephone to to the or To the of the the the the back of the other of the telephone (The with or PBX telephone If telephone to the PHONE the the back of Starting To the and to to the Press the the front of If the built-in, addition, which heat and its cooling Both the and to cooling. You increase the when the high and the when switches to If the first follow the on-screen instructions to the and and to first user account. and USB or peripheral such as and If to to the or off first. the that with each its instructions. Chapter and Started
PM To From that and search information and information about the the chapter power-saving While the the flashes. If the the or the to Turning off Warning turn off the supply and board to from the and from the outlets. the and when If reason the option to off and the about seconds, then release the to Although completely off, off or operations to It the the as them. from than turned completely off. www.emachines.com
PM To to then Click The and partially to To the the or the To off the arrow to the then Click The off. To completely (such as servicing internal the cord. Chapter and Started
PM Restarting If to or input, to To the arrow to the then Click off, then If turn off, and the the off (about seconds), then to the back www.emachines.com
PM the The of and buttons. that which active. Function Navigation Application Function Press these to Each function the to about the function Press these buttons to and the buttons These UM OCK C APS OCK or CROLL OCK activated. Press the to Press of these to the These with other to (Find/Search), and (Computer). Application Press this to shortcut and Navigation Press these to the to the of to the of the the to the of or to the of Press these to type when the (N UM OCK turned and Started buttons
PM the The that the the This shows the the the (arrow) the the www.emachines.com Right wheel
PM You the and right the to the You the the to through This this... the the Select the or or Access shortcut or information about the the information about to the right-hand or and other the chapter instructions to clean the Cleaning the Chapter and Started the around. If reach the of and to the farther, the and the of the then the the the and release the This clicking the the and release the This double-clicking the the and release the right once. This right-clicking the the Press the and the to the of the Release the to the where This clicking and
PM the following basic Loading To Press the the the the with the facing Press the to the of the following types. Press the then the front of the or of the following If this www.emachines.com Activity the that the facing If the the the of the to facing type CD CDs, and CD-RW CDs, and creating CDs.
PM If this RECORDER and Started type DVD/CD-RW CDs, creating CDs, and DVD CDs, and DVD+RW CDs, and recording and to CDs and DVD+R or DVD+RW DVD R/RW CDs, and recording and to CDs and DVD+R, DVD+RW, DVD-R, and DVD-RW DVD+RW CDs, and recording and to CDs and DVD+R To the of the DVD the purchase or DL. other of capacity. DVD-RAM/-RW CDs, and recording and to CDs and DVD-RAM, DVD-R, or DVD-RW CDs, and recording and to CDs, DVD-RAM, DVD-R, DVD-RW, and
PM CD CDs protection software. You to these CDs CD of and played CD or CD or to: CDs MP3 from CDs track information to information about CDs, DVD (DVD) to CD greater capacity. of this increased capacity, of or of played DVD or DVD information about high-capacity that than DVD. GB of about hours of or about hours of high-definition played Blu-ray-compatible or information about www.emachines.com
PM Creating Recording to You the burning to from CD to or CDs, and information about creating CDs and Creating and You and from scratch or from CDs. You from information, Copying You to of information, the memory You the optional memory to from to You the memory to and that memory cards, such as PDA, MP3 or telephone. memory and Started Activity Memory
PM Memory The memory memory types. To which and the to each type of the of the assigned the E: and F: from memory type to another. memory memory that the empty, or the To memory the memory the memory To the memory then Double-click the the E: then the To memory the memory to then the memory of the the You or the You the of sound www.emachines.com the memory or off the while the memory You Also, the memory from the off the the the to the memory or to the to the memory
PM To the If using the the front of the -OR- the and buttons the information, the To the from the The Click Click and the to increase and to To the To Chapter and Started
PM To The where and Click the top-right of the to the If the back of they This that they than the the or To the something other than the to the To the to the www.emachines.com the Sounds to sounds of (such as the and sounds). information about the then and the Search then NTER Shortcut and Sound Advanced
PM then The Click Click and Sound Sound the Playback then -OR- If the Sound the Sound Effect the The Follow the on-screen instructions to the or other or other peripheral the and instructions. or of the following IEEE known as Universal (USB), and You these to such as and to information about locations, Checking Computer IEEE and USB plug-and-play and which that usually such whenever the IEEE or USB the first to software the this, and the information about peripheral then and the Search then NTER and the information and instructions. Chapter and Started
PM Preventing electricity the Closing the the memory the or the or the heat and or the board Chapter
PM Preventing electricity Warning To to and off and the and and the To of shock, the of the supply. The to electricity, known as (ESD). the follow these Wear grounding wrist stores) and to of Turn off Touch the back of the the and the and ESD permanently ESD following ESD the with follow these static-causing such as plastic, and from their when ready to them. the of the of the protection. their or their mounting touching the and the or the easy to Chapter
PM Removing the Warning To to and off then the and the To the Follow the instructions Preventing electricity then the and and Press the seconds to from the thumbscrews the back of the (These screws the the back of then the from the front To the front the following the instructions the www.emachines.com
PM Press the three then the of the from the and Chapter
PM the the front To the front the the right of the the the right of the the of the to the release the of the the the of the Press the of the the release www.emachines.com
PM the To the that of the internal the they pinched when the the the front of the the back of the with the back of the Tighten the thumbscrews the back of the then the and cord. the To the the front If the to the front first. (This shows the To the front follow the instructions the front the release the front then the to the Chapter
PM Press the and right of the to release the from the front You should the the hear or click, which the sound of the internal locking the of the from the and The should easily www.emachines.com Press
PM the of the the the front Press the and right of the to the internal locking You should the the hear or click, which the sound of the internal locking locking the partially While the of the the front the release back to the right. The memory the memory, that the type of memory DIMM memory. To or DIMM memory: the following the instructions the its To scratching the or other the memory board. Chapter
PM If DIMM from the memory the from the of the memory and the notches the DIMM with the notches the memory and the the The the of the memory should the memory automatically. the hear click. the following the instructions the to its upright the and the cord. Turn and the appears. Click right-click then The amount of memory displayed. www.emachines.com OR If DIMM to memory the from the of the memory
PM or You screwdriver to or To the following the instructions Removing the the front following the instructions Removing the front The and of front cover from If the screws the then to the location of the screws, the photo If existing the from the their locations and You the the the and the the to the Chapter
PM the screws. the and of the the the the screw the with the screw the then the screws. the from or to the instructions. the front following the instructions the front the following the instructions the www.emachines.com screws
PM the The the front of features, including headphone and microphone USB and memory The included from that shown. You screwdriver to the The appearance and of the from that shown. To the the following the instructions Removing the the front following the instructions the front the Chapter
PM While the the and from the On the of the the screw that the to the of where the connected to the board, then the from the board. www.emachines.com Screw USB If the the then to the
PM the from the the of the the from the of the through the the front of the then the the with the screw previously, then the the the board, then them the the of the the front following the instructions the front the following the instructions the Chapter
PM or The and type of from that shown. To or the following the instructions the Disconnect and their locations and (You the the www.emachines.com You screwdriver to or
PM the thumbscrew that the to the (This screw the from the If the screws that the to the then the of the If the and the the to the OR If the as instructed the the the then to the the four screws previously or screws with Chapter Computer thumbscrew screws (top) screws screws (top) screws
PM the the right of the with the the of the then the the Tighten the thumbscrew, then the back the board. the If from the following the instructions the and the cord. Turn If using the as the operating DVD that with information restoring Recovering the heat and To the heat and the following the instructions Removing the its To scratching the towel or other www.emachines.com of You screwdriver to the heat
PM the heat from the board. the four screws that the heat and assembly to the board, then the assembly and with the of the heat (the with the thermal grease) (The four screws completely Chapter Screws shown)
PM the release completely then the the from the board. the the board. that the (indicated the silk-screened arrow the of the with the (indicated the of the then the and to their If this heat the the heat that covers the thermal grease. If re-using heat to the thermal then of thermal grease (about the of to the that the the heat and assembly the then the screws that to the board. the heat to the board. the following the instructions the www.emachines.com
PM or To or the following the instructions the If that attached to the their locations and (You to the the the If the You slightly the to the the the the of the Touching the to the Chapter
PM the the You slightly the to the the sideways. If the from If its to its Press the back the following the instructions the the Warning of incorrectly replaced. with the or type recommended the of following the instructions. If the clock or the the BIOS when off the battery. of the and as the that To the battery: the and the F1 The of the BIOS the and then from the the following the instructions the its To scratching the or other www.emachines.com BIOS when the battery. to their factory
PM the the and its You to the the location from the below. the release The of the that the of the facing the that the battery type and then the the the following the instructions the and the cord. Turn While and the F1 The of the BIOS the BIOS that wrote and the BIOS the board To the board: the following the instructions the following the or Chapter Battery release
PM memory following the memory the and from the board, their locations and (You the the board.) the four screws that the supply to then of the board screws. the board and of the the board the screw the then the with the screws. If board include the from the board following the the heat and then and the heat the board following the the the supply back the then the four screws to the supply to the www.emachines.com You each with to to them Screws Screws
PM and from memory previously. previously. the following the instructions the Chapter Computer
PM Cleaning from Chapter
PM the following to Monthly Clean Scan Clean and peripheral Chapter Computer
PM To the of to or and top of The although to that the from off when the the or corrupted. subjecting to The become and easy to and or high to covered warranty. that from repairs that covered warranty. or and the internal and to to the the If these overheat, shutdown or to the of AC www.emachines.com
PM Cleaning and the free from its You to gather these items and together cleaning cloth of that cleaning Cleaning the Warning the off, flows through To from shock, the cord, and from the outlets. turn off and other peripheral cleaning lint-free cloth to clean and other of household or cleaners they the cooled through the the the of With turned off and the from the with cloth. to the Chapter
PM Cleaning the You should the to and the To the of with to and trapped the If the off and the the then the trying to If the to Cleaning the of specially coated and scratched or or ammonia-based cleaners. To the To LCD cloth and to the the cloth apply directly to the then the with the cloth. To CRT cloth and to the the cloth directly the then the with the cloth. Cleaning the If the the or becomes to precisely, cleaning the its To the the of the with lint-free cloth. www.emachines.com
PM Cleaning (CDs, and from To from the to the around the to choose computers operating software, and New to the regularly, the and to and smoothly. and with tailored selection of that apply to the software and information through the Security information, Protecting Computer information about then and the Search then NTER Chapter
PM and conflicts. It gathers information about the security and from the flashing the To the that to To Click then To learn about then to and back www.emachines.com
PM Checking To then The Click Right-click the that to then information appears. Chapter Shortcut right-click
PM such as temporary and the to free To Click then The Click of the options: only cleans the the currently Click to the of to then OK The of indicated Checking the The the physical and and This corrects and and the them. If hours to once If frequently, once month www.emachines.com Shortcut right-click from this cleans The information about the of then and the Search then NTER
PM To the then The Click Right-click the that to then the Click then This while the used. If try to to the (the If this finished the summary of the that found. Correct that found following the on-screen instructions. Click OK information about checking the then and the Search then NTER the with the information and them the This and to search the of the and them back together. This the performance. Chapter
Wednesday, PM the the each as rather than as of the the information the performance. While or them continuously and the process. Also, connected to off Network the and to hours to the of the the when the hours. To the Disconnect from the Accessories Click then The Click This hours to the of the and them from the frees the It protects from information the or www.emachines.com information about the then and the Search then NTER
PM You should back to writable such as to To back then The Click Right-click the that to back then the Click then Follow the instructions to location and the and to back information about then and the Search then NTER such as and scheduled If off, scheduled Chapter
PM To the Click then The Click or then follow the on-screen instructions to and the from and You software and account (such as and from to XP or While to other the computers. If XP or manually writeable or www.emachines.com information about then and the Search then NTER
PM To and from If to to those the the softwares the software to the Click then The Click Next then follow the on-screen instructions to the information about then and the Search then NTER and manually You manually copying them to such as writable location, or the or To the then The and displays of to OR XP, then The and displays of to OR or the the to the Double-click the C:\ Double-click the or The and displays of
PM Copy to or to another other or Search to other information, You often the (the of the following the might .DOC and spreadsheet might .XLS type usually .DOC, .TXT, .RTF, .HTM, .HTML, .DOT Spreadsheets .XLS, .XLT, .TXT .JPG, .BMP, .GIF, .PDF, .PCT, .TIF, .PNG, .EPS .MPEG, .MPG, .AVI, .GIF, .MOV Sound and .WAV, .CDA, .MP3, .MID, .MIDI, .WMA To using or Search: then Search The Search the to search then NTER The search displayed. To learn about search www.emachines.com OR XP, then Search The Search OR or or Search then or The Search
PM Chapter
PM and Memory Memory Checking Recovering Technical Chapter Troubleshooting
PM While troubleshooting follow these Warning To injury, to troubleshoot cords or The Instead, and technician. Warning while and while the and connected. Warning that correctly grounded internal information about from electricity, Preventing electricity these first If with these things first: Warning To injury, to troubleshoot cords or The Instead, and technician. including If appears the write the The Customer and fixing the If or peripheral the and that followed each instruction. If the or the information about troubleshooting, then and troubleshooting the Search then NTER Troubleshooting
PM Action You reading C You found found to host Download You Download when to the Memory You Memory Not enough You Not enough memory memory www.emachines.com You The accessed, or reading C You to host and to the
PM and If to this section, the related. information. You to the If using or DSL that the securely the Ethernet troubleshooting or DSL) OR If that the the and the Ethernet troubleshooting that account with service (ISP) correctly. ISP technical ISP ISP technical to whether the widespread they trying to information about troubleshooting then and troubleshooting the Search then NTER You to host and to the You typed the URL incorrectly. the URL, then or URL. browser, then If that allow to The with the and (such as switches, routers, and ISP ISP technical to whether the widespread they trying to Chapter Troubleshooting
PM People them Click the or and This incoming that account with service (ISP) correctly. ISP technical as the of the to. consists of the and the of the service (ISP) or that hosts that and If the another then them to their or DSL) to the that connected to the the that with troubleshooting information. technical www.emachines.com
PM and or that the the and the Ethernet that connected to the telephone and the telephone or protectors from telephone then telephone the telephone that the service to the to temporarily the service. that the correctly. To the type then NTER Click If the Location Information the information then OK Click the the location from which then that correct. information about then and the Search then NTER (scratchy, crackling, or sounds), which that the to downloads, or You service and the telephone or another telephone telephone house or telephone location). If this telephone service. Chapter Troubleshooting
PM You to the The ISP technical ISP technical the troubleshooting information and 56K 56K FCC regulations rates telephone to 53K. Other factors, such as telephone service or ISP the further. The the that with and with the To type then NTER Click The when it and To the type then NTER Click www.emachines.com Click the then Click the then If information about the appears, the If information white appears with or such as already or the to the information about troubleshooting, then and troubleshooting the Search then NTER Click the then
PM Click the then the Click OK to the boxes. You the other If connected to that the other router, switch, or other that the other turned If router, that turned routers lights that they information, routers If router, from seconds. that the and If assigned IP to the computers, that IP IP should where and The first should the and the should wired than If than the of each should Ethernet Ethernet or Ethernet of those the of the troubleshooting the information about troubleshooting, then and troubleshooting the Search then NTER Chapter Troubleshooting
PM that the connected to AC and to and that turned If connected to it turned the outlet such as that the free from or and The the instructions, The there that the (power-saving) that the connected to and to then that the If the its LED should the brightness and information, the the or that know (such as from another to If the the If the the www.emachines.com
PM The that the least about uniformity. The text the or to the and the instructions, information about types, and information about the screen then and the Search then NTER The that the AC The that the to the If the to to the that selected the To type then NTER Click and Right-click the to the then as Chapter Troubleshooting
PM the instructions. to the If or to memory to the the instructions memory. technical information about troubleshooting, then and troubleshooter the Search then NTER include CDs, and The or the that the facing and that the clean and from scratches. information cleaning the Cleaning the instructions, Checking temporary memory sound that the turned (and turned off) and that attached turned and connected correctly. that the and that the and from scratches. information cleaning the Cleaning that the and that the and free from scratches. information cleaning the Cleaning www.emachines.com
PM The of the match only with The DVD the United States and and the The North and South America although region-free. the instructions, Checking temporary memory Memory the memory appear the The memory temporarily the the and the The that the correctly. know to that the The Clean the the with clean, cloth. that the and of You the reflective, or that correctly these or with such as The or that with Chapter Troubleshooting
PM The that the correctly. Clean the of with to and the that know to that the the Turn off and the off the the with of then the to the hours If the to You from the instructions, Empty the right-clicking the then clicking Empty to another If the to then them from the www.emachines.com information about then and the Search then NTER when the Recycle
PM If while holding the HIFT or the the the restored. To Double-click the Right-click the to then The to the where originally from. information about restoring then and the Search then NTER You This the of the To the instructions fixing Checking the The accessed, or reading C If subjected to electricity or physical shock, to the operating Recovering You found to the instructions the USB or USB connected to of USB the USB then operating or the operating because they become or Recovering You to to Recovering Chapter Troubleshooting
PM Checking the the and then corrects the that To the then The Click Right-click the that to then the Click then This Correct that found following the on-screen instructions. Click OK Memory information about troubleshooting memory then and memory the Search then NTER You Memory the Memory Click type Memory then NTER Click and and the memory www.emachines.com while the used. If to to the (the If this finished checking the it summary of the that found. information about the then and the Search then NTER
PM You Not enough memory then If to this memory to You sound from the that the turned and muted. information, the If that the turned and the troubleshooting that correctly. information, the If trying to information about sound troubleshooting, then and sound troubleshooter the Search then NTER that C APS OCK turned off, then the Troubleshooting
PM The that the software. information, the from then the This section covers relating to and information about then and the Search then NTER The TV factors significantly the type The displays. Other of including TVs, of The type the or the highest TV and A/V (basic) Quality of high-quality www.emachines.com VGA DVI HDMI
PM TVs the high that and or the TV to the to or information about the of the TV TVs usually advanced features, and higher of TV CRT TVs TVs burn-in LCD TVs the as You to to TV or DVD the brightness, and information, the You to that recorded with to DVD recorded the DVR-MS You burn DVR-MS to DVD with DVD recording software and with information, the You to recorded other DVR-MS recorded to DVD replayed another or that DVD and DVD software (such as The least XP with Service (SP) or or and the patch Q810243 You Download when to the You connected to the to the that connected to the information about manually the the Chapter Troubleshooting
PM Checking or of Checking the of and the of their the To type then Click NTER the of types. type with or indicating or Click the to the of the type to the of The with or To the to right-click the Software then Search updated software and follow the on-screen www.emachines.com OR To right-click the then and the information within each of the this information reference and troubleshooting. It information to Customer
PM Recovering You following the information Troubleshooting or the technical www.emachines.com or of the software recovering or restoring everything to recover To recovery should of recovery as as Recovery to reliability, the worth instructions, Creating recovery To recover recovery as as You these recovering from and software instructions, Creating recovery If or items of software or correctly, the the software or the To recover software and that the factory, Recovering software and instructions software and that that or technical to previous If software or then the to previous when everything correctly. instructions, Returning to previous to its factory If nothing the and to to factory Returning to its factory Troubleshooting
PM Creating recovery If that recoverable other to the operating and factory-loaded software and To the of recovery To recovery then Click Recovery Recovery To recovery the including and factory-loaded software and factory www.emachines.com OR To recovery the factory-loaded software and and that each type of recovery as as
PM The This the of to the recovery that the of the indicated the to then Next The first recording, and its the the finishes recording, the the from the and with each such as Recovery of or Apps/Drivers Recovery If required, when prompted, then OK recording the Troubleshooting
PM Recovering software and troubleshooting to the software and that from the factory. You recover or the created. New software If to recover software that to follow that softwares instructions. New If to recover that follow the instructions Checking To recover software and then Click Recovery Recovery Click the then The Application Recovery www.emachines.com OR If recovering from and recovery the then to the Application Recovery
PM Click of software and Click the the item to then follow the on-screen to the installation. this each item to Returning to Microsoft snapshots of and them as of hard-to-resolve software to of these to each and each software or information about Microsoft then and the Search then NTER To to Click and then and The and Chapter Troubleshooting
PM On the of the then Next The Choose Click the Next then appears. Click the specified. This and Returning to its factory that recoverable other to everything to to its factory You using or the recovery created. This recovery everything then and software and that If back them If Recovering from within If and Recovering from the If and completely or Recovering from recovery www.emachines.com
PM Recovering from within To and software and then Click Recovery Recovery Click the then to factory The Confirm Restoration Click then displays information about the that the operating recovered Click OK The recovery restarting then copying to This while, Recovery shows its the recovery finished, to Click OK Follow the on-screen first-time Troubleshooting the
PM Recovering from the To and software and Turn then LT +F10 Recovery Click from factory Click Next to factory-loaded recovered. This Recovering from recovery To and software and Turn the first recovery then F10 to the The where which to from, such as the or arrow to CDROM/DVD then NTER from the recovery the recovery when prompted, then follow the on-screen to the recovery. www.emachines.com the the
PM Technical Customer If technical with follow these Customer that connected correctly to AC outlet that supplying If or that turned If peripheral such as or appear to that securely. If recently or software, that to the instructions with If purchase the or software from the and technical If to about using Its Its Its publishers the troubleshooting section of this chapter. ID, and with of including the of and the that the of The follow troubleshooting Calling Customer the The top of information that and Customer this information Troubleshooting
PM information information Notices Notices
PM information Warning follow these instructions to and to and tested to the of information However, to of this that the instructions the and the followed. and follow instructions the and the and operating instructions this or heat such as the The should operated from the type of indicated the rating If switch, that the switch the The switch the factory to the the or cover these least inches around the when of the products with three-wire to that the properly grounded when The this grounding-type This If to the to the If with this that the rating the products the the If with TV or that the or electrically grounded to protection and of charges. Warning classified as locations. include of and or Warning To reduce the of fire, AWG or AWG or A: Notices
PM the or allow to the The to to eating and products CMOS the board. There of the CMOS incorrectly. the with the or type the of to the instructions. the off, amount of flows through the To shock, and from the outlets cleaning the the from the outlet and servicing to The or the The properly when the operating instructions followed. The or the The performance and and recommended United States of America Commission (FCC) Unintentional FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the to outlet from that to which the connected the or The associated with this shielded when connected. These to to with FCC www.emachines.com
PM FCC of conformity party: Inc. Irvine CA or Gateway the FCC and authority to the This with of the FCC of this to the following (1)this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. California Warning Warning This chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or Telecommunications of the of Regulations (CFR to products with USA with of the of Regulations (CFR On the or that the FCC and (REN) this If this information to the telephone telephone with with this The to connected to the telephone or which instructions The (REN) to the of which connected to the telephone telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone If this to the telephone the telephone that temporary of service required. The telephone that the the The telephone its operations, or that the operation of this If this the telephone to to service. This telephone company-provided service. to service to tariffs. the or service information. or to numbers: the and to the the reason the such the off-peak hours such as early morning or The United States Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other to telephone such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and of the business, other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or to software to comply with the fax-branding A: Notices
PM Industry (IC) Unintentional ICES-003 This the Class from as the interference of Industry Telecommunications Industry CS-03 products with The Industry This that the telecommunications protective, operation, and The the to the users this users should that to connected to the of the telecommunications The of the associated with service of assembly. The should that with the of service Repairs to should authorized facility the repairs or the to this or malfunctions, the telecommunications to the to the Warning To shock or malfunction to ground yourself. the inspection authority or as should their protection, that the ground of the telephone and internal connected together. This areas. The (REN) assigned to each of the of terminals allowed to connected to interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the Warning of or or performance of other than those specified this To to beams, to the of CD or DVD with CD and DVD comply with the including IEC The these classified as Class Products US of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance Should the servicing, authorized service location. www.emachines.com
PM protection with TV cards) grounding The instructions the who to the the servicing of and trained products with shock. If or to connected to PC, that the or electrically grounded to protection and charges. of the National ANSI/NFPSA information with to grounding of the and grounding of the lead-in to of grounding conductors, location of to grounding and the grounding should grounded (earthed) with ANSI/NFPA the National (NEC), Section Grounding of Conductive of Lightning protection protection of or when or of the from the and the or A: Notices
PM Warning or should to from touching such or with them the overhead light or or where such or Reference Grounding service service grounding (NEC H) Ground Grounding (NEC Section (NEC Section Ground lead-in www.emachines.com and
PM information The purchased extracted that the process. This known to to the or to health. To releases of the and to the of the following information recycle or of the of life and (commonly known as WEEE) should of the The Crossed-Out to this to of of life properly. such as plastics, and compounds highly recoverable, and You the following these or to back to or recycling. of life credit the purchase of to this If further recycling, or of life the Customer and to with Finally, that other actions and the features of this (where recycling the and (including this and of or recycling properly. With reduce the amount of to and the of the of of life and of that released the and of properly. Notices Copyright Gateway, Inc. Rights Irvine Irvine, CA USA Rights This publication protected copyright and rights of or transmitted or without writing from The information this and to These incorporated publication editions. Gateway and/or products this publication to Gateway information which appear this the the www.emachines.com Gateway indirect, exemplary, or from or this of the of such the of the right to this and the products without or A: Notices
PM acknowledgments Gateway, and the Black-and-White or of Gateway, Inc. the U.S. and other countries. and of Corporation. Microsoft, MS and or of Microsoft Corporation. other only, and the or of their respective If and TV the following This incorporates copyright protection that protected of U.S. and other property rights Corporation and other rights owners. of this copyright protection authorized Corporation, and and other otherwise authorized Corporation. or prohibited. www.emachines.com
PM A: Notices