EM001
Copyright Rights Purchase of purchase: and the of customer.
Information and instructions these instructions this reference. Follow and instructions the Turning the off cleaning this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or If the seriously and to operation of the and to from overheating. These or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat or built-in provided. of this through as they or short-out that fire or shock. of or the To of internal and to the This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or allow to the cord. this where people the cord. If with this that the rating of the the the Also, that the rating of products the outlet the or too The of the branch If used, the should of the input This AC with three-wire grounded The only fits grounded the outlet properly grounded the AC the non-grounded
the with the supply If to the that the the following type, UL listed/CSA certified, type SPT-2, rated VDE or its length. Product servicing to service this yourself, as or covers to or other servicing to service this from the outlet and servicing to service when: the or or the the to or the or the the performance, indicating service the normally following the operating instructions CAUTION: of incorrectly replaced. only with the or type recommended the of to the instructions. Telephone telephone from the when and/or servicing. To the of shock from the telephone to this or thunderstorms. Warning! The outlet that properly grounded shock and/or The grounding protection from other that with the performance of this those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often to the to
instructions throw this the when To and protection of the please information the from and (WEEE) Mercury or products containing LCD/CRT or this mercury and or of to or information, the Industries information, www.lamprecycle.org. ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR products money reducing and protecting the without or performance. to offer products with the ENERGY STAR What ENERGY STAR? Products that ENERGY STAR and efficiency the U.S. Protection Agency. to offer products and services that customers money, and the of The through higher efficiency, the reduce and the of change. More information to or
ENERGY STAR products: heat and reduce cooling loads, and warmer Automatically and and of inactivity respectively. the from or Computers than ENERGY STAR and the ENERGY STAR U.S. and information of and headaches prolonged of physical hours of front of stress, health and other factors greatly increase the of physical injury. Incorrect to tendonitis, or other The following appear the wrists, shoulders, or back: numbness, or burning or aching, or or throbbing or tightness or weakness If these or other recurring or and/or related to physician immediately and inform health and The following section the of the using or height to comfort. the following from too and/or and around to the to and shoulders or shoulders the and properly and within reach than the the of to The to with ENERGY STAR
of hours, wearing incorrect or lighting, poorly focused typefaces and low-contrast displays The following sections to reduce frequently. from the and focusing to from clean. head higher than the top of the when the of the the and/or to text readability and graphics clarity. and reflections by: such that the the or light light or light the glare-reduction such as of from the top front to bright light such as of the following to relaxing and and stretching Breathe fresh as often as and healthy Warning! the or If this regularly, and stretching
Chapter Checking
About this Product Chapter Checking This includes information and instructions that to of this than options and locations the first recommended that immediately This to such service from trained Membership the community: promotions and The from Hurry and as other to the of or to Please the and Next. The optional that to with service Another Option Another to to Choose country and follow the instructions. with that should
DVD/CD this to to CDs, and and type). This CD, CD, DVD, DVD, or HD DVD Memory memory from MP3 player, PDA, telephone, or other the memory button/power USB USB (Universal (such as USB or these Microphone Headphone front amplifier, or headphones this This Press this to the or off. You the to or Hibernate The lights when the turned microphone this This
(optional) switch The switch the factory. that this to the the this PS/2 PS/2 this (VGA) USB USB (such as USB or these Microphone Headphone/analo -OR- PS/2 PS/2 this Ethernet Ethernet or (such as DSL or broadband this Chapter Checking options and locations from this to Kensington-compatible security lock. VGA this microphone this This of the following: Headphone: headphones or amplified this front and right this
Center/subwoofer (optional) Surround L/R -OR- ESATA access. (optional) ESATA (optional) HDMI Supports high (optional) HDMI and this right and this This of the following: input (such as this sound and right this to such as terminals and
Chapter and Started
and comfortably and from follow these and and and strain: and to the the to of sight, and the top of the higher than the or clear of to repetition. to stretch and to the and of
Protecting from Chapter and Started Warning High through both the and the Protect If telephone that If that TV both the and the the of electricity increase to and or Protect and connecting them to which and them from reaching supply (UPS) to Although of with UPS, UPS enough to and normally.
Checking the selection If the selection switch incorrectly, this switch correctly location turning the United States, the The supply should to this when operating the United States. other of the such as the If operating such as this, the switch should to The supply, built to the board, cards, and peripheral The supplys selection location typically the factory, to match the service (such as while another country). the selection switch the back of to the to 115V or 230V. To the selection switch: Disconnect such as to the selection switch to the The switch located the back of the the location,
Connecting to broadband or Connecting and Started with built-in Ethernet information about wired or wireless Ethernet You to or DSL (broadband) or to wired Ethernet To to broadband or to Ethernet of the the the back of the location, the other of the DSL or Warning To reduce the of fire, only AWG or telecommunications cord. 56K that with telephone to to the or To the of the the the the back of the location,
the World the other of the telephone (The with or PBX telephone If to the PHONE the the back of The World to the that to of information Information the to which that You of the browsers, Microsoft or animations, and other features. of related You to track the and You or other clicking or or or animated You the If the to hand, the item To learn about using the features, the
Connecting to Chapter and Started account with service (ISP), the information the World To to to account. the to to account, to then Click showing or To to type the URL the www.emachines.com then GO the OR On the to information about to then and to the Search then NTER The the the to and displays the the that slowly. The that displays the complexity of the and other Additionally, the of
Downloading To that the Downloading the of from the to To or from to account. the type the of the that the or to then NTER OR Click to to the containing the that to or the where to the Click the the the that to Follow the on-screen instructions the the that of the to The that to the to and the that created. or the double-clicking If follow the instructions the to or the information about downloading then and downloading the Search then NTER
Ethernet Wired Ethernet Chapter and Started wired Ethernet consists of or connected together through Ethernet This type commonly offices around the and to the or Ethernet Ethernet or other or office. to and hire Ethernet three Ethernet Ethernet and Ethernet built or Ethernet typically built using or Ethernet To wired Ethernet or Ethernet or office. router The to wired Ethernet network (DHCP) using router. DHCP router to IP to each or information router, the routers router-based Ethernet The following of Ethernet The of router, or DSL computers, and each of these The router the the To the to wireless Ethernet to wired Ethernet to the router or router that built-in
Router Attached to the router of or Ethernet-ready to the router or DSL that to the router-based Ethernet should Ethernet Ethernet or or Ethernet or of rated the of the rated Ethernet or with Ethernet One router One broadband (optional) Ethernet connecting of the
Chapter and Started router, the includes everything including: security features, such as firewall, to from switch to the DHCP server/dynamic IP assignment to and IP Ethernet already wired Ethernet broadband If broadband already the with ISP. to the the activated. Broadband from ISP to ISP. should ISP instructions they about that broadband correctly. To the the using If the service Ethernet and the type of Ethernet to Ethernet and the that Ethernet already the that with Ethernet instructions the and Ethernet and the router or the or DSL this already
Connecting unshielded, twisted-pair (about 1/4-inch with thin containing wires), and with this type of This type of with RJ-45 telephone with each types; straight-through to to router, and to computers. To which type of both of the with the facing from and with the the straight-through the wires both attached to the to right). the wires each attached to the to right). router If than and to high-speed Broadband or DSL the of router. router the from The router assign IP to the the and firewall protection as
Chapter and Started to router, straight-through each to to the To network using router: of the the AC the router and the other grounded, 110V Turn computers. of straight-through the router the WAN The WAN to the router to the DSL or and or switch. the other of the the the each connected to the router, the should light the front of the router, indicating each the straight-through the WAN the router and the other the Ethernet the DSL or Router WAN
Establishing Ethernet Testing the and the You each the and the Workgroup that router (wired or (wireless If wired that connected the the TCP/IP to to each other. One of each to the (TCP/IP), which and as as TCP/IP as the DHCP to the TCP/IP with router or router, the to IP from DHCP This typically when router and TCP/IP them, router using instructions, routers that of and
to Chapter and Started of each of computers, to To to the of the following: to then the information about and to router or the router or includes USB or information, the instructions that with router or that built-in With and and With and DVD and the connected to the To the computers, each the shared installed. Follow the instructions included with to the each the and each shared, them as though they directly to Then and other or To or Click then
Right-click the or that to then The If the of that to everyone If the of that to everyone the Click the Sharing Click OR If Advanced to this or Click OK then Un-sharing and To or Click then Right-click the or that to then Click Advanced then this (or to the Click Apply then OK
the Chapter and Started the and each shared, shared and network and other shared and information about sound then and the Search then NTER To shared and then Network The Network Click If or displayed, the option the then Turn and Double-click the of the containing the or to and listed. Creating shortcut to shortcut created or another the of the or as the attached directly to the shortcut created to the To the from the shortcut To the or completing the and Right-click the or then Shortcut shortcut created the or and the the shortcut
Click to the the To the the the to Click then to the network that the to Double-click the containing the then the Copying the To the then The Click to the that the to to the to Right-click the then Copy Right-click the where to the to, then the the the the the the from. You the and instructions from the CD that shipped with or from the To the the to then Click the arrow to the then the Click
Troubleshooting
First Troubleshooting If with try these things first: that the connected to and AC outlet and that the AC outlet supplying If or that turned If (such as or that that If appears the write the The Customer and fixing the If or peripheral the and that each instruction. If the or the information about troubleshooting, then and troubleshooting the Search then NTER Troubleshooting topics alphabetical
CD or DVD DVD Ethernet Chapter Troubleshooting The and that the software. information, the that with Sound CD or DVD You the other that Ethernet the Ethernet that the other router. that and turned that the router outlet and turned routers lights that they information, the that with router. that the
that the If assigned IP to the computers, that IP IP should 192.168.N.N where and The first should the and the should The Ethernet and that the software. information, the that with Ethernet Reseat the information about Ethernet the that with Ethernet Ethernet than If Ethernet than the of each Ethernet Ethernet should Ethernet Ethernet or or Ethernet or of and Ethernet the
Chapter Troubleshooting The and that the software. information, the that with information about restoring then and the Search then NTER If while holding the HIFT the restored. To Double-click the Right-click the to then The to the where originally from. You from the information about then and the Search then NTER If the try to the restored.
Empty the right-clicking the then clicking Empty when the to another If the to then them from the You This the of the To the The accessed, or reading C Press C TRL +A LT +D EL to If subjected to electricity or physical shock, to the operating
Chapter Troubleshooting You or become You to the If using that the the and the Ethernet to that the correctly. OR If using or DSL that the the Ethernet and the to that the correctly. that account with service (ISP) correctly. ISP technical that with information, information about troubleshooting then and troubleshooting the Search then NTER
You to host and to the This when typed URL incorrectly, or ISP technical Double-check the URL or try URL. If the appears, from the ISP and then and the If the ISP technical Connecting to too factors performance: The of the or telephone service The of the to which and the of those The complexity of graphics and downloads, and People received Click the that account with service (ISP) correctly. ISP technical
Memory Chapter Troubleshooting The that the correctly. information, the that with and switch boxes. Clean the of with to and the that know to that the the character repeating or or that nothing resting the that Press each to that might then the If the off and the Clean the and to the If the to information about troubleshooting memory then and memory the Search then NTER You Memory third-party to memory
Memory or DSL) You Not enough memory then the memory appear the the that with troubleshooting information. or that the the and the Ethernet to that the correctly. that connected to the telephone and the telephone that the than or protectors from telephone then tone telephone the telephone If services such as or that cleared and the telephone service to the to temporarily the service. that the correctly.
Troubleshooting information about then and the Search then NTER or that the as the these to the telephone as the that or PBX These with (scratchy, crackling, or sounds). that the to abort downloads, or The the the and correctly. to the telephone. (such as the tone the to that that the from and screws the or telephone You telephone service and the telephone or
another telephone telephone house or telephone location). If this telephone service. connecting with the If reducing the telephone service. The telephone too You to the The ISP technical ISP technical the with The with the troubleshooting information 56K 56K FCC rates telephone to 53K. Other factors, such as telephone service or ISP the further. If the which to 33.6K. If the which to 48K. ISP 48K and when 56K and of
Troubleshooting The that the to the and the to that the correctly. If the the with another that the telephone the telephone, or another the that with telephone and with the and information about troubleshooting, then and troubleshooting the Search then NTER The when and to to another the that establishes and You hear sounds when the first If the sounds too the The the from the The there that the and turned If the turned the LED should the and to the
that the connected to the the back of the or the that know to The that the least about uniformity. The text the or to the and the information. information about types, and information about the then and the Search then NTER The that the correctly. and and switch boxes. know to that the
Networks Chapter Troubleshooting The If the the or becomes to precisely, cleaning the its accuracy. Clean the the with clean, cloth. that the clean and free of You to Every or information about information about troubleshooting, then and troubleshooting the Search then NTER The or the CD or DVD that the facing then try Occasionally or become scratched and the If trying to DVD, that DVD temporary memory and CDs protection software. You to these CDs Clean the then the BIOS and holding F1 while that the IDE
that the correctly following the instructions the the CD sound that the facing then CDs protection software. You to these CDs that the turned that the turned off. that the connected correctly and securely. and Clean the the DVD that DVD that the facing then Occasionally or become scratched and the DVD and Clean the the that the DVD
Chapter Troubleshooting and DVD that DVD title and reduce To to DVD, the and DVD match. The DVD computers The the United States and The DVD match the the The the the or If the DVD the and DVD match. that C APS LOCK turned off, then the that the connected to AC and to and that If that the connected securely to turned and correctly. To the such as the outlet and that the free from or
The that the online/offline that to that the AC The the the and that connected to the that the online/offline that to the Press the to the the or If the to to the that selected the the the that with instructions the You that the to offline. to the If or to memory to the the instructions memory. You of that the online/offline that to
Sound Chapter Troubleshooting information about troubleshooting, then and troubleshooter the Search then NTER You sound from the that the turned that the turned that turned off. If the to that the correctly. information about sound troubleshooting, then and sound troubleshooter the Search then NTER
Recovering You following the information Troubleshooting or the technical www.emachines.com or of the software recovering or restoring everything to recover To recovery should of recovery as as Recovery to long-term reliability, the worth instructions, Creating recovery To recover recovery as as You these recovering from and software instructions, Creating recovery If only or items of software or correctly, the the software or the To recover software and that the factory, Recovering software and instructions software and that that or technical to If software or then the to previous when everything correctly. instructions, Returning to its factory to its factory If nothing the and to to factory Returning to its factory
Creating recovery Troubleshooting If that recoverable other to the operating and factory-loaded software and To the of recovery To recovery then Click Recovery Recovery To recovery the including OS and factory-loaded software and factory OR To recovery the factory-loaded software and and that each type of recovery as as the indicated the to then Next The first recording, and its the the finishes recording, the the from the and with each such as Recovery of or Apps/Drivers Recovery If required, when prompted, then OK recording the
Recovering software and troubleshooting to the software and that from the factory. You recover using or the created. New software If to recover software that to follow that softwares instructions. To recover software and then Click Recovery Recovery OR If recovering from and recovery the then to the Application Recovery Click the then The Application Recovery Click of software and Click the the item to then follow the on-screen to the installation. this each item to
Returning to its factory Chapter Troubleshooting that recoverable other to everything to to its factory You or the recovery created. This recovery everything then and software and that If back them If OS, Recovering from within OS If OS and Recovering from the If OS and completely or Recovering from recovery Recovering from within OS To OS and software and Click then Recovery Recovery Click the then to factory The Confirm Restoration Click then displays information about the that the operating recovered to. the
Click OK The recovery restarting then copying to This while, Recovery shows its the recovery finished, to Click OK Follow the on-screen first-time Recovering from the To OS and software and Turn then LT +F10 Recovery Click from factory the Click Next to factory-loaded recovered. This Recovering from recovery To OS and software and Turn the first recovery then the F10 to the The where which to from, such as the or arrow to CDROM/DVD then NTER from the recovery
Telephone Customer Chapter Troubleshooting the recovery when prompted, then follow the to the recovery. If technical with follow these Customer that connected correctly to grounded AC outlet that supplying If protector, that turned If peripheral such as or appear to that securely. If recently or software, that to the instructions with If purchase the or software from the and technical If to about using Printed The Microsoft The software publishers
the troubleshooting section of this chapter. Warning To to troubleshoot cords or The Instead, and technician. ID, and with of including the text of and the that the of The follow troubleshooting If how-to about using eMachines-supplied or software, the following The or that with or software. information and found Library. The software publishers how-to information about then and Support. the Search then NTER
Regulations and
FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician Notice: to other computing using shielded to with FCC with FCC shielded to to other computing recommended DVI Notice: peripherals (input/output to comply with the Class to this with peripherals to interference to and TV reception. or the the authority, which the Commission, to this This with of the FCC Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation.
Notice: This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Declaration of Conformity EU countries that this PC with the and other of Directive 1999/5/EC. with Notice reasons, with telecommunications This includes previously or certified. A: Regulations and
Notice New The of item of only that that the item with to its It of the of warranty. that item correctly with another item of of or imply that with of Telecom's network services. This operating of operation the higher which responsibility should such with Telecom's the (PC) associated with this The associated to within the following with Telecom's Specifications: There than to the within initiation, and The of than seconds the of and the of the with Telecom's the (PC) associated with this to within the with Telecom's specifications, the associated to that to such that there than seconds the of and the of another. This to to Telecom's Emergency Service. This with while the Telecom DTMF tone There that to of when this connected to the as other to or and Should such the should NOT the Service. This the effective of to another connected to the this Please that telephone, The CD or DVD with this The CD or DVD (shown below) located the
CLASS LASER PRODUCT CAUTION: INVISIBLE LASER RADIATION WHEN OPEN. AVOID EXPOSURE TO BEAM. The or light (LED) than Class I. This with the and of country or which wireless this or wireless (such as wireless LAN and/or Bluetooth Below information with such of countries EU as of July Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, the United Poland, and and allowed the countries of the Union, as as Norway, Iceland and This with the regulations and of the country of further information, please the office the country of A: Regulations and Below information with wireless LAN and/or Bluetooth only.
English Incorporated 8F, Person: SA that: Product: with the and other of the following EC and that the and force to that of the comply with the EMC Directive 2004/108/EC as conformity with the following EN55022, AS/NZS CISPR22, Class EN55024 EN55013 (Applicable to built with TV EN55020 (Applicable to built with TV EN61000-3-2 Class EN61000-3-3 Directive 2006/95/EC as conformity with the following harmonized EN60950-1 EN60065 (Applicable to built with TV Council Decision 98/482/EC (CTR21) to the Switched Telephone Network (PSTN). Directive 2002/95/EC the Restriction of the of and The of the restricted Lead Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBBs) Mercury Polybrominated Ethers (PBDEs) Chromium Incorporated 8F, Declaration of Conformity
The below to the built with WLAN or wireless and R&TTE Directive 1999/5/EC as conformity with the following harmonized Health and EN60950-1 EN62311 EMC EN301 EN301 (Applicable to non-bluetooth wireless EN301 EN300 (Applicable to non-bluetooth wireless EN300 EN301 (Applicable to high performance RLAN). to affixing CE Inc. English
English Declaration of Conformity This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. The following this Product: SKU or of Party: America Corporation of Party: CA U. S. A. Person:
reference only. V09A3