Thank purchasing the and information Microsoft of Authenticity CHAPTER
CHAPTER www.emachines.com Thank purchasing the You choosing that pleased with the reliability, and performance of Each and the and the to that with the Please this to with as as of services and highlighted basic and information to operating to customers to best-of-class service and to high-quality, brand-name If knowledgeable, service with fast, service. sincerely that the and from years to Thanks from of hours and the specifications, and information about the www.emachines.com/support
and www.emachines.com and Searching topic includes and easily of information, troubleshooters, and and to about and to and the of To and Support: Click then and and and Support, information clicking search, or the To search topic and type or phrase the Search located the top of and then the arrow each search, the following search types: TopicsThese topics located and and to search topic. Search MatchesThese topics located and and the the Search Microsoft BaseThese topics located the Microsoft and the the Search You connected to the to search and these topics. To of search the header the type of to
CHAPTER www.emachines.com To topic, the topic the Search If XP Edition, or to the XP Edition To the the to the The appears the top of the Click the the information research topic or learn to while the You information selecting topic from or clicking
information www.emachines.com information You search information the the searching topic or or through the The the front of information that and Customer this information
CHAPTER www.emachines.com Microsoft of Authenticity The Microsoft of Authenticity found the back or of includes the operating If from the CD or DVD, to these to
Connecting the Connecting to or DSL or to wired Ethernet or other peripheral the CHAPTER to
CHAPTER to www.emachines.com options and locations from the below. (optional) IEEE (optional) USB (optional) this to to CDs, and and type). This CD, CD, DVD, or DVD To type and information about types USB USB (such as (optional) or this information, or other USB (optional) and and Customer information when the accessed. Memory (optional) button/ Microphone Headphone
www.emachines.com IEEE known as or (such as IEEE (optional) of these IEEE information, or other peripheral Memory (optional) Press this to the or off. You the to Standby/Resume or Hibernate The lights when the turned Microphone microphone this This or Headphone front amplifier, or headphones this This and Customer information and and memory from MP3 PDA, telephone, or other the memory information, the memory information about to Customer
CHAPTER to www.emachines.com options and locations from the below. selection switch PS/2 PS/2 Microphone input cover Telephone thumbscrew selection switch the this (PS/2) this PS/2 PS/2 PS/2 this this information, or other peripheral (such as this information, or other peripheral USB USB (optional) turning that this switch the the The switch the factory with the the United States, the The supply should to this when operating the United States. other of the such as the If operating such as this, the switch should to information, Checking the selection cover thumbscrew IEEE (optional)
Connecting the www.emachines.com Connecting the To reduce the of fire, AWG or telecommunications cord. this USB USB (such as USB (optional) or these information, or other peripheral Microphone microphone this This or front amplifier, or headphones this This input Telephone If telephone the telephone this (optional) cover thumbscrews IEEE known as or (such as IEEE (optional) of these IEEE information, or other peripheral Ethernet this built-in 56K that to to telephone Warning To the of the the the back of the other of the telephone The with or PBX telephone then input (such as this sound This these screws the Ethernet or (such as DSL or broadband this
CHAPTER to www.emachines.com Connecting to or DSL or to wired Ethernet with built-in Ethernet information about wired or wireless Computer Tricks You Ethernet than Broadband such as and DSL to Ethernet that to to or DSL or to wired Ethernet To to or DSL or to Ethernet of the the the back of the other of the
or other peripheral www.emachines.com or other peripheral or other peripheral the and instructions. and information about peripheral then and the the Search then the arrow. the or of the following IEEE known as or Universal (USB), and You these to such as and to information about locations, IEEE and USB and which that usually such whenever the IEEE or USB the first to software the this, and the and the information and instructions. If the back of they This that they than the the or stereo-out To the something other than the to the To the to the Click then The If Sounds, and Devices Click/Double-click Sounds and Devices then Advanced The Advanced -OR- If the Sound Effect the Sound the The the
CHAPTER to www.emachines.com
Starting Turning off Restarting the the the CHAPTER
CHAPTER www.emachines.com Reducing and the following and and and strain. and to the or bright lighting should the or directly the and and light directly or and indirect lighting focusing of from occasionally, and to and that the the height and the Select the height of the and to the when the and If the or too using that weight evenly, and the Top of higher than to of sight
www.emachines.com and and from the or slightly below the of This shoulders while type. the height, the of the seat, or footrest to the and the back of thighs. the back of the the of You or cushion to back the the top higher than the within reach, and the to to of sight. and You should to reach them without stretching. the height and as the arching, or wrists. that they when type. or back. with back straight hips, and right when to and stretch torso or to repetition. to stretch and to the and of
CHAPTER www.emachines.com Protecting from High through both the and the Protect using protector. If telephone that If that TV both the and the Checking the selection If the selection switch incorrectly, this switch correctly location turning the United States, the The supply should to this when operating the United States. other of the such as the If operating such as this, the switch should to the of electricity increase to and or Protect and peripheral them to which and them from reaching Warning supply (UPS) to Although of with UPS, UPS enough to and normally. supply integrated to to the board, cards, and The selection location typically the factory. the selection switch the back of to the to 115V or 230V. To that the the selection switch. To the selection switch: such as to the selection switch to the selection switch
Starting www.emachines.com built-in which heat. Both the and to cooling. You increase the when the high and the when switches to information about the Power-Saving Turning off off the supply and board to from the and from the outlets. the and when If reason the Turn option to off and the about seconds, then release To the to the Turn If the first follow the on-screen instructions to and peripheral such as or and the that with the instructions. or turned off power-saving While the flashes. Tricks If the or the to Warning To turn off Click then Turn The Turn Click Turn and off
CHAPTER www.emachines.com Restarting If off, and the about seconds, then release the Enhanced If to or input, to that responding. If closing to operation, to To and Press C TRL +A LT +D EL The Click the Applications then the that responding. Click Click the top-right of the If respond, off, seconds, then of the process, to the automatically. the finished, Editing buttons Function Navigation buttons Directional Application
the www.emachines.com Function The of and buttons. that which active. Editing these to and Function these buttons to function the to about the function buttons these to search, or playback these buttons to and to the buttons Navigation these to the to the of to the of the the to the of or to the of UM OCK C APS OCK or CROLL OCK activated. Press the to the function. of these to the These with other to (Search and Application this to shortcut and Directional these to the right, or these to type when the UM OCK turned Directional Application Navigation
CHAPTER www.emachines.com the The that the the This shows the the the (arrow) the the You the and right the to the You the wheel the to through This Right
the www.emachines.com information about to the right-hand or and other the the instructions to the the To... this... the the Select the or or Access shortcut or information about the the Tricks instructions to the Cleaning the You the to the and the of sound To the If using the the front of the Tricks -OR- the and buttons the information, the click, click, and and the around the If of and to the farther, the the of the then the the the and release the once. This action clicking the the and release the This action double-clicking the the and release the right once. This action right-clicking the the Press the and the to the of the Release the to the where
CHAPTER www.emachines.com
the with and Searching with shortcuts CHAPTER XP
CHAPTER XP www.emachines.com the and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. the first the The the top of Think of the as where and other from this The the the and the The the the of the containing the the and clock the right. Other buttons the that Click the to the The to and other and and Click the then or clicking item the that The where and that You the to permanently them from instructions to the and The Security appear the the clock. The appearance to when the security below the recommended or when Double-click this to the Security
the www.emachines.com the and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. You search and and using the To the Click the the of the The showing the first of items. Click to and the the item that arrow to another and reveals related or commands. Click or to
CHAPTER XP www.emachines.com to the and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. items item You to (shortcut) to the that frequently. To to the Click then Right-click the right or the that to to the Click To then shortcut) shortcut that appears the the or the This shows the (C:) which the (C:) the Every each its and include these items: The title the the top of that shows the title. Clicking the reduces the active to the Clicking the the the
Working with and www.emachines.com and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. Working with and item You and to would information You these and and the information as would and throw information they and than Each usually (C:) the and (A:) the You such as CD or DVD To the Click then the Clicking the expands the active to the Clicking the the to its Clicking the the active or Clicking item the action such as or
CHAPTER XP www.emachines.com Creating and information about the then and the information about shortcuts creating and the Search then the arrow. To the and Double-click the If the of its the of this the They and other spreadsheets, and picturesthat fact, information To Click then the Double-click the where to the Typically, (C:) and (A:) If the of the the of this If to existing the existing If the of the or the of this or the of this Click New then The created. the then NTER The appears the
with and www.emachines.com Copying and and The whatever or or Then the the information only. Therefore, of or than as as or or the or from the and information about the then and the creating and or and the Search then the arrow. and The to and copying and and or of the or the which temporarily Then, when what the to (the there. and or the or from its location and the or the where the or to there. To or to another the or to information, and Searching Right-click the right or the or that to the Click Copy the the With the the right-click. Click of the or appears the location. To or to another the or to information, and Searching Right-click the right or button) the or that to the Click the the With the the right-click. Click The or appears its location and from its location. throw and them from the and them Eventually the emptied. throw and first them to the the where they to the You recover the as as the emptied.
CHAPTER XP www.emachines.com and information about the then and Support. the and the Search then the arrow. Emptying the permanently or the These restored. and information about the then and the emptying the Search then the arrow. To or or the or that to instructions to and shortcuts If the to Searching Click then the and to the To recover or from the Double-click the The and the and thrown Click the or that to instructions to and shortcuts Click then the or to their locations. To the Double-click the the The Click then Empty that to the Click the
Searching www.emachines.com Searching the Search If or or of or that characteristics where they the Search to search by: or of Creation type Text contained the which created or You search to searches. and found using this copied, or directly from the the To and using the Search Click then Search The Search Click and If to search or type or of the or the the of the If type of the Search and of that If type of the Search of the and containing the typed.
CHAPTER XP www.emachines.com and information about the then and the searching the Search then the arrow. Browsing and Click Search the search completed, the and whose the text that searched or double-clicking the the search options Search than You search selecting the search options that You search the: the created or of the of such as or text or that rarely right top of It usually that another and and the as that they than fact). to search through of to the or that This
Searching www.emachines.com and information about the then and the and the Search then the arrow. To Click then Computer The Double-click the or that think the or that to If the of the of this or the of this double-clicking and their the or
CHAPTER XP www.emachines.com with Creating include spreadsheet or other The of creating, and apply to of these of The following to and Microsoft WordPad. apply to other such as WordPerfect, Microsoft Word, and Microsoft information about using its To Click then WordPad Microsoft WordPad and the and buttons the top of the to the
with www.emachines.com and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. to to To Click then The Click the arrow to the then the where to the If the through the below the the Click To or existing first to the the that created To the Click then
CHAPTER XP www.emachines.com and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. Click the arrow to the then the to If the through the below the Double-click the The To connected to or to information about or using the or or other peripheral information to To that the turned and with the and the Click then The the then OK The
shortcuts www.emachines.com shortcuts and information about the then and the shortcuts the Search then the arrow. The following shows shortcuts that and that information about shortcuts, or To... this... Click the then C TRL C Copy or graphic or graphic Click the then C TRL or graphic Click the or where to the then C TRL Click the first and the C TRL then each Select items or of the items. Select items or Click the or then HIFT ELETE The or Permanently or permanently The or the Click the or F2 type the then NTER or Press LT F4 the active or Switch to or Click the first item the and the HIFT then the item the Press LT AB
CHAPTER XP www.emachines.com
Learning about the account the World CHAPTER the
CHAPTER the www.emachines.com Learning about the To Ethernet The of together to information to people everywhere. The services the and the World You this to telephone, DSL Subscriber or and with service (ISP). information other from the ISP to the and to the through ISP. If to the that to other or telephone, DSL, or built-in telephone and DSL to through Ethernet and than service that to the through to ISP, the ISP the and telephone of service locally. that displays information from the World Microsoft included with information, the World that and the Microsoft or included with information,
account www.emachines.com account Accessing account and information about using accounts, then and the ISP the Search then the arrow. the World the information the World to account with service (ISP). To ISP service or to existing account to this the ISP directly. those telephone to to the This include ordinary telephone ISDN and ADSL PPP or other to temporary to the charges (with both telephone and service often increase the to the To the users, that only to the and then when finished. service instructions to to and from the and DSL known as broadband, or telephone to to ISP and the instances, broadband always-connected service. With this type of service, the of the amount of The to account from ISP to ISP. ISP the The World to the that to of information Information the to which that You of the commercially browsers, Microsoft or animations, and other features. of related You to the and You or other clicking or or or animated You moving the or If the to hand, the item
CHAPTER the www.emachines.com Connecting to and information about accounts, then and the to the Search then the arrow. To learn about the features, the account with service (ISP), the information the World To to to account. the to to account, to Click then showing or To to type the URL Universal the www.emachines.com then GO the OR On the to The the the to and displays the the that slowly. The that displays the complexity of the and other Additionally, the of
the World www.emachines.com To from objectionable the McAfee SecurityCenter. Downloading To that the information, Protecting from and information about accounts, then and the downloading the Search then the arrow. Tricks Downloading the of from the to To or from to account. the type the of the that the or to then GO the OR Click to to the containing the that to or the where to the information, with and Click the the the that to Follow the instructions the the that of the to The that to the to and the that created. or the double-clicking If follow the instructions the to or the
CHAPTER the www.emachines.com Tricks such as photographs, to information, the to who and usually service of account. The arrive consists of the and the of the service (ISP) or that hosts that assigned when account with ISP. with account with might that to this To using or to service Click then Click New the of the to to the To the of the the finished, the to the specified.
www.emachines.com Checking To from McAfee SecurityCenter. information, Protecting from and information about accounts, then and the the Search then the arrow. Tricks To to service Click then Click Double-click the to read. information about and the
CHAPTER the www.emachines.com
Introduction to Creating Ethernet the to network CHAPTER
CHAPTER www.emachines.com Introduction to Ethernet or other or office. to and hire router Ethernet consists of or connected together through Ethernet This type commonly offices around the and to the home. or Ethernet Ethernet three Ethernet Ethernet and Ethernet built using or Ethernet typically built or Ethernet To Ethernet or Ethernet or office. The to Ethernet (DHCP) router. DHCP router to assign IP to each or
Introduction to www.emachines.com To the to wireless Ethernet to wired Ethernet to the router or router that built-in such as the wireless router with switch. Ethernet should Ethernet Ethernet or or Ethernet or of rated the of the rated router, that the includes everything including features, such as firewall, to from switch to the and DHCP server/dynamic IP assignment to and IP router-based Ethernet The following of Ethernet The of router, computers, and each of these The router the the Attached to the router of or Ethernet-ready connected to the router or DSL that to the Tricks router-based Ethernet Ethernet or with Ethernet One router Ethernet of the One broadband (optional) Tricks or DSL Router
CHAPTER www.emachines.com Creating Ethernet network Ethernet and broadband If broadband already the with ISP. to the the activated. Broadband from ISP to ISP. should ISP instructions they the and the You each the and the Workgroup Ethernet already To Ethernet already Click then The If Performance and Click/Double-click the then The Click the front of Network The Ethernet If listed, the type of Ethernet using to Ethernet and the that Ethernet already the that with Ethernet instructions the and information or about that broadband correctly. To the the If the service To this the Click then The If Performance and The Performance and Click/Double-click The Click
Creating Ethernet www.emachines.com the TCP/IP Click The the This the to other the of to characters with Each allowed. the Workgroup of to characters with The the and the than Click OK to the to to each other. One of each to the (TCP/IP), which and as as XP, TCP/IP as the Terms should know DHCP (DHCP) router temporarily IP to the IP (IP) that the that what subnetwork the located This the DHCP to the TCP/IP each with router or router, the option to IP from DHCP To DHCP Click then The If Network and The Network and Click/Double-click Network The Network
CHAPTER www.emachines.com Right-click then The OR If LAN and follow the instructions the New Click to the (TCP/IP) the This the following items If TCP/IP, the to choices. Click The (TCP/IP) Click the Click IP Click OK to the (TCP/IP)
Creating Ethernet www.emachines.com Ethernet types; straight-through to to router, and to computers. To which type of both of the with the facing from and with the the straight-through the wires both attached to the to right). the wires each attached to the to right). Click OK to the Click to the Network this unshielded, twisted-pair with thin containing wires), and with this type of This type of with RJ-45 with each router If than and to high-speed Broadband or DSL the of router. router the from The router IP to the the and firewall protection as
CHAPTER Computer www.emachines.com to router, straight-through each to to the To router: of the the AC the router and the other grounded, 110V Turn computers. of straight-through the router the WAN The WAN to the router to the DSL or and or switch. the other of the the the each connected to the router, the should light the front of the router, indicating each the straight-through the WAN the router and the other the Ethernet the DSL or Router WAN
Creating Ethernet www.emachines.com router The following information to the EtherFast routers. other or of router, the which the router or from the Testing and TCP/IP them, router these instructions, that using the router to to high-speed Broadband through service (ISP) and that as DHCP To the EtherFast router: From of the connected to the browser, type the browsers then NTER prompted username and the username and type the then OK The the following the finished information the Apply Click the DHCP the top of the Click the then Apply Press the or DSL then the should to Testing that of and If to to the the New information, To the physical the lights the front of the router or with the the router or Temporarily off firewall software Turn off of the then them back or DSL first, router second, and Router and with ISP to these and, what required. Normally, the LAN IP that the WAN IP If ISP assigns IP each IP Automatically If ISP IP Specify IP then type the ISP.
CHAPTER www.emachines.com Sharing and To the computers, each the shared Follow the instructions included with to the each to routers or troubleshooting information service With and With and DVD and the connected to the the and each shared, them as though they attached directly to Then and other or To or or right-click the or that to then and Security The If the of that to everyone If the of that to everyone the Click the
www.emachines.com If this the first shared or Network to access, then follow the instructions. OR If previously and to or with others the to the this the type shared the Shared To other to and write to the shared or to the Allow to Click OK Un-sharing and To or or right-click the or that to then and Security that the this the selected. Click OK To Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the and The and Right-click the of the to then Click this Click OK
CHAPTER www.emachines.com the shared and and information about then and the the Search then the arrow. the and each shared, and and other To and Click then Network The Network Click/Double-click Network The Network If the of the Network Double-click Microsoft Network Double-click the of The of each of the listed. Double-click the of the containing the or to shared and that or as another the of the or as the attached directly to the the as the To the from the To the or completing the shared and Right-click the or then Network The Network Click the arrow to the then the to this or to. Click to to this or each to the Click
the www.emachines.com the Copying the the the the the the the from. You the and installation instructions from the CD that shipped with or from the To the the the to Click then to the that the to Double-click the containing the then the To the Click then The to the that the to to the to Click the Click then Copy Double-click the where to the to. Click then To the the to Click then Click the arrow to the then the Click OK
CHAPTER www.emachines.com to Instead of to To to the of the following: to then the information about and to the includes USB or information, the instructions that with that built-in wireless wireless
and and cover template from and Canceling Automatically Automatically CHAPTER
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com and This chapter Microsoft and You or using or DSL following these instructions. services that or using broadband and You telephone to to the while and Microsoft and originally installed. To Click then The Click/Double-click and The or Click The Click Services then Next Click to the Click to the to Microsoft XP -OR- Click to the or
and www.emachines.com The first the to information the Location Information and the and boxes. first to information. cover and this information, of which The the first to To Microsoft Click then The On the to Next The Information the information about that to appear cover then Next The Select or Click the arrow to the Please the then the to and If the to the telephone to the Click Next The Subscriber (TSID) the information. This information You type as as characters the using characters characters telephone
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com characters such as hyphens. instead of hyphens telephone and numbers. Click Next If to type the information, then Next This information and the that typed The Routing If to to received and to then Next The Summary Click The If the Security Unblock
www.emachines.com You the to to or To Click then The On the to Next The Information the and of the of If to the to type the If to to than and type the and of the Next The the Click the arrow to the template then the template to the text the the text the then Next The Select when to the and the then Next The Completing the Click If the Security Unblock
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com cover template from You cover template that of the cover templates that Microsoft To cover the Cover On this information that both the and the when To cover template: Click Communications then Cover The If the Cover OK To then The with cover already the the cover template Click To directly from the created Click then The Click the arrow to the then the Click The Complete the following the instructions If to include that from the or the (such as To or them to the the then them to the You the to include information that (such as of or and If to include text that appears cover (such as or the text type text of then the to the If to include that appears cover to the then the Cover and to the template.
www.emachines.com and Canceling Automatically To that scanned: Scan the using the With the then The Click the arrow to the then the Click The Complete the following the instructions To and Click then The the it incoming and them the To then the to The where and the You that to the To that If then The Click then right-click the to Click to the Click You to the
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com To to three Automatically Click then The If and Other Click or The and -OR- If the and The and Right-click then The Click the Devices then The Specify the of and the amount of Click OK If to and to to the To Click then The If and Other Click or The and -OR- If the and The and Right-click then The Click the Devices then The Click the Click to the Automatically and the of Click OK
the memory the CD or DVD the and Creating and Creating and Creating CDs and Advanced software CHAPTER and
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com the memory Memory You the optional memory to from to You the memory to and that memory cards, such as PDA, MP3 or telephone. The memory the following types: Each assigned the E: and F: from memory type to another. Memory Activity Card facing facing SM facing facing Memory facing Memory PRO facing (optional) facing CompactFlash right facing IBM right facing
the CD or DVD www.emachines.com memory To memory or while memory memory the memory or off the while the memory You Also, the memory from the turn off the the the to the memory the CD or DVD To memory the memory the memory as indicated the To the memory then Double-click the the E: then the To memory the memory to then the memory of the You to of features. of the following types. the front of the or of the following If this This type... CD CDs, and CD-RW CDs, and creating CDs. DVD/CD-RW CDs, creating CDs, and DVD CDs, and DVD+RW CDs, and recording and to DVD+R or DVD+RW
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com CD or DVD CDs protection software. You to these CDs the that the facing If the the the of the to facing If this This type... Activity (location (location To CD or DVD: Press the the CD or DVD the the with the facing Press the to the DVD R/RW CDs, and recording and to DVD+R, DVD+RW, DVD-R, and DVD-RW CDs, DVD+RW and recording and to DVD+R To the of the DVD the purchase or DL. other of capacity. DVD-RAM and recording and to DVD-RAM
www.emachines.com The shown this section only and the the location of the VGA the or If or to To or Turn off the or the secondary VGA Tricks Turn the or AC then the and searches its You to the from the the or the from the the right-click the then The Click the Right-click the then Click Apply such as or Quality necessary. Click OK
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com the The TV only that or The shown this section only and the To the (or other transmitted through the or of headphones or to hear sound while DVD. DVD to VCR scrambled copyright protection software. Tricks the location of the the or The or using RCA or To With off, of to the or the other of the to the or VCR. Turn the or VCR. Click then The If Appearance and Themes Click/Double-click the The Click the
the www.emachines.com If the TV and TV buttons the that the turned and connected correctly. Click Advanced The Click the Click the TV already then Apply TV TV
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com To On the TV The TV the then OK
www.emachines.com If with and with (optional), the to TV, and to to and to (The included with information, (A/V) buttons buttons Functions Shortcut buttons to features. the (A/V) buttons and characters from the the (reduced buttons replay recorded TV and and the CD and DVD player. Shortcut buttons selections, and the DVD Navigation buttons
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com Manually the to the that to the the instructions. Functions Navigation buttons the around the and back to the the aspect and information. Press the OK to selection. To the Press the the The software the buttons to option, then OK You the to TV search recordings, and first the the to information from or service to the manually. To manually the that connected to the Press the the to then OK The to TV then OK to then OK to then OK The Select then OK the
www.emachines.com the and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. You the to the and the of sound To the from Click then The If Sounds, and Devices Click/Double-click the the or Sounds and Devices The Sounds and Devices Click the the to the or to the then OK To Click then The If Sounds, and Devices Click/Double-click the the or Sounds and Devices The Sounds and Devices
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com Click the Click Advanced the If the to appear the the to the to then OK the and the to information about the the Click the top-right of the to
and www.emachines.com and WAV and Sound that and WAV WAV the sounds. To WAV with Sound Click then Sound The Sound Click then The Click the to then the clicking then the clicking of and including WAV, MIDI, MP3, AU, AVI, and MPEG information about Record Stop
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com Click then Player Double-click the Computer. CDs or CDs protection software. You to these CDs To DVD DVD If DVD and would to internal or the Accessory accessories.gateway.com. information about CDs or then and the phrases CDs or the Search then the arrow. To using Shortcut Click then The Click the to then the clicking then the clicking You CDs using and or or Compact CD of and played CD or CD DVD to CD capacity. of this increased capacity, or of played DVD or DVD CD or DVD to to CDs or information about information
and www.emachines.com CD or DVD and the To CD or DVD: that the turned or headphones and that the turned Shortcut CD or DVD the CD or DVD If with of CD players or DVD players, OR If with of CD players or DVD players, then Stop Click If hear sound or to the the Next Previous
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com information about C then Creating and Creating DVD using To DVD that the turned or headphones and that the turned Click then The and DVD the DVD then The DVD plays. To the DVD or the the You of including WAV, MP3, and WMA Recording WAV Sound that and WAV WAV the sounds. information about WAV WAV
Creating and www.emachines.com information about or recording, then and the phrases recording or the Search then the arrow. To WAV microphone of the Microphone the location of the Microphone reference. Click then Sound The Sound Click (record), then the microphone. recording, Click then The the recording, specify the location where to the recording, then The recording Record
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com CDs protection software. You from these CDs. Creating WMA and MP3 the from CD to as WMA or MP3 WMA and MP3 high-fidelity without noticeably WMA the WMA and MP3 the MP3 To WMA or MP3 CD CD or DVD If with of CD players, The OR If with of CD players, then The Click then the Rip Click the arrow to the Format then or information the the of Learn about MP3
Creating and www.emachines.com Building the process, WMA and MP3 become If to, or with, downloaded downloading the Click CDs and Devices CD then the that the CD. Click to clear the to record. Click Rip records the to as WMA appears to each as recorded. Player to library. You MP3 or WMA and information to You to by: Creating MP3 or WMA MP3 or WMA from the CD, these to library. and and from or to the library. Downloading from the connected to the WMA and MP3 that to library.
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com Editing information Creating and editing Editing information about editing then and Support. the phrase the Search then the arrow. WMA or MP3 to library, the tracks information. To information: Click then Click the Right-click the to then Advanced The Advanced information such as and Click OK The information appears the library. If connected to that from the as You from attached to instructions to user that and and through the IEEE (optional) information about its You software with information about this software, including that
Creating and www.emachines.com to To to to following the instructions. If with of editing OR If with of then and the If the From
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com amount of hour than GB of with editing. Editing Complete the the clicking Next each reach the the and information about the the Learn about the or then of the to Splitting than or combining or from the or of titles and credits information about the then Topics to of the following Click to to to Click to CD to to CD. Click to as Click to the to or to and family the Click to DV to back to and
Creating CDs and www.emachines.com Creating CDs and CDs protection software. You MP3, WAV, or WMA from these CDs and to to these CDs You to CDs. information, Creating CD using Creating CD that other while creating CDs or If copyrighted CD or DVD, from the copyright owner. copyright and to of and other If about rights, Tricks You CDs Creating CD using To CD using Player: Click then Player writable CD CD or DVD If action then OK Click the The to burn
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com Creating TV that recorded with the recorded to DVD and replayed another or that DVD and DVD software (such as The XP with Service (SP) or or and the Q810243 that other while creating CDs or If copyrighted CD or DVD, from the copyright owner. copyright and to of and other If about rights, Click The Click the to them to the playlist. the to OK Click You using Creating DVD with To DVD writable DVD-R or DVD-RW DVD Press the the Click More then CD/DVD
Advanced software www.emachines.com Advanced software features Recording Click DVD then OK Follow the to burning the DVD. information, the You to WMA and MP3 to to to and to TV. information, the the following instructions to recording microphone. To recording: microphone of the Microphone the location of the Microphone or
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com Click then Sound The Sound Click (record), then the microphone. recording, Click then The the recording, the location where to the recording, then The recording To recording Sound the Sound Click then The Click the to then the clicking then the clicking Record Stop
the and the Power-Saving supply CHAPTER
CHAPTER www.emachines.com the and If the brightness, and and using the the front of information about these the Tricks the and of the basic to You such as the background and the of displays. appearance. satisfactory while photographs of to with quality. choose from that the If the or played or the and to Color, necessary. To the depth: Click then The If Appearance and Themes Click/Double-click the The Click the
the and www.emachines.com and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. the and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. Click the arrow to the then the Click OK then You increase the to or the to reading the The higher the the of the (such as and appear. To the Click then The If Appearance and Themes Click/Double-click the The Click the the to the Click OK then
CHAPTER www.emachines.com the You the of items, such as the background and title To Click then The If Appearance and Themes Click/Double-click the The Click the Appearance Click the arrow to the the then OK The appear OR If to as of theme, the following To as of theme: Click Advanced The Advanced Appearance Click the arrow to the Item then the item to the or the Click OK then the Themes Click type the theme, then OK The appear
the and www.emachines.com the background and information about the then and the background the Search then the arrow. You the background backgrounds, or that created or from other To the background: Click then The If Appearance and Themes Click/Double-click the The Click the Click background the Background OR Click to background from another location. If the chose to cover the the arrow to the then or If the chose cover the and choose to stretch or the the the clicking the arrow to the then clicking Click OK
CHAPTER www.emachines.com Selecting If of without You should which constantly its to this displays with burn-in. and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. You to others from while from of that choose from, and from the and as products. To Click then The If Appearance and Themes Click/Double-click the The Click the Click the arrow to the then the the Click OK If to the then If the the selected. If to the whenever the the On If to the the activated, the or to the
the and www.emachines.com and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. If to roughly the of You the to To Right-click the then The Click the Click the then this Click Apply You and them to the
CHAPTER www.emachines.com the and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. You the or right-hand and other To Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the The Click of the to Click OK to
Power-Saving www.emachines.com Power-Saving the and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. of options, such as when the or off. You of the or To the Click then The If Performance and Click/Double-click the The Click the arrow to the then the OR Click arrow the Turn off or Turn off then the To and type the Click OK
CHAPTER www.emachines.com advanced and information about the then and the the Search then the arrow. Activating and using Hibernate Advanced assign to the button. To advanced Click then The If Performance and Click/Double-click the The Click the Advanced Click the arrow to buttons then the to Click OK Hibernate to writes memory (RAM) information to the then completely off. The reads the memory information from the and the and that when activated Hibernate
Power-Saving www.emachines.com and information about the then and the hibernate the Search then the arrow. To Hibernate Click then The If Performance and Click/Double-click the The Click the Hibernate Click the hibernation then Apply Hibernate option the and Advanced and the Click OK To Hibernate the then the Click the arrow to hibernates then the to manually-selected Click then Press and HIFT then Hibernate -OR- the then the Advanced Hibernate option the buttons
CHAPTER www.emachines.com supply and information about the then and Support. the supply the Search then the arrow. To supply (UPS): Click then The If Performance and Click/Double-click the The Click the UPS Click Select The UPS Selection Click the and of the UPS then the where the UPS attached. Click then OK
Protecting security Security CHAPTER
CHAPTER Protecting www.emachines.com security About and that The and If to to About XP accounts Although to with to the information to theft of The first security from to the the back of then the to or You and stores. the location of the reference. The security and and to other people from using You to when or Tricks These BIOS that that to account each who user accounts, each account. You to each account the account the
security www.emachines.com information about XP accounts, then and the phrase accounts the Search then the arrow. Protecting from information about protecting then and the the Search then the arrow. account, the that user or that to then from to another. or to malfunction. undetected of they activated Protect from by: the McAfee to and that attached to or downloaded from the Checking them. Microsoft Word and These that that might the McAfee to the the Security to with the highest of protection. information about security security
CHAPTER Protecting www.emachines.com McAfee SecurityCenter McAfee SecurityCenter McAfee SecurityCenter includes the following McAfee service. You to from horses, and McAfee inbound and outbound to McAfee Service protects identity theft the of personally information. This service offensive (including and and and where McAfee from reaching inbox and protects known Phishing scams. You with McAfee VirusScan, McAfee Firewall, and McAfee turned and McAfee Service turned off. To the Service as as the other services turned to the and McAfee SecurityCenter when prompted.
security www.emachines.com Starting McAfee SecurityCenter To McAfee SecurityCenter: Click McAfee then McAfee Security McAfee SecurityCenter Scanning and To McAfee SecurityCenter. Click
CHAPTER Protecting www.emachines.com To McAfee SecurityCenter the Click Scan Click the location to then options. Click Scan To If McAfee SecurityCenter follow on-screen instructions to the Turn off and off least seconds. Turn and the You should to from the To that connected to the McAfee SecurityCenter. Click The McAfee SecurityCenter Click If to appears Click to and McAfee SecurityCenter.
security www.emachines.com XP Security Security through: firewall third protection software security options security To security Click then Security The Security Click or information about the Security about Security
CHAPTER Protecting www.emachines.com Security To to XP and software to If to the security features built XP, Microsoft high-priority to the You should to ExpressClick to high-priority These include security CustomClick Custom to high-priority, software, and These include security
Security www.emachines.com XP Security the XP Security to routinely the and them automatically. To Click then Security Click The to the then OK
CHAPTER Protecting www.emachines.com include and conflicts. It gathers information about the security and from the Whenever flashing the To the that to
Protecting and Recovering and Software recovery options Copying and recovery Recovering CHAPTER
CHAPTER Protecting and Recovering and Software www.emachines.com recovery options Copying and recovery following the information Troubleshooting or or of the software recovering or restoring everything to recover of operating CD or DVD, and of factory-installed and of that of factory-installed software as as Copying and recovery to (burn) the and Applications Recovery recovery that recorded of to Recovery recover and software that If follow troubleshooting Microsoft to back to when and correctly. Recovering using Microsoft to to If to software, such as Recovering and software to factory-installed software and Finally, to recover to everything, including the operating its factory Recovering from the to completely the factory software. everything to completely including XP, and other You or using and Applications Recovery which You immediately the recovery (recommended), or information creating recovery Creating recovery information to and recovery Copying and recovery to Creating from recovery
Copying and recovery www.emachines.com Creating recovery If recording to CDs, that they CD-R and CD-RW If recording to DVD, that DVD-R or DVD+R DVD-RW or DVD+RW You and recovery to or You of and recovery that If Copying and recovery to To of and recovery that ready. the type of has, CD-R or DVD-R or DVD+R Click Recovery then Drivers-Applications CD(s) to ISO recovery or ISO the to Click ISO The Recovery CD/DVD Click Creation the of that the recovery Click the type of to
CHAPTER Protecting and Recovering and Software www.emachines.com to each and Application Recovery. each from the the to each of of of and Copying and recovery to the and type of then the Click OK The the recovery then records the recovery to the If to another the completed then the The Recovery ISO created successfully, the from the then OK the You You and recovery to location, of and recovery from that To and recovery to Click Recovery then Drivers-Applications CD(s) to ISO recovery or ISO the to
Copying and recovery www.emachines.com recovery (ISO) that which the the T2862 T2862 Apps Recovery Creating from recovery If recording to CDs, that they CD-R and CD-RW If recording to that they DVD-R or DVD+R DVD-RW or DVD+RW Click ISO then the location to the and recovery to. Click OK The the recovery then them to the location specified. the The Recovery ISO created successfully, OK You Tricks To from the copied, Creating from recovery that To recovery from recovery that ready. If the ISO with CD CDs. If the ISO with DVD the of You each recovery (ISO)
CHAPTER Protecting and Recovering and Software www.emachines.com the type of the recovery (ISO) the recovery (ISO) created DVD, DVD+R or DVD-R to each and Application Recovery. each from the the to each of of of and Recovering If and the software from the Customer fee, Customer to of recovery to the Customer information the located the front or of Click then the location of the recovery Double-click the the first burning software Follow the instructions of burning software to the burning of the recovery the that and another. each recovery each recorded this completed, If with and to recover and from of recovery back to when and correctly, or everything from the To selectively or Recovering and software OR To recover to when software and correctly, Recovering Microsoft OR To everything, Recovering from the
Recovering www.emachines.com Recovering and software You recovery recovering such as and software. If to recover software that to follow the softwares instructions installation. You recover using the or and recovery that created. To from the and recovery Click Recovery then Application Recovery OR Turn then the and recovery the CD or DVD The Application Recovery Click the or to To items, and C TRL while clicking each Click Next The items selected the finished, to or Click to or applications, or to the You If follow the Recovering Microsoft
CHAPTER Protecting and Recovering and Software www.emachines.com Recovering Microsoft using Recovery, should Microsoft to whether to Every or software, and hours (while turned Microsoft snapshot of and as of hard-to-resolve software to of these to To Microsoft Press F1 The Microsoft XP and Click to with The to Click to earlier then Next The Select
Recovering www.emachines.com Recovering from the of and activity the should recovering recover and firewall software, then the to and Click the the then the the Click Next The Confirm Selection that to the selected, and the Click Next then follow the on-screen instructions to the restoration. If completing Microsoft Recovery. Recovering from the instructions. To recover from the CDs and from the USB the and then
CHAPTER Protecting and Recovering and Software www.emachines.com The option the that back this process. appear with the and when shipped from the factory. You to and to software to If Recovery Recovery then then the Recovery OR Turn or and F11 while the Recovery CD/DVD when prompted. The Recovery Click recovery option: Click Next The Format and Recover Click to recovery finished, the Click and finishes its and installation. and USB You the and the software as when purchased This (with (recommended) the of the to the and of XP. This option existing and the reconfigured. You least GB of to this option.
from CHAPTER
CHAPTER www.emachines.com Cleaning To the of that the and from both and subjecting to from repairs that covered warranty. or and the internal mechanisms. the of AC the following to Monthl XP and Clean Scan Clean and peripheral clean and the free from its You to gather these items and together cleaning cloth of that CD or DVD cleaning
Caring www.emachines.com the off, flows through To from shock, the and from the outlets. or LCD of specially and scratched or or ammonia-based cleaners. Cleaning the Warning off and other cleaning lint-free cloth to clean and other of or cleaners they the cooled through the the the free of With turned off and the from the with cloth. to the to from the of Cleaning the You should the of with to and trapped the If the off and the the then the trying to If the it to Cleaning the To LCD or cloth and to clean the LCD the cloth directly the and the with the cloth. To CRT cloth and to the the cloth directly the and the with the cloth. Cleaning the If the the or becomes to precisely, cleaning the its To the of the with lint-free cloth
CHAPTER www.emachines.com and information about then and the the Search then the arrow. Cleaning CDs or from the to the around using the the of that to to choose operating software, and New to the regularly, the and to and smoothly. and with tailored selection of that apply only to the software and information Security To to the Click then Follow the on-screen instructions. and conflicts. It gathers information about the security and from the Whenever flashing the To the that to country or To Click then
www.emachines.com Checking To learn about using From the then to To Click then The Right-click the that to then information appears. such as temporary to To the Click then The
CHAPTER www.emachines.com and information about then and the the Search then the arrow. Checking the Right-click the that to from, (C:), then The the Click The that the each type to selected. information about the the Click OK then The the physical and and This corrects and and the them. If hours every to once If frequently, once month To the Click then The Right-click the that to (C:), then The
www.emachines.com and information about then and Support. the the Search then the arrow. the Click the Click Click the options to then F1 the This finished the summary of the that found. Correct that found following the on-screen instructions. Click OK with the information and them the This and to search the of the and them back together. This the performance. The the the each as rather than as of the the information the performance. While the or because using them continuously and the process. Also, connected to off Network the and to
CHAPTER www.emachines.com and information about then and the the Search then the arrow. and information about then and the the Search then the arrow. To the Click then The Right-click the that to (C:), then The Click the Click If automatically, shows its the finished, to the Click then the the top-right to the and them from the the It protects from information the or You should back to writable CD or DVD or to such as or to information, Advanced software features
from www.emachines.com the scheduled If off, scheduled and information about then and the the Search then the arrow. from the and and information about then and the the Search then the arrow. The such as and To the Scheduled Click then The Double-click the Scheduled The Click Next then the or to and follow the on-screen instructions to the You and such as and from to the and The or such as and To the and Click then and
CHAPTER www.emachines.com You manually copying them to such as writable CD or DVD, USB or or information, Advanced software features or the the or Search to other information, To using or Search: or Searching To the XP, then The and displays of to OR or the the to the Double-click the C:\ Double-click the The and displays of Copy to or to another You often the (the of the following the might .DOC and spreadsheet might .XLS type usually .DOC, .TXT, .RTF, .HTM, .HTML, .DOT Spreadsheets .XLS, .XLT, .TXT .JPG, .BMP, .GIF, .PDF, .PCT, .TIF, .PNG, .EPS .MPEG, .MPG, .AVI, .GIF, .MOV Sound and .WAV, .CDA, .MP3, .MID, .MIDI, .WMA
from www.emachines.com and information about then and the searching the Search then the arrow. and information about then and Support. the the Search then the arrow. and To or Search: XP, then Search The Search OR or or Search then or The Search or Search to or type. then and or information, Searching You to account from to ISP If service (ISP) software that If to account or existing choose to existing account. If ISP software the ISP, or ISP to they updated of their software, and If MSN as ISP, or ISP the To the Click then New The New following the on-screen instructions. information exporting and and the You often of or to then them You to the information or to the to yourself, then to the
CHAPTER www.emachines.com or and information about then and the the Search then the arrow. and information about then and the peripheral information and the Search then the arrow. software updated, should the software shortcuts You and or Microsoft information, built-in or other peripheral This software. however, software or If the software to previous USB or USB instructions. USB You usually following these To and off Turn then If following the on-screen instructions. You finished. OR If the to the Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the and then The following the instructions.
from www.emachines.com If with of usually to the than to the and information about then and the the Search then the arrow. You that such as software, graphics or Tricks through and of to and and should or ID that and to the publishers If
CHAPTER www.emachines.com
Preventing electricity the Closing the memory the or CD or DVD the memory or the the the heat the front I/O or the CHAPTER and
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com Preventing electricity To to and off and the and and the ESD permanently ESD following ESD every the To of shock, the of the supply. the To to and off then the and the the Warning The to electricity, known as (ESD). the follow these Turn off Wear grounding wrist stores) and to of Warning Touch the back of the the and the and with follow these static-causing such as plastic, and from their when ready to them. the of the of the protection. their or their mounting touching the and the cards. or easy to internal Warning To the Follow the instructions Preventing electricity then the and and peripheral Press the to from
the www.emachines.com the thumbscrews from the cover, the cover the back of the then the from the
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com the front There connected to the back of the the from the the to the of the with the attached. OR Disconnect the from the the front and from the To the front the where the top front of the then the from the to the from the front of the
Closing the www.emachines.com Closing the the front the To the front If the when the them to the board. the the with the Press the To the that of the internal the they pinched when the the then the the front of the to the thumbscrews. the and cord.
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com memory memory location from the below. the memory, that the type of memory DIMM memory. To or DIMM memory: the following the instructions the its To scratching the towel or other the memory board. If DIMM from the memory the from the of the memory and OR If DIMM to memory the from the of the memory the notches the DIMM with the notches the memory and the the The the of the memory should and the memory automatically.
the battery www.emachines.com the There of the incorrectly replaced. the with the or type recommended the of following the instructions. the following the instructions the to its upright Turn and the appears. Click then Performance and Click/Double-click The amount of memory shown the of the the If the clock or the the BIOS when off the battery. of the and as the Warning To the battery: the and the F1 The of the BIOS the the and then from the the following the instructions the its To scratching the it or other the the board and its You to the the the release The of the
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com location from the below. or CD or DVD Tricks To CD or DVD You screwdriver to or CD or DVD The and of front cover from that the of the facing then the the the following the instructions the Turn the BIOS and that wrote and the BIOS the following the instructions Removing the the front following the instructions the front If existing the screws that the to the If to Screws
or CD or DVD www.emachines.com the and sound attached) from the back of the the of the the front. the the from the front of the the and sound necessary) to the back of the the screws to the to the the front following the instructions the front the following the instructions the
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com the memory Tricks To the memory You screwdriver to or CD or DVD The and of front cover from the following the instructions the the front following the instructions the front its connected to the board. There should the to allow to the its front of the the screw holding the the the USB from the board. Screw
or www.emachines.com or To or You screwdriver to or the of the the the from the front of the the USB to the board. the screw previously to the to the the front following the instructions the front the following the instructions the Tricks the following the instructions Removing the If to If existing to the the and from the back of the
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com the screw that the to the the from the and the of the then the from the If to If existing to the the four screws that the to the the screws of the shown below.) the of the the the the four screws to the to the Screw Screws
the www.emachines.com the To the You screwdriver to or the back then to the using the screw previously. the following the instructions the Tricks the following the instructions Removing the the from the board. the four screws that the cooling to the the from the Screws
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com the supply Tricks To the supply: You screwdriver to or the supply. the four screws previously to the cooling to the The arrows the the back of the flow. the to the board. the following the instructions the the following the instructions the from the board and the four screws that the supply to the the supply about inch. Screws
the heat www.emachines.com the of the supply then the On first to the heat supply from the the heat To the heat You screwdriver to or the heat Tricks the supply the supply its back with the back of the the four screws previously to the supply to the the supply to the and to the the following the instructions the Tricks the following the instructions Removing the the its Disconnect the heat from the board. Connector
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com The heat Thermal Interface (TIM) the to this when the heat from the If the heat the of the the The heat Thermal Interface (TIM) located the of when the heat the TIM. the front I/O The and of front cover from Tricks To to the to the board of each location as the four screws that the heat to the board. screws the of the heat the following photograph.) the heat If the to the the slightly to the heat the the four screws with the four surrounding the screw the screws the corners of the heat tightening screws (screw screw, then the screw located to the first screw). screw another. and each screw each the screws. the heat to the board. the following the instructions the To the front I/O the following the instructions Removing the Disconnect the front and LED from the board. Screws
the front I/O www.emachines.com the front from the front of the the front and LED through the the front of the then the completely.
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com the front I/O from the board. the screw that the front I/O to the the I/O the then the I/O and its from the the location of the through which the threaded. Thread the I/O through the the then the the of the I/O the the front of the the I/O its screw with the screw the front of the then it to the with the screw. the I/O to the the board. Screw
or www.emachines.com or the front through the the the then the back the front and LED to the the board. the following the instructions the To or the following the instructions the If to the If to the screw that the cover to the then to Disconnect that attached to the the screw that the to the the PCI and static-free You gently the to and the the sideways). Screw Screw
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com the the of the Touching the to the the board Tricks To to the to the of each location as from the board. the PCI the with firm, completely. that the the matching the to the with the screw previously. the to the the following the instructions the To the board: the following the instructions Removing the the its each screw that to the then each and them static-free each from the board. the from the board.
the www.emachines.com The heat Thermal Interface (TIM) the to this when the heat from the If the heat the of the the Disconnect the heat from the board. the four screws that the heat to the board. screws the of the heat the following photograph.) the heat If the to the the slightly to the then the of the the of the and static-free Connector Screws
CHAPTER and www.emachines.com The heat Thermal Interface (TIM) located the of when the heat the TIM. the memory from the memory and static-free each from the board, including the front I/O and the the screws that the board to the Three screws top-to-bottom the of the board, three top-to-bottom the of the board, and screw located the of the right of the board. the from the the right of the about inch. the about inch to the right the front of the then and from the the board the that the with the the back of the and that the screw match the screw the each of the board screws previously. to the board. the the that the correctly the the of the with the the of the the the then the back the heat the the four screws with the four surrounding the screw the screws the corners of the heat screws (screw screw, then the screw located to the first screw). screw another. and each screw each the screws. the heat to the board. each the following the instructions the
First Troubleshooting Telephone CHAPTER Troubleshooting
CHAPTER Troubleshooting www.emachines.com To injury, to troubleshoot cords or or the Instead, and technician. and information about troubleshooting, then and Support. the troubleshooting the Search then the arrow. Warning While troubleshooting follow these cover while turned and while the and connected. that correctly grounded internal information about from electricity, Preventing electricity If with these things first: that the AC connected to and AC outlet and that the AC outlet supplying If or protector, that it turned If peripheral (such as or that that If appears the write the The Customer and fixing the If or peripheral the and that each instruction. If the or the
Troubleshooting www.emachines.com Troubleshooting Battery CD or DVD Troubleshooting topics The and that the software. information, the that with Sound The or the CD or DVD that the facing then try Occasionally or become scratched and the CD or DVD If trying to DVD, that DVD To type, types temporary memory and CDs protection software. You to these CDs Clean the information, Cleaning CDs or then the BIOS and holding F1 while that the IDE that the correctly following the instructions the the CD sound that the facing then try CDs protection software. You to these CDs
CHAPTER Troubleshooting www.emachines.com that the turned information, the that the turned off. information, the that the connected correctly and securely. and Clean the information, Cleaning CDs or the DVD that DVD To type, types that the facing then Occasionally or become scratched and the DVD and the information, Cleaning CDs or the that the DVD and DVD that DVD title and reduce To to DVD, the and DVD match. The DVD The the United States and The DVD match the the The the the or If the DVD the and DVD match. The that the connected to AC and turned The and You to or the or write-protected that the write-protection the of the (unprotected). the and that the
Troubleshooting www.emachines.com DVD and information about troubleshooting, then and the the Search then the arrow. Occasionally and the the information, Checking the If and corrected, using the You or protect the write-protection the of the (unprotected). The the and that the Occasionally and the You the Occasionally and the the information, Checking the You or the from the then NTER that the using The LED continuously the from the If the light restarting CD or DVD If DOS or while the HIFT the restored. To Double-click the Right-click the to then The to the where originally from. If the to the restored.
CHAPTER Troubleshooting www.emachines.com when the and information about troubleshooting, then and the the Search then the arrow. You from the instructions Empty the right-clicking the then clicking Empty to another If the to then them from the You This the of the To the instructions fixing Checking the The accessed, or reading C If the and Press C TRL +A LT +D EL to If subjected to electricity or physical shock, to the operating You or the from the then NTER You to the If that the the and the Ethernet Connecting the or to that the correctly. OR If or DSL that the the Ethernet and the Connecting to or DSL or to wired Ethernet or to that the correctly. that account with service (ISP) correctly. ISP technical that with information,
Troubleshooting www.emachines.com and information about troubleshooting, then and the troubleshooting the Search then the arrow. You to host and to the This when typed URL incorrectly, or ISP technical Double-check the URL or URL. If the appears, from the ISP and then and the If the ISP technical Connecting to too factors performance: The of the telephone or telephone service The of the to which and the of users those The complexity of graphics and downloads, and People received Click the that account with service (ISP) correctly. ISP technical The that the correctly. information, the that with and switch boxes. Clean the of with to and the that know to that the the character repeating or or that nothing resting the that Press each to that might then the If the off and the Clean the and to the using If the to
CHAPTER Troubleshooting www.emachines.com The TV factors, such as the type, of the type of used, of of TV, age of the TV, or the type of TV or the significantly: typeThe that offered with the when purchased from Other of including TVs, If when purchased with VGA input the choice. Quality of sourceThe of the the the The from the only as as the and than of usedYou the to TV. the type the The VGA If TV includes VGA the VGA from the VGA to the VGA the TVs VGA If TV VGA includes the from the to the TV The the however, as as VGA Quality of or the incorrect type of and the correctly purchased with the the of TVs this high and or the TV to the to or information about the of motion playback. Although they offer and refresh they to white backgrounds with text motion its Generally,
Troubleshooting www.emachines.com You to to to TV whether VGA or and the the type of You to to TV or DVD the brightness, and You to know whether burn that recorded with to DVD The recorded the.DVR-MS You DVR-MS to DVD with DVD recording software through the You to whether recorded other DVR-MS recorded to DVD replayed another or that DVD and DVD software (such as The XP with Service (SP) or or and the patch Q810243 You to know whether recorded DVD recorded with the played DVD of the TVs usually advanced features, and higher The TV. of TV or TVs Interlaced displays with of The TV first the from top to then the other of the with the TVs this to the the TV when thin and when and the displays with of TV displays the from top to without the This and and the The brighter and
CHAPTER Troubleshooting www.emachines.com Memory and information about troubleshooting, then and the memory the Search then the arrow. Memory You the following Download when the to the You connected to the to the that account and connected to the information about manually the Manually the You Memory third-party to memory You Not enough memory then the memory appear the or that the the and the Ethernet network Connecting the or to that the correctly. that connected to the telephone and the telephone that the than or protectors from telephone then tone telephone the If telephone services such as or that cleared and the telephone service to the to temporarily the service. that the correctly.
Troubleshooting www.emachines.com and information about troubleshooting, then and the the Search then the arrow. To the Disconnect or that the as the these to the as the that or PBX These with (scratchy, crackling, or sounds). that the to abort downloads, or The the the and correctly. to the telephone. (such as the tone the to that that the free from and screws the or You telephone service and the or another telephone house or telephone location). If this service. connecting with the If reducing the telephone service. The telephone too You to the The ISP technical ISP technical the with The with the troubleshooting information 56K 56K FCC rates telephone to 53K. Other factors, such as telephone service or ISP the further. If the which to 33.6K. If the which to 48K. ISP 48K Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the and then the Click the location from which then that correct.
CHAPTER Troubleshooting www.emachines.com and information about troubleshooting, then and the troubleshooting the Search then the arrow. and when 56K only and of The that the connected to the and the Connecting the or to that the correctly. If the the telephone with another that the telephone the telephone, or another the that with telephone and with the and To The when and to to another acquainted the that establishes and You hear sounds when the first If the sounds too the To the Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the and then the Click then The Click the then If information about the appears, the If information white appears with or such as already or the to the Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the and then the Click the to then
Troubleshooting www.emachines.com information, the depth the from the and information about troubleshooting, then and the the Search then the arrow. The Tricks The there that the and turned If the turned the LED should the and to the that the connected to the the back of Check the or the that to The that the least about uniformity. that: Non-shielded too to the The too to another light, shelf, or You the the information there or the thin wire, located of the from the and of the from the to the These wires when the displays white background. The allows light to through the brighter and The of the and the function. Click the then the Click OK to the and
CHAPTER Troubleshooting www.emachines.com information, the and and information about troubleshooting, then and the troubleshooting the Search then the arrow. The text the or to the brightness and the or turn off and them off least hour, then the Tricks the from of interference, such as televisions, microwaves, lights, and beams or shelves. information about types, and The that the correctly. and and switch boxes. know to that the The If the the or becomes to precisely, cleaning the its Clean the the with clean, cloth. that the clean and free of You to Every or information about home, Computer You the other that Ethernet the Ethernet that the other router. that and turned that the router and turned routers lights that they information, the that with router. that the
Troubleshooting www.emachines.com that the If assigned IP to the computers, that IP IP should 192.168.N.N where assign and The first should the and the should The Ethernet and that the software. information, the that with Ethernet Reseat the information, about the information about Ethernet the that with Ethernet Ethernet than If Ethernet than the of each Ethernet Ethernet should Ethernet Ethernet or or Ethernet or of and Ethernet the that C APS LOCK turned off, then the that connected correctly to If protector, that the connected securely to turned and correctly. To the such as the outlet and that the free from or The that the online/offline that to that the AC
CHAPTER Troubleshooting www.emachines.com and information about troubleshooting, then and Support. the troubleshooter the Search then the arrow. The the the and that connected to the that the online/offline that to the Press the to the the or If the to to the that selected the To the the that with instructions the You that the to offline. To that the to offline: to the If or to memory to the the instructions memory. You of that the online/offline that to Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the and The and Right-click the of the to the then as Click then The If and Other Click/Double-click the and The and Right-click the of the to If the shows to to clear the
Telephone www.emachines.com Sound and information about troubleshooting, then and the sound troubleshooter the Search then the arrow. Telephone Customer To to troubleshoot cords or or the If technical with follow these Instead, and technician. Customer You sound from the that the turned that the turned information, the that turned off. information, the If the to that the correctly. information, the Warning that connected correctly to grounded AC that supplying If protector, that turned If peripheral such as or appear to that securely. If recently or software, that to the instructions with If purchase the or software from the and technical If to about the troubleshooting section of this chapter. ID, and with of including the text of and the that the of The follow troubleshooting Printed The Microsoft The software publishers
CHAPTER Troubleshooting www.emachines.com Telephone and information about troubleshooting, then and the the Search then the arrow. You technical through telephone to to Service How to reach to Customer Customer about technical Customer calling) If how-to about using or software, the following The or that with or software. information and found Library. This The software publisher's Customer telephone country or the the front or of
Safety, Regulatory, and Information information information Notices APPENDIX
APPENDIX A: Safety, Regulatory, and Information www.emachines.com information follow these instructions to and to products classified as locations. include of and or To reduce the of fire, AWG or telecommunications cord. and tested to the of information to of this that the instructions the and the followed. Warning and follow instructions the and the and operating instructions this or heat such as the The should operated from the type of indicated the rating If switch, that the switch the The switch the factory to the the or these least inches around the when of the products with three-wire to that the properly grounded when The this only grounding-type This If to the to the If with this that the rating the products the the If with TV or that the or electrically grounded to protection and of charges. the or allow to the The to to eating and products CMOS the board. There of the CMOS incorrectly. the with the or type recommended the of to the instructions. the turned off, amount of flows through the To shock, and from the cleaning the the from the outlet and servicing to The or the The properly when the operating instructions followed. The or the The performance and and recommended Warning Warning
www.emachines.com United States of America or the FCC and authority to the This chemicals, including known to the State of California to or (FCC) FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the to outlet from that to which the connected the or technician The associated with this shielded when connected. These to to with FCC FCC of conformity party: Gateway, Inc. Irvine Irvine, CA US This with of the FCC of this to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. California Warning Warning Telecommunications of the of Regulations (CFR to products with USA with of the of Regulations (CFR On the or that the FCC and (REN) this If this information to the telephone with with this The to connected to the telephone or using which instructions The (REN) to the of which connected to the telephone telephone the to areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone If this to the the telephone that temporary of service required. The that the the The telephone its operations, or procedures that the operation of this If this the telephone to to service. This company-provided service. to service to the or service information. or to numbers: the and to the the reason the such the off-peak hours such as early morning or The United States Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and of the business, other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or to software to comply with the fax-branding
APPENDIX A: Safety, Regulatory, and Information www.emachines.com To shock or malfunction to ground yourself. the inspection authority or as of or or performance of other than those specified this To to beams, to the of CD or DVD protection with TV Industry (IC) Unintentional ICES-003 This the Class from as the interference of Industry Telecommunications Industry CS-03 products with The Industry This that the telecommunications protective, operation, and The the to the users this users should that to connected to the of the telecommunications The using of the associated with service of assembly. The should that with the of service Repairs to should authorized facility the repairs or the to this or malfunctions, the telecommunications to the to the should their own protection, that the ground of the telephone and internal connected together. This areas. Warning The (REN) assigned to each of the of terminals allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the with CD and DVD comply with the including IEC The these classified as Class Products US of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance Should the servicing, authorized service location. Warning grounding If or to to PC, that the or electrically grounded to protection and charges. of the National ANSI/NFPSA information with to grounding of the and grounding of the lead-in to of grounding conductors, location of to grounding and the grounding Lightning protection protection of or when or of the from the outlet and the or
www.emachines.com or should to from touching such or with them information the overhead light or or where such or Warning Reference Grounding service service (NEC H) Ground Grounding conductors (NEC Section (NEC Section Ground lead-in The purchased extracted that the process. This known to to the or to health. To releases of the and to the of the following information responsibly recycle or of the of life and (commonly known as WEEE) should of the The Crossed-Out to this to of of life properly. such as plastics, and compounds highly recoverable, and You the following these or to back to or recycling. of life credit towards the purchase of to this If further recycling, or of life the Customer and to with Finally, that other actions and the features of this (where recycling the and (including this and of or recycling properly. With reduce the amount of to and the of the of of life products, and of that released the and of properly. and grounding
APPENDIX A: Safety, Regulatory, and Information www.emachines.com Notices Copyright Gateway, Inc. Rights Irvine Irvine, CA USA Rights This publication protected copyright and rights of it or transmitted or without writing from Gateway. The information this and to These incorporated editions. Gateway and/or products this publication to Gateway information which appear this the the Gateway www.gateway.com Gateway indirect, exemplary, or from or this of the of such the of Gateway the right to this and the products without or obligation. Acknowledgments and the Black-and-White or of Inc. the U.S. and other SpotShop, Spotshop.com, and Your:)Ware of Gateway, Inc. and and MMX of Corporation. Microsoft, MS, MS-DOS, and or of Microsoft Corporation. other only, and the or of their respective If DVD and TV the following This incorporates copyright protection that protected of U.S. and other property rights Corporation and other rights owners. of this copyright protection authorized Corporation, and and other only otherwise authorized Corporation. or prohibited.
www.emachines.com AC shared accounts ISP activity to arrow AU headphone microphone recording CD to track information CD playback AVI background broadband connecting broadband and buttons and buttons C connecting to memory memory memory troubleshooting troubleshooting memory of memory closing CD to cleaning creating creating creating editing information troubleshooting CD locating troubleshooting memory of Authenticity cleaning CD CD DVD LCD clicking closing front of router TCP/IP connecting PS/2 PS/2 to Ethernet to Ethernet to to to Ethernet headphone IEEE memory microphone
www.emachines.com (VGA) PS/2 PS/2 telephone USB VGA copying and text and graphics creating shortcuts CD DVD WMA and text and graphics and shortcuts background of selecting DHCP USB IEEE DIMM memory from troubleshooting troubleshooting troubleshooting and creating double-clicking downloading CD free DVD CD DVD troubleshooting and DSL connecting DVD cleaning creating creating troubleshooting DVD locating troubleshooting information (ESD) from IP Ethernet connecting Ethernet creating
www.emachines.com Ethernet and from cover template troubleshooting copying downloading recovering searching troubleshooting and finding and topics and firewall copying creating recovering searching front front I/O function Ethernet and troubleshooting headphone heat and searching Hibernate IEEE front memory account broadband buttons connecting to downloading to to from troubleshooting service (ISP) connecting to from account from IP LAN WAN ISP service buttons cleaning features PS/2 troubleshooting USB shortcuts and buttons arrow playback function
Index www.emachines.com Microsoft of Authenticity LAN IP LCD cleaning troubleshooting lights cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning protecting from Scheduled McAfee SecurityCenter memory troubleshooting memory locating memory using microphone Microsoft Wordpad Microsoft of Authenticity MIDI DSL protecting from troubleshooting cleaning troubleshooting using buttons cleaning clicking double-clicking and PS/2 right-clicking selecting troubleshooting USB from from from MP3 creating information MP3 memory MPEG CD DVD recording DVD building copying sound router testing troubleshooting NTSC/PAL
www.emachines.com front shortcut and text and graphics PDA memory peripheral CD DVD CD and IEEE USB Hibernate Standby/Resume troubleshooting turning off turning UPS supply troubleshooting USB closing closing PS/2 with RAM memory locating troubleshooting recording CD recovering and and emptying recovering and telephone peripheral software and and restarting restoring and right-clicking router troubleshooting reducing electricity of cleaning troubleshooting information selecting Search searching and searching and Security XP security shortcut shortcuts to closing
www.emachines.com closing copying and and selecting items selecting items switching or software sound Sound recordings recording electricity (TV) switch selection TCP/IP technical Technical telephone and from cover template telephone telephone DVD TV with testing title from from from from to troubleshooting CD cleaning CD cleaning DVD DVD DVD/CD LCD memory memory technical telephone turning off turning fee-based (UPS) security UPS USB VGA to creating editing to shared protecting with Security selection switch
www.emachines.com troubleshooting WAN IP WAV to downloading closing title and Product Search Security building creating creating WMA information to CD TV to editing to Security Security using wired troubleshooting WMA creating track information Wordpad World (WWW) downloading
www.emachines.com
www.emachines.com XP Nous Microsoft. DSL Ethernet toute Protection Activation hors
www.emachines.com Affichage Consultation Introduction Ethernet Ethernet Attribution TCP/IP Ethernet Affichage
www.emachines.com CD DVD Insertion CD DVD WAV CD DVD informations CD DVD CD DVD
www.emachines.com Protection Protection Activation XP Protection McAfee SecurityCenter XP Security Microsoft
www.emachines.com CD DVD E/S Directives CD DVD
www.emachines.com Informations relatives Index DVD Souris Son service
Nous Microsoft. CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Nous Nous performances services Nous offrir service service service Nous toute offre informations www.emachines.com/support
www.emachines.com inclut d'informations relatives informations tous
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Microsoft Microsoft afficher XP XP activer s'affiche
www.emachines.com informations bouton informations
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Microsoft. informations service information Microsoft inclut CD DVD activer
DSL Ethernet CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com options option) IEEE option) USB option) CD DVD type CD, CD DVD DVD informations section USB USB (Universal option) photo, informations, Installation USB option) informations option) S/No: microphone
www.emachines.com IEEE IEEE option) IEEE broches. informations, option) microphone microphone rouge informations MP3, PDA informations, hors bouton bouton informations
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com options PS/2 PS/2 microphone PS/2 PS/2 PS/2 PS/2 informations, USB USB option) informations, section IEEE option) Ethernet
www.emachines.com recommandons AWG informations, USB USB (Universal USB option) photo, informations, microphone option) IEEE IEEE option) IEEE broches. informations, Ethernet brancher PBX. microphone rouge Ethernet DSL
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com DSL Ethernet Ethernet informations Ethernet section Ethernet choses DSL, DSL Ethernet Ethernet
www.emachines.com informations IEEE USB (Universal informations section IEEE USB charge plug-and-play IEEE USB tout plug-and-play. informations buts. chose Son, OU Sound Sound
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com
toute hors CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com toute recommandations tout inconfort indirect focaliser focaliser corps.
toute www.emachines.com avachir. hanches torse
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Protection Un fournie Un (UPS) fournit Un bloc fournir V. trombone
www.emachines.com Activation d'informations bouton hors hors Nous recommandons bouton instructions instructions bouton hors
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com bouton C TRL +A LT +S UPPR Applications fonction
www.emachines.com fonction touches boutons. active. boutons fonction boutons touches fonction touches fonction. boutons boutons touches fin fin touches ERR UM ERR AJ RRT DFIL touche activer fonction. touches touches touches touche
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com touches touches ERR UM boutons tous
www.emachines.com d'informations instructions d'informations instructions bouton OU boutons informations, click, and bouton bouton bouton bouton bouton section bouton
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com
XP raccourcis CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE XP www.emachines.com informations fonction bouton bouton boutons bouton bouton fichiers, bouton fichiers, instructions
www.emachines.com informations Security Security fichiers, bouton affiche Tous afficher tous affiche
CHAPITRE XP www.emachines.com informations Tous bouton (C:) (C:) affiche
www.emachines.com informations Affichage informations fonction informations informations Un (C:) (A:). CD DVD. bouton active bouton bouton bouton active tout bouton bouton active
CHAPITRE XP www.emachines.com afficher afficher Afficher informations fichiers.
www.emachines.com informations tout informations. (C:) (A:). Afficher Afficher Afficher NTRE informations d'informations, Affichage bouton Un s'affiche bouton
CHAPITRE XP www.emachines.com informations informations fichiers d'informations, Affichage bouton Un s'affiche bouton bout Sous tout tous raccourcis instructions
www.emachines.com informations affiche instructions tous
CHAPITRE XP www.emachines.com type Tous affichera tous affichera tous
www.emachines.com informations affiche options options type
CHAPITRE XP www.emachines.com informations Afficher Afficher
www.emachines.com fichiers. Microsoft WordPad. WordPerfect, Microsoft Word Microsoft d'informations Tous WordPad Microsoft WordPad boutons
CHAPITRE XP www.emachines.com informations bouton tout
www.emachines.com informations informations bouton d'informations d'informations options OK
CHAPITRE XP www.emachines.com informations flche. tableau d'informations raccourcis, C TRL touche C TRL AJ UPPR F2 NTRE LT F4 active C TRL C C TRL touche AJ LT AB
CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com informations services (World DSL Subscriber services (FSI). informations ISP FSI. Un DSL DSL Ethernet offrent Un services fournit services FSI services Un affiche informations Microsoft informations, Un Microsoft informations,
www.emachines.com informations services informations services (FSI). service FSI inclure ISDN ADSL PPP services services fournir instructions DSL, FSI service type service, FSI FSI. d'informations. informations afficher Microsoft animations, Un achats,
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Un services (FSI), d'informations fonction affiche URL Universal www.emachines.com OK OU
www.emachines.com informations McAfee SecurityCenter. informations, Protection informations affiche s'afficher. s'affichent. fichiers OK OU informations, instructions fichier instructions
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com fichiers, d'informations, toute service offert tout services (FSI) FSI. services
www.emachines.com Consultation McAfee SecurityCenter. informations, Protection informations services Envoyer/Recevoir d'informations
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com
Introduction Ethernet CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Introduction Ethernet Un Ethernet type Ethernet Ethernet L'Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet DHCP DHCP IP
Introduction www.emachines.com Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet tous Ethernet tous Ethernet tous Ethernet Un l'achat tout IP IP. Ethernet Tous Ethernet Un DSL, Ethernet Ethernet Un Ethernet tout DSL
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Ethernet Ethernet services (FSI). FSI FSI instructions Ethernet Ethernet Performances Ethernet type d'Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet instructions informations section toute services
Ethernet www.emachines.com Attribution Tous TCP/IP Performances Performances tous tout OK Un Nous recommandons TCP/IP (LAN) XP, TCP/IP Termes DHCP DHCP IP IP IP Un tous
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com DHCP TCP/IP IP DHCP DHCP, bouton OU instructions (TCP/IP) TCP/IP, afficher (TCP/IP)
Ethernet www.emachines.com Ethernet type attaches IP OK (TCP/IP) OK tous Nous recommandons type type RJ-45 broches) DSL), recommandons Un IP fournir protection
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com WAN). WAN DSL s'allumer WAN Ethernet DSL. WAN
Ethernet www.emachines.com informations EtherFast toute TCP/IP, instructions services (FSI) DHCP. EtherFast NTRE fournir OK champs informations DHCP Activer bouton DSL, informations, section FSI IP Nous recommandons IP FSI IP IP FSI IP IP FSI.
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com instructions tout tous hors DSL, informations services DVD) Afficher bouton tout
www.emachines.com activer instructions s'affichent OU OK bouton OK
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Affichage informations bouton OK Afficher afficher Tout Tout Tout tout Microsoft tous Tous
www.emachines.com Z. section Affichage bouton bouton
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com CD bouton OK informations section USB informations, instructions fournies
CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com fournir informations botes Informations Microsoft instructions DSL. services Microsoft Services Microsoft Microsoft XP OU informations informations, Microsoft Tous
www.emachines.com Nous Informations informations Activer ID (TSID) informations informations Nous
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com informations informations Tous Informations
www.emachines.com tous fournis Microsoft champs d'information Tous OK
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com bouton instructions section fourni bouton inclure champs champs Insertion Insertion inclure informations inclure
www.emachines.com instructions section afficher Tous afficher Tous bouton
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Afficher OU bouton tentatives. OK Afficher OU affichage bouton OK
CD DVD CD DVD CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com PDA, MP3 Insertion SM Memory Memory PRO option) CompactFlash IBM E: F:) type
CD DVD www.emachines.com CD DVD bouton E:), type CD CD CD-RW CD CD. CD DVD/CD-RW CD DVD. DVD CD DVD DVD+RW CD DVD, DVD+R DVD+RW.
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Insertion CD DVD CD protection CD monoface type CD DVD bouton CD DVD. bouton DVD R/RW CD DVD, DVD+R, DVD+RW, DVD-R DVD-RW. DVD+RW CD DVD, DVD+R couche. couche DVD, DVD DVD-RAM DVD-RAM.
www.emachines.com botes section botes VGA charge VGA fourni bouton bouton OK
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com TV botes section botes activer DVD. DVD protection RCA Affichage
www.emachines.com boutons Activer TV TV Affichages bouton Activer TV Activer TV TV
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com TV Affichages OK
www.emachines.com DVD, informations (A/V) Fonctions (A/V) raccourci DVD.
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Fonctions TV CD DVD. informations bouton OK bouton boutons option OK informations services Toutefois, bouton OK TV OK OK OK OK
www.emachines.com d'informations Son, Sons OK Son, Sons Sons
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com OK d'informations
www.emachines.com WAV WAV. WAV WAV Tous WAV, MIDI, MP3, AU, AVI MPEG. d'informations
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com CD DVD CD protection CD DVD, DVD. DVD accessories.gateway.com. d'informations CD DVD, CD DVD Tous Raccourci CD DVD Un CD CD CD Un DVD CD DVD DVD DVD CD DVD CD DVD. d'informations Informations
www.emachines.com CD DVD CD DVD fonction. Raccourci CD DVD CD DVD. CD DVD s'affiche, OU CD DVD s'affiche, Tous
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com d'informations DVD Tous DVD DVD fonction. Tous s'affichent. DVD DVD, DVD DVD fichiers WAV, MP3 WMA. WAV WAV. WAV informations WAV, WAV
www.emachines.com d'informations WAV microphone microphone microphone, relative Tous microphone.
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com CD protection CD. WMA MP3 CD WMA MP3. WMA MP3 compacts WMA .WMA MP3 .MP3 WMA MP3 CD CD DVD. CD s'affiche, OU CD s'affiche, Format d'informations fichiers, Informations MP3
www.emachines.com WMA MP3 informations CD CD CD WMA. MP3 WMA options informations MP3 WMA MP3 WMA CD WMA MP3 WMA MP3 informations relatives
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com d'informations informations Tous bouton bote informations OK informations instructions IEEE d'informations Un d'informations
www.emachines.com instructions s'affiche, OU s'affiche, Tous
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com fonction instructions d'informations fin d'informations Sous CD CD DV
CD DVD www.emachines.com CD DVD CD protection MP3, WAV WMA CD CD CD informations, CD CD Nous recommandons CD DVD. CD DVD infraction CD CD CD Tous CD CD DVD. OK
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com DVD DVD DVD DVD XP Service (SP) Q810243 Nous recommandons CD DVD. CD DVD infraction toutes OK DVD DVD DVD DVD-R DVD-RW DVD. bouton CD/DVD
www.emachines.com DVD OK invites DVD. d'informations, WMA MP3 d'informations, instructions microphone. microphone microphone microphone,
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Tous microphone.
CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com informations L' affiche. performances Nous recommandons tout Affichage
www.emachines.com informations informations bouton OK l'affichage. Affichage bote OK
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com botes Affichage bouton OK s'affichent OU bouton OK OK s'affichent
www.emachines.com informations fournit Affichage OU tout bouton tout bouton OK
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com type informations fournit Affichage bouton OK bouton
www.emachines.com informations charge afficher activer bouton
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com informations Souris OK
www.emachines.com informations options Performances options bouton OU bouton Extinction OK
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com informations Activation d'affecter bouton affichage Performances options bouton OK toutes informations (RAM) informations
www.emachines.com informations activer Performances options Activer option OK options bouton touche AJ OU options option
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com informations (UPS), Performances options OK
CHAPITRE Protection
CHAPITRE Protection www.emachines.com XP informations toutes fichiers. BIOS
www.emachines.com d'informations XP. Protection d'informations protection Un McAfee tous Microsoft Word McAfee protection Security fournir protection d'informations
CHAPITRE Protection www.emachines.com McAfee SecurityCenter McAfee SecurityCenter McAfee SecurityCenter McAfee service McAfee McAfee Service d'informations service offensif McAfee (phishing). McAfee VirusScan, McAfee Firewall McAfee McAfee Service activer McAfee Service services, McAfee SecurityCenter
www.emachines.com McAfee SecurityCenter McAfee SecurityCenter Tous McAfee McAfee Security McAfee SecurityCenter McAfee SecurityCenter.
CHAPITRE Protection www.emachines.com McAfee SecurityCenter options d'analyse. McAfee SecurityCenter toutes instructions McAfee SecurityCenter. McAfee SecurityCenter s'affiche McAfee SecurityCenter.
www.emachines.com XP Security Security protection options Security Security d'informations Security Security
CHAPITRE Protection www.emachines.com XP XP, Microsoft Custom
www.emachines.com XP Security XP Security toutes Security OK
CHAPITRE Protection www.emachines.com informations
Protection fichiers CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE Protection www.emachines.com informations section fournit tout CD DVD, Nous recommandons Microsoft Microsoft tout tout XP, d'informations d'informations
www.emachines.com CD, CD-R CD-RW. DVD, DVD-R DVD+R DVD-RW DVD+RW. fonction CD-R DVD-R DVD+R. Tous CD Un ISO ISO ISO CD/DVD Un
CHAPITRE Protection www.emachines.com type OK ISO OK Tous CD Un ISO ISO
www.emachines.com (ISO) T2862 T2862 CD, CD-R CD-RW. DVD, DVD-R DVD+R DVD-RW DVD+RW. ISO OK ISO OK ISO CD CD ISO DVD DVD (ISO)
CHAPITRE Protection www.emachines.com type (ISO) (ISO) DVD, DVD+R DVD-R service service fournir service instructions tous tout OU Microsoft OU tout
www.emachines.com instructions Tous OU CD DVD. touche C TRL s'affiche applications. instructions Microsoft
CHAPITRE Protection www.emachines.com Microsoft Microsoft toutes Microsoft Microsoft F1 Microsoft XP
www.emachines.com tous instructions Microsoft instructions. tous CD DVD tous USB
CHAPITRE Protection www.emachines.com tous tous tous Tous OU F11 CD/DVD option Formater tous USB. XP. option tous option
CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Nous recommandons tout tous tableau XP toute Nous Un Un cotons-tiges Un CD DVD
www.emachines.com Un ACL tout toute touches. ACL affichage
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com informations CD DVD Un fournit informations section Tous instructions informations
www.emachines.com Tous fournit bouton informations s'affichent.
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com informations flche. bouton (C:), type informations OK
www.emachines.com informations recommandons bouton (C:), options F1 instructions s'affichent OK
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com fichiers, arrive informations affecte performances informations performances bouton (C:),
www.emachines.com informations informations marche marche, informations Nous recommandons CD DVD informations, Tous
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com informations informations instructions s'affichent d'affichage, Tous CD DVD USB informations, sections informations, sections Sous XP, affiche
www.emachines.com informations OU Sous C:\ affiche .DOC .XLS. Sous XP, OU Sous type fichiers, informations, section type termine .DOC, .TXT, .RTF, .HTM, .HTML, .DOT .XLS, .XLT, .TXT .JPG, .BMP, .GIF, .PDF, .PCT, .TIF, .PNG, .EPS .MPEG, .MPG, .AVI, .GIF, .MOV Son .WAV, .CDA, .MP3, .MID, .MIDI, .WMA
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com informations FSI services (FSI) FSI fourni FSI FSI MSN FSI, FSI, Tous Communications instructions s'affichent informations tous informations Microsoft informations, charge
www.emachines.com informations informations USB USB USB. hors instructions s'affichent OU instructions s'affichent informations recommandons
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com fourni informations tout
CD DVD E/S CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com fournit protection fixation toucher instructions tous
www.emachines.com toute
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com OU
www.emachines.com
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com type DIMM. DIMM, instructions section DIMM OU DIMM
www.emachines.com Un DIMM s'enclencher instructions section s'affiche. Performances BIOS touche F1 BIOS instructions section
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com CD DVD tournevis CD DVD. s'enclenche instructions section BIOS tous BIOS. CD DVD, instructions section instructions section
CD DVD www.emachines.com instructions section instructions section
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com astuces tournevis CD DVD. instructions section instructions section USB
www.emachines.com hors USB instructions section instructions section instructions section
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com hors
www.emachines.com instructions section instructions section
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com tournevis instructions section bloc instructions section tous
www.emachines.com thermique tournevis bloc bloc bloc bloc instructions section instructions section
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com d'interface hors d'interface E/S instructions section E/S instructions section
E/S www.emachines.com DEL DEL
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com E/S E/S E/S E/S hors E/S E/S E/S E/S
www.emachines.com DEL instructions section instructions section cache tous PCI
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Tout PCI instructions section instructions section
www.emachines.com hors thermique
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com d'interface tous E/S tous thermique, instructions section
Directives CHAPITRE
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com Directives toute fiches d'informations d'informations fournit toutes service instruction.
www.emachines.com CD DVD d'informations, Son CD/DVD CD DVD. DVD, DVD. type CD protection CD d'informations, CD DVD BIOS touche F1 IDE instructions Un CD CD protection CD
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com fonction. informations, informations, d'informations, CD DVD Un DVD DVD. type DVD. d'informations, CD DVD DVD DVD DVD DVD DVD, DVD DVD DVD DVD DVD protection
www.emachines.com DVD d'informations IBM. informations, Protection s'affiche protection IBM. informations, s'affiche NTRE IBM. CD DVD Un DOS touche AJ bouton
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com tous d'informations instructions bouton tous instructions C C TRL +A LT +S UPPR s'affiche NTRE affiche OU DSL, Ethernet DSL Ethernet affiche services (FSI) service FSI. d'informations.
www.emachines.com d'informations flche. URL inexact, FSI services (FSI) FSI performances service On bouton services (FSI) FSI. d'informations, tous botes touches. Un touche touche
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com type d'affichage, type d'affichage, type d'affichageL'affichage offerts VGA Un offrent type VGA VGA, VGA VGA VGA VGA. VGA VGA. basse type incorrect affecter Un charge informations offrent L'affichage
www.emachines.com VGA fonction type TV DVD d'affichage. DVD .DVR-MS. DVR-MS DVD DVD Un fichier DVR/MS DVD DVD DVD XP Service (SP) Q810243 DVD DVD DVD charge affiche affiche tout Un affiche Un affiche toute offre
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com d'informations s'affiche informations tous Ethernet. affiche tous branchant services tous service service.
www.emachines.com d'informations tout PBX tout toutes service service service FSI FSI. l'information FCC services FSI, Kbit/s. FSI tous
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com d'informations affiche fourni tous l'information information
www.emachines.com informations, d'informations flche. DEL fonction d'informations affiche offre OK
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com d'informations, Souris d'informations d'affichage. fours d'informations d'affichage, tous botes bouge toute service dinformations Ethernet Ethernet tous d'informations, tous
www.emachines.com tous IP tous IP IP N.N tous tous Ethernet d'informations, fournie d'informations d'informations Ethernet Ethernet tous Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet ERR .M AJ toute tous Bon bouton tension/hors
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com d'informations Bon bouton tension/hors appuyer bouton fourni instructions hors hors fichiers instructions bouton bouton affiche hors
www.emachines.com Son d'informations service toute fiches Bon bouton tension/hors appuyer fonction. informations, informations, informations, recommandations service tous toute instructions
CHAPITRE www.emachines.com d'informations section ID tous service Service toute fournis fournie informations fourni Microsoft service toute service service
Informations relatives Informations Informations ANNEXE
ANNEXE A: Informations relatives www.emachines.com Informations instructions incluent installations AWG toute instructions toutes instructions marche. fiche type fiche TV, protection charges CMOS Un CMOS hors tous fiche Un performance
www.emachines.com FCC Californie (FCC), FCC FCC. protection hors FCC. FCC Gateway, Inc. Irvine Irvine, CA US FCC. toute Californie of Regulations (CFR of Regulations (CFR FCC (REN) information fournie fiche (REN) REN REN REN, service installations, affecter service service services publics d'informations. United States Telephone Consumer Protection conformer
ANNEXE A: Informations relatives www.emachines.com service l'inspection radiations. CD DVD. Protection TV TV) ICES-003 (IC) This the Class from as the interference regulations of Industry d'homologation CS-03 IC) L'homologation protection service installations service service Toutes service Toutes services publics (REN) borne fournit bornes interface interface REN tous Tous CD DVD IEC of Health and Services (DHHS). service protection charges National ANSI/NFPSA fournit informations
www.emachines.com toucher Tout Informations Protection protection tout tout service services (NEC, H) (NEC, Section (NEC, Section fabrication. fournit informations recycler fin fin fin l'achat
ANNEXE A: Informations relatives www.emachines.com recyclage, fin service appuyer actions recyclant botes recyclant batteries. fin Copyright Gateway, Inc. Tous Irvine Irvine, CA USA Tous publication copyright tous Toute Gateway. informations Gateway tout informations inexactes Gateway www.gateway.com Gateway indirects, Gateway Gateway tout obligation. Gateway Black-and-White Inc., SpotShop, Spotshop.com Your:)Ware Gateway, Inc. MMX Corporation. Microsoft, MS, MS-DOS Microsoft Corporation. Tous DVD protection copyright Corporation Corporation, fin Corporation.
www.emachines.com IP IP IP affichage bouton hors photo USB microphone bouton bouton bouton bouton boutons touches boutons boutons boutons C IEEE insertion charge CD insertion
www.emachines.com informations CD informations CD Microsoft. boutons PS/2 USB bouton FSI TCP/IP Ethernet PS/2 PS/2 photo PS/2 Ethernet IEEE microphone (VGA) PS/2 USB VGA fichiers CD DVD WMA fichiers CD DVD DVD/CD CD DVD ACL
Index www.emachines.com DHCP DIMM DVD insertion CD IP Ethernet installation Ethernet Microsoft. Ethernet bouton bouton bouton AU AVI MIDI MP3 informations MPEG WAV WMA informations services (FSI)
www.emachines.com FSI services Ethernet USB photo boutons charge CD DVD MP3 WMA CD informations affichage CD CD DVD DVD CD CD DVD protection
www.emachines.com McAfee SecurityCenter Microsoft WordPad hors DSL protection DSL informations CD DVD CD CD DVD ACL l'information (UPS) ACL E/S PDA and charge IEEE
www.emachines.com USB IEEE PS/2 USB VGA microphone NTSC/PAL TCP/IP fichiers, raccourcis RAM installation Security XP (TV) boutons bouton fichiers, PS/2 USB fichiers annulation annulation
www.emachines.com DVD TV touche touches touches fonction touches touches boutons fonction touches toute UPS protection Security Security Security WordPad World (WWW)
www.emachines.com
MAN EM HW REF GDE FRCA R0