PM PC
PM
PM Chapter Thank purchasing the and Contacting Chapter the the to the items Working with and Creating Copying and and and Searching the Search Browsing and Working with Creating Shortcuts Chapter the and Learning about the account Accessing account the World Connecting to Downloading Checking and Scan cover template or from Canceling and Chapter and Creating and
PM and Creating and Creating Building Editing information Creating CDs and Creating CD Creating DVD Creating and copying Creating the Chapter Introduction to should know Ethernet Wired Ethernet Wireless Ethernet Ethernet Testing to the Bluetooth Chapter Protecting security security and accounts Protecting from Norton Security Security Chapter and the appearance of and backgrounds Selecting
PM sounds and accounts power-saving the the Ease of and Restricting Restricting Creating activity reports Notices www.emachines.com
PM
PM the and Chapter
PM Thank purchasing You choosing that pleased with the reliability, and performance of and the and through the to that with the Please this to with software features. to customersto best-of-class service and to high-quality, brand-name If knowledgeable, service with fast, service. sincerely that the and from years to Thanks from of the hours and the specifications, and information about the www.emachines.com/ and includes and easily of information, troubleshooters, and and to about and to and the features of To and Support: Click then and and Chapter You information clicking topic selecting option or from Information from Microsoft You search topic.
PM Contacting The information that and Customer this information If information to If connected to the information research topic or learn to while using the You information selecting topic from or clicking the the and selecting from the information the to which search about their software, and where and www.emachines.com or phrase the Search located the top of and then NTER each search, of topics. To the the that closely matches Additional the first To Click then and and the and type the Search then NTER The -OR- If connected to the then type the Search
PM Chapter
PM the with and Searching with Shortcuts Chapter
PM the the first the The the top of Think of the as where and other information about the then and the Search then NTER from this The the the and the The the the of the containing the the and clock the right. Other buttons the that Click the to the Chapter The to and other and and Click the then or clicking item the that The where and that You the to them from instructions to the and The Security appear the the clock. The appearance to when the security below the recommended or when Double-click this to the Security information, security
PM the information about the then and the Search then NTER You search and and the www.emachines.com To the Shortcut Click the of the The showing the first of items. Click to and the If item with the and appear. Click or to
PM to the information about the then and the Search then NTER You to (shortcut) to the that frequently. To to the Shortcut right-click To shortcut) then Click Right-click the right the that to to the Click To then shortcut) shortcut that appears the items information about then and the Search then NTER the or the This shows the (C:) which the (C:) the Chapter Search
PM Every because each its and include these items: www.emachines.com item The title the the top of that the title. The Search search or phrase the Clicking the reduces the active to the Clicking the the the Clicking the expands the active to the Clicking the the to its Clicking the the active or Clicking item the action such as or
PM with and You and to would information You these and and the information as would and throw information information about and then and and the Search then NTER they and than Each usually (C:) the You such as CD or DVD To the and Click then Double-click the Creating the They and other spreadsheets, and picturesthat fact, information Chapter
PM information about Shortcuts Copying and and The whatever or or Then the the information only. Therefore, of or than as as or or the or from the The to and copying and and or of the or the which temporarily Then, when what the to (the there. and or the or from its location and the or the where the or to there. www.emachines.com To Shortcut Click New type Click then the Double-click the where to the Typically, (C:) and (A:) If to existing the existing Click then New The created. the then NTER The appears the To or to another the or to information, and Searching Right-click the right the or that to the Click Copy the the With the the right-click. Click of the or appears the location. information about copying and or or then and copying and or and the Search then NTER To or to another the or to information, and Searching Right-click the right the or that to the Click the the
PM With the the right-click. Click The or appears its location and from its location. and throw and them from the and them Eventually the emptied. throw and first them to the the where they to the You recover the as as the emptied. To or the or the or that to instructions to and Shortcuts Click then the and to the To recover or from the Double-click the The and the and thrown Click the or that to instructions to and Shortcuts Click the or to their locations. Chapter If the to Searching
PM Searching If or or of or that characteristics where they the Search and found this copied, or directly from the the the Search www.emachines.com To the Emptying the permanently or the These restored. Double-click the the The Click Empty the that to the Click permanently the Recycle information about emptying the Recycle then and emptying the the Search then NTER To and the Search: Click then Search The Search If to search or type or of the or the Search the top right of the If type of the Search and of that If type of the Search of the and containing the typed. or double-clicking the the information about searching and then and searching the Search then NTER
PM advanced search options Search than You search selecting the search options that You search the: or of Creation type Author Text the which created or You search to searches. and found using this or directly from the the Browsing and or that rarely right top of It usually that another and and the as that they than fact). usually to search through of to the or that This To Click then Computer The Double-click the or that think the or that to double-clicking and their the or Chapter information about and then and and the Search then NTER
PM Working with include spreadsheet or other The of creating, and apply to of these of The following to and using Microsoft WordPad. apply to other such as WordPerfect Microsoft Word, and Microsoft information about its Creating to to www.emachines.com To Click then WordPad Microsoft WordPad and the and the top of the to the To Click then The Click to the then the where to the the Click information about then and the Search then NTER
PM To or existing first to the the that created To the Click then Click to the then the to Double-click the The To connected to or to information about or the To that the turned and with the and the Click then The the options, then The Chapter information about then and the Search then NTER information about then and the Search then NTER
PM Shortcuts information about shortcuts, then and shortcuts the Search then NTER The following shows shortcuts that and that information about shortcuts, or www.emachines.com To... this... Copy or graphic Click the then C TRL C or Click the or where graphic to the then C TRL items or Click the first and the C TRL then each of the items. Select Click the first item the and items or the HIFT then the item the Permanently or Click the or then HIFT ELETE The or permanently The or the or Click the or F2 type the then NTER the active or Press LT F4 Switch to or Press LT AB
PM Chapter
PM Learning about the account the World and Scan and Chapter the and
PM Learning about the The of together to information to people everywhere. The services the and the World You this to telephone, DSL Subscriber or and with service (ISP). If to the that to other or telephone, DSL, or built-in and DSL to through Ethernet and than telephone service that to the through ISP to ISP, the ISP the and telephone of service locally. browsera that displays information from the World Microsoft included with information, the World that and the Microsoft or included with information, account the information the World to account with service (ISP). To ISP service or to existing account to this the ISP directly. those telephone to to the This include ordinary telephone ISDN and ADSL PPP, or other to temporary to the charges (with both telephone and service often increase the to the To the service, that only to the and then when finished. service instructions to to and from the and DSL known as broadband, or telephone to to ISP and the instances, broadband always-connected service. With this type of service, the of the amount of Chapter the and information other from the ISP to the and to the through ISP.
PM Accessing account information about accounts, then and ISP the Search then NTER The to account from ISP to ISP. ISP the the World The World to the that to of information Information the to which that You of the browsers, Microsoft or animations, and other features. of related You to shop, the and You or other clicking or or or animated You the If the to hand, the item To learn about the features, the Connecting to account with service (ISP), the information the World slowly. The that displays the complexity of the and other Additionally, the of www.emachines.com To to to account. the to to account, to Click then showing or To to type the URL the www.emachines.com then GO the OR On the to information about connecting to then and to the Search then NTER The the the to and displays the the that requested.
PM Downloading To that the information, Protecting from Downloading the of from the to To or from to account. the type the of the that the or to then NTER or the where to the information, with and Click the the the that to Follow the instructions the the that of the to The that to the to and the that created. or the downloaded double-clicking If follow the instructions the to or the information about downloading then and downloading the Search then NTER to who and free service of account. The arrive consists of the and the of the service (ISP) or that hosts that assigned when account with ISP. with account with might that to this To to service Click then Click the of the to to the To the and OR Click to to the containing the that to
PM Checking information about then and the Search then NTER information about and the and Scan and Scan with or Editions. the optional built-in You to although to or If whether built-in the information that with If follow the instructions attaching to that the turned proceeding. which include information, when to the first from this You or or DSL following these instructions. services that or broadband and You telephone to to the while and and Scan and www.emachines.com the of the the such as photographs, to information, the finished, the to the specified. To to service Click then Click Double-click the to read. To from software. information, Protecting from To Click then and Scan and Scan If and Scan Scan the of the
PM If this New the The Click the type of using or The Choose the of the the then Next The Choose to Click to then Unblock when the The Security The New Chapter the and
PM location information, then OK The www.emachines.com then the Cover clicking the arrow and selecting from the The Information information the provided, then OK The New To optional information, and from the If New from the The Location Information
PM Highlight location, then The Location Complete the location information, then OK You to the Click OK The New or the information to then cover template You own cover template that of the cover templates that and Scan To the On this information that both the and the when To cover Click then and Scan and Scan If and Scan Scan the of the Chapter the and
PM or from Canceling You that to the www.emachines.com Click then New The If to include that from the or the (such as To or them to the the then them to the You the to include information that (such as of or and If to include text that appears cover (such as or the text type text of then the to the If to include that appears cover to the then the and to the To cover then The with cover already the the cover template then To or to directly from Scan the the or the created Click then The Click the arrow to the then the Click The Complete the following the instructions or or from To that Click then and Scan and Scan If and Scan Scan the of the Click then right-click the to
PM Click to the Click and To and Click then and Scan and Scan If and Scan Scan the of the To Inbox then the to The where and the Chapter the and
PM and Creating and Creating CDs and Creating and copying Chapter and Creating
PM and and of and including WAV, MIDI, MP3, AU, AVI, and MPEG information about To using Click then Click then the to Chapter and Creating Shortcut the the Playback
PM that to and write CDs, and CDs protection software. You to these CDs information about then and the Search then NTER to to CDs or or information about using www.emachines.com Click of the following to playback: the playback of the the playlist. the reaches the Stop playback and the to the the (when and or to the previous the playlist (when Pause/Play and playback. forwards the (when and or to the the playlist (when the To Shortcut that the turned or headphones and that the turned the Pause/Play
PM If and what the to with the and the If the already Chapter and Creating If automatically, then Playback
PM Creating and Creating information about or recording, then and recording or the Search then NTER You of including WAV, MP3, and WMA Recording Sound that and information about and www.emachines.com Click of the following to playback: Stop the playback of the the the reaches the and the to the the (when and or to the the (when and playback. the (when and or to the the (when the To Shortcut Sound microphone of the microphone the location of the microphone Reference Click then Sound The Sound Recording then or other sounds the microphone. Click Pause/Play
PM recording, Stop Recording The the recording, the type and location where to the recording, then The recording Creating WMA and MP3 CDs protection software. You from copy-protected CDs. the from CD to computers as WMA or MP3 WMA and MP3 high-fidelity without noticeably WMA the WMA and MP3 the MP3 To WMA or MP3 Click then Right-click the Rip Format then or to the CD Click the Rip The Rip Click to clear the to record, then Rip records the tracks to appears to each as recorded. Chapter and Creating information about from CDs, the Rip then with
PM Building to library. You MP3 or WMA and information to You to by: Editing track information WMA or MP3 to library, the tracks (informational www.emachines.com Creating MP3 or WMA filesWhen MP3 or WMA from the CD, these to library. and and from or to the library. the process, WMA and MP3 become If try downloading the Downloading from the connected to the WMA and MP3 that to library. To information: Click then Click the Right-click the or to then Advanced The Advanced track information such as and then OK The information appears the library.
PM Creating CDs and Creating CD that other while creating CDs or If copyrighted CD or DVD, from the copyright owner. copyright and to of and other If about rights, Creating CD To CD Click then writable CD Click the then and that to burn to CD from the to the Click The recorded the CD. Chapter and Creating that writable CD creating CDs.
PM Creating DVD Creating DVD DVD If or Edition, DVD www.emachines.com To DVD using DVD that other while creating CDs or If copyrighted CD or DVD, from the copyright owner. copyright and to of and other If about rights, writeable DVD Click then DVD The DVD introduction Click Choose and The
PM Click items The Items to DVD and the to to the DVD, then The to the and graphic the of the shows used. Click Next The Ready to Chapter and Creating
PM Creating and copying You of The following instructions to the which computers, of the operating information about burning the then and the Search then NTER Creating www.emachines.com Click of the following options to shows the text the title, and the background and foreground track, and from photo Click DVD recorded. writes immediately to the copying to The with XP and of to temporary the to the to the Although this than the with operating To writable The Autoplay Click to The this the title of the then formatting options Click then Next the that the to burn to then and the to the Click to The to the
PM If or Edition, to TV, and to and simplified, interface that and the optional accessory, instructions this section to the Starting To Click then the then OK The and Creating OR Press the the The first the
PM www.emachines.com the to option, then OK TV TV recorded, DVD or or TV and types, or burn (CD or DVD), and with another (such as MP3 slideshow, or from library. from library, and FM and playlists. To the the of the
PM the With active, the optional to of from the (The included with from that shown below.) (A/V) buttons buttons Functions Shortcut to features. the (A/V) buttons and characters from the the (reduced buttons the playback of and Navigation buttons the around the and selections, back to the previous the aspect and information. Press the OK to selection. Chapter and Creating Shortcut selections, and the buttons Navigation buttons
PM Introduction to Ethernet Bluetooth Chapter
PM Introduction to should know (DHCP) router temporarily IP to the IP (IP) that the LANA (LAN) covering or office. Wired and wireless Ethernet of creating LAN. PANA (PAN) (including telephones, and to wireless (WPAN) with Bluetooth. The of WPAN to USB or that what subnetwork the located This the WANA (WAN) that covers geographical The and well-known of WAN the Ethernet Wired Ethernet wired Ethernet network consists of or connected together through Ethernet This type commonly offices around the and to the or Ethernet Ethernet or other or office. to and hire Ethernet three Ethernet and Ethernet built or Ethernet typically built or Ethernet To wired Ethernet or Ethernet or office. router The to wired Ethernet (DHCP) using router. DHCP router to assign IP to each or information router, the routers router-based Ethernet The following of wired Ethernet The of router, or DSL computers, and each of these The router the the To the to wireless Ethernet to wired Ethernet to the router or router that built-in Chapter
PM Attached to the router of or Ethernet-ready to the router or DSL that to the router-based Ethernet Ethernet should Ethernet Ethernet or or Ethernet or of rated the of the rated wired Ethernet router, the includes everything including: Ethernet already www.emachines.com Router or with Ethernet One router One broadband (optional) of the security features, such as firewall, to network from switch to the DHCP server/dynamic IP assignment to network and IP To Ethernet already Click then The Click and then Click from the the The Click the front of Network The Ethernet listed. If listed,
PM wired Ethernet broadband If broadband already the with ISP. to the the activated. Broadband from ISP to ISP. should ISP instructions they about that broadband correctly. To the the If the service Ethernet and the type of Ethernet using to Ethernet and the that Ethernet already installed. the that with Ethernet instructions the and Ethernet and the router or the or DSL this Connecting network using unshielded, twisted-pair (about 1/4-inch with thin containing wires), and with this type of This type of with RJ-45 telephone with each types; straight-through to to router, and to computers. To which type of both of the with the facing from and with the the straight-through the wires both attached to the to right). the wires each attached to the to right). using router If network than and connecting to high-speed Broadband or DSL the of router. router the from The router IP to the the and firewall protection as Chapter
PM to router, straight-through each to to the Wireless Ethernet Wireless Ethernet the With wireless wherever wireless Ethernet waves to Typically, wireless Ethernet of or DSL access), and wireless computers. www.emachines.com Router To using router: of the the AC the router and the other grounded, 110V Turn computers. of straight-through the router the WAN The WAN to the router to the DSL or and or switch. the other of the the the each connected to the router, the should light the front of the router, indicating each the straight-through the WAN the router and the other the Ethernet the DSL or WAN
PM Wireless Ethernet wireless Ethernet include the following: the only to with the following when purchase wireless that as the You to the then the and with other computers, and other or point-based has: IEEE the wireless with the IEEE and IEEE with the IEEE that the that matches DHCP server/dynamic IP assignment that to and security firewall to of Wireless security SecureEasySetup or WEP wireless Ethernet with wireless broadband (optional) Chapter Access Wireless only and and or DSL Access
PM wireless Ethernet already wireless Ethernet broadband If broadband already the with ISP. to the the activated. Broadband from ISP to ISP. should ISP instructions they about that broadband correctly. To the the If the service wireless and the type of wireless using to wireless and the that them already To wireless Ethernet PCI or PC cards, the www.emachines.com the that with wireless instructions the and wireless Ethernet and information through waves. This that another the waves and of If security to to and to to or credit numbers, Security numbers, and information. information about the and security. Establishing Ethernet the and the that router (wired or (wireless If wired that connected the www.emachines.com To Ethernet already Click then The Click and then Click from the the The Click the front of Network The wireless Ethernet listed. If listed, You each the and the Workgroup To this the Click then The Click and The and Click then the and Workgroup The Click
PM If already type the This the to other the of to characters with allowed. the Workgroup of to characters with The the and the than Click OK prompted to the TCP/IP to to each other. One of each to the (TCP/IP), which and as as TCP/IP as the DHCP to the TCP/IP with router or router, the to IP from DHCP This typically when router and TCP/IP them, router browser. instructions, routers Connecting to wireless Ethernet network the the Workgroup You already and the first turned Connecting to information about to then and the following the Search then NTER to Manually wireless Ethernet Connecting to wireless Ethernet and to the Chapter
PM www.emachines.com To to wireless Ethernet Click then Network The Network Click Network and The Network and Click to the of the The to network
PM Click then Wireless security information wireless security, to the that with information about wireless security then and wireless security the Search then NTER Testing that of and If to to the Click Network and then Network and Select and the of the actions If Ethernet physical that router or and the lights the front of the router or with the the router or Temporarily off firewall software Turn off of the then them back to routers or troubleshooting information. service to of each of computers, to To to the of the following: to then the information about and to router or the router or includes USB or information, the instructions that with router or that built-in With and and With and DVD and the connected to the To the computers, each the Follow the instructions included with to the each Chapter If the to security. Right-click the then the security to match the
PM the and each shared, them as though they attached directly to Then or Un-sharing and www.emachines.com network and other network To or Click then Right-click the or that to then The If the of that to everyone If the of that to everyone the Click the Click OR If Advanced to this or Click OK then To or then Click Right-click the or that to then Click Advanced then this (or to the Click Apply then OK
PM To Click then The and Sound The Right-click the and of the to then the On the this then OK the the and each shared, and and other and information about then and the Search then NTER To and Click then Network The Network If or displayed, the option the then Turn and Double-click the of the containing the or to and Creating shortcut to shortcut created or another the of the or as the attached directly to the shortcut created to the To the from the shortcut To the or completing the and Right-click the or then Shortcut shortcut created the or and the the shortcut Click to the the To the the the to Click then to the that the to Double-click the containing the then the Chapter
PM Copying the the the the the the the from. You the and instructions from the CD that shipped with or from the Bluetooth You Bluetooth to with other Bluetooth-enabled These include MP3 players, telephones, and other computers. Bluetooth information these without the of USB or To Bluetooth-enabled the then to the Bluetooth Bluetooth built-in. If or built-in Bluetooth, purchase Bluetooth to to USB www.emachines.com To the Click then The to the that the to to the to Right-click the then Copy Right-click the where to the to, then To the the to then Click the arrow to the then the Click To Bluetooth Turn Bluetooth and the Bluetooth Click then and Sound Click Bluetooth Devices Click then follow the on-screen instructions. To Bluetooth Turn Bluetooth and the Bluetooth Click then and Sound Click Click wireless, or Bluetooth Next then follow the instructions. To to Bluetooth Turn Bluetooth and the Bluetooth Click then Network and Click Network and Click Network The Network
PM Personal Network Bluetooth Network On the Bluetooth The Bluetooth Network Devices Bluetooth that to then information about Bluetooth, then and Bluetooth the Search then NTER Chapter
PM security security Security Chapter Protecting
PM security Although to with to the information to theft of The first security from to the then the around the of or You and stores. the location of the Reference security The security and and and to other people from You to when or These BIOS that remember that would to instructions creating and Reference that The and If to to accounts account each who user accounts, each account. You to each account the account the account, the that or information about accounts, then and accounts the Search then NTER Chapter Protecting
PM Protecting from that to then from to another. or to malfunction. undetected of they activated Protect from by: information about security security information about protecting then and the Search then NTER Norton from and identity theft. To learn about these features, including to and the right of the then and www.emachines.com to Norton and protection Norton to and that attached to or from the Checking them. Microsoft Word and These that that might that the Security to with the highest of protection. To and and Click Norton then Norton
PM At the top of the The Click Scans The Choose Scans Click the type of to then Chapter Protecting and and that the finished, summary of appears.
PM and You should Norton the threats. www.emachines.com To and that connected to the Click then Norton Norton At the top of the The
PM Click Updates and the Security Security through: firewall Third protection software Security options security To security Click then Click Security Click Security The Security Chapter Protecting To the
PM information about the Security about Security Security To to and software to If to the security built Microsoft high-priority to the You should to www.emachines.com Click: to or the to from the information to or software that from or from other that to from that might found information about Security then and security the Search then NTER To Click then Security Click Security The Security Click the Microsoft to
PM Click: Updates to and These include security the Security to routinely the and them automatically. To Click then Security Click Security The Security Click Click The to the then OK include and conflicts. It gathers information about the security and from the Whenever flashing the To the that to Protecting to software information about then and the Search then NTER
PM sounds and accounts power-saving Chapter
PM the and of the basic to You such as the background and and and of the basic to to the of to with the of If the or played or the and to the highest necessary. the of to The higher the the information and (such as and displayed the information about the click then and the Search then NTER To the or Click then Appearance and The To the the Colors then the To the the to the Click Apply If the right, If the the and the to their seconds. Click OK then to Highest
PM the appearance of and backgrounds You the appearance of items, such as the of and and the and of the background. www.emachines.com To and effects: Click then Appearance and The and Appearance Click of the choices and the intensity then OK applied. options, such as effects, and then Appearance and the the then OK To the background: Click then Appearance and background The Choose background Click the Location then the location where to background If the location the and the and Click the or to the background, then OK
PM Selecting If using of without You should which constantly its to this displays with burn-in. You to others from while from of that choose from, and from the and as products. To Click Appearance and then The Click the then the to of the the To the the the then OK Click OK applied. If the the selected. To full-screen of the To the of inactivity that the the of the information about selecting then and screen the Search then NTER
PM constantly that They resized, and to preference. Although them anywhere usually the right of the www.emachines.com and News weather forecasts, and shows and and To Click the the top of the or right-click of the and The selection Click the then it to the To To right-click the then To the right-click the then The the then OK
PM built-in that to their To the the the The built-in appears the (Slideshow shown) Click the to the You the appearance and of the To Right-click of the then The Chapter You Whether the each Whether the top of other The of the the appears The that the appears monitors)
PM The shown this section and the If or to You the or as of the or as to roughly the of the to www.emachines.com To or Turn off the or the secondary the location of the the or Reference the or AC then Turn the and searches its You to the from the the or the from the the Appearance and then The Shortcut Right-click the Right-click the Attached then Apply such as or Quality necessary. To the appears the of each To the or as of the (both the to the this
PM To the or as of (increasing the of to the this You and the to the the physical Click OK sounds You the sounds that such as and and off, and and To sounds: Click and Sound then Sound sounds The Sound Click the Sound then the sound To sound selected, Click OK to Chapter OR Click the then the Sounds and the sound associated with the If the sound the Sounds and the the
PM information about then and the Search then NTER You the speed, or right-hand and other and user accounts You and user account each who You accounts without turning off account www.emachines.com To Shortcut and Sound then and Sound The Click the You Switch the and right buttons the the appearance and the wheel actions Click OK to If to account that user to to to that account that accounts to created account from other accounts the the Shared The Shared from accounts that and from other the
PM To or accounts: Click then Accounts and Family or accounts To switch accounts: that account. Click the arrow to the then Switch or Click the account that to Chapter To account, account then follow the on-screen instructions to the To account, the account then the option to To account, the account then the account and the of related The account (You the account.) information about user accounts, then and user accounts the Search then NTER Switch the account selection off the and that the user to off the then the account selection If that closed, and
PM power-saving the of options such as when the or turned off. You of the or information about then and or the Search then NTER www.emachines.com To the Shortcut and Click and Sound then power-saving The Select Click shown): while reasonable performance and reduces performance and High performance performance reduces To the then
PM To advanced advanced the then OK Click To the of the Select then follow the instructions. You wireless USB and and of
PM useful to items the to or the to that easily. the Ease of Access the Ease of Access to www.emachines.com To the Ease of Access Click Ease of then Ease of Access The Ease of Access the to section, of the following options to of the to of the On-Screen displays the You the clicking them with reads on-screen text and graphics. High the to high-contrast You the Ease of Access to: the without or the to the and to text or sounds
PM You microphone to and to typed text from To Click Ease of Access then The Click of the following to With attached microphone, then commands. If to reading on-screen Text to the of the You to: and the activity of children and the children the activity reports that history of To effectively, should account each of information accounts, and accounts You to account to You account. Chapter microphone attached microphone to correctly with learn to Train to that to the the Reference Card and of commands.
PM You the type of that www.emachines.com To Click then Accounts and Family The Click the user account to The Click On, then The Restrictions Specify the to this then OK The
PM and To the user the Click then Accounts and Family The Click the account to then The Restrictions Click the to when the the hours and allowed hours white. Restricting You ratings, or the which allowed. To ratings: Click then Accounts and Family The Click the account to then The Chapter
PM www.emachines.com Click The Restrictions Click the of allowed, then OK The To Click then Accounts and Family The Click the account to then The Click or Allow The
PM Click the of each listed, then OK If the to to shown the Restricting Restricting To Click then Accounts and Family The Click the account to then Allow and The Application Restrictions Click the allow the each to allow to, then OK Creating activity reports To of and Click then Accounts and Family The Click the account to then activity reports The activity displayed. Chapter Click then to the checkboxes of the to to. The activity includes such information Top Applications
PM Notices Copyright Inc. Rights Irvine Irvine, CA USA Rights This publication protected copyright and rights of or transmitted or without writing from Gateway. The information this and to These incorporated editions. Gateway and/or products this publication to Gateway information which appear this the the Gateway www.gateway.com Gateway indirect, exemplary, or from or this of the of such the of the right to this and the products without or obligation. acknowledgments Gateway, and the Black-and-White or of Inc. the U.S. and other countries. and and MMX of Corporation. Microsoft, MS, MS-DOS, and or of Microsoft Corporation. other only, and the or of their respective www.emachines.com
PM Chapter
PM Index using high shared accounts ISP user accounts AU recording CD to information AVI background Bluetooth broadband and C CD tracks to creating creating information closing high router TCP/IP connecting to to (VGA) VGA copying and text and graphics creating shortcut MP3 DVD WMA and and shortcut background selecting DHCP from and creating downloading and DSL DVD creating creating Ease of information information Ethernet wired Ethernet wireless Ethernet and
PM from cover template copying downloading shared recovering searching and copying creating finding recovering searching restricting Gateway Ethernet HD-DVD using and account to downloading to service (ISP) connecting to from account IP ISP service on-screen shortcuts LAN LCD (LAN) protection MIDI DSL using using MP3 creating information MPEG MP3 CD DVD recording using building copying creating CD Bluetooth testing Ethernet wireless Ethernet Norton
PM creating PAN activity reports restricting restricting and text and graphics (PAN) CD DVD HD-DVD CD Bluetooth www.emachines.com closing restricting recording CD recovering and and emptying recovering and and and restoring and router using Search searching and security Norton accounts Security wireless Ethernet Shared shortcuts to closing closing copying and and selecting items selecting items switching or software sound Sound recording TCP/IP telephone and Scan and
PM from cover template testing text to title from accounts switching VGA shared shared protecting WAN WAV to downloading (WAN) closing title background Search accounts DVD and Scan building creating MP3 creating creating WMA information CD DVD HD-DVD Security wired Ethernet wireless Ethernet to security WMA creating editing information Wordpad World (WWW) downloading
PM
PM MAN ECOOPER USR GDE R3