MT3600 MT4000 OPERATORS INSTRUCTION MANUAL MANUEL DUTILISATION ET DENTRETIEN MANUAL DE INSTRUCCIONES
To correctly the and without first this concerning the of the instructions and relative and specifications this to Country and to without the THE OPERATORS MANUAL protection. READ IT. reference. what assembly of the and hand-in-hand with satisfactory performance of the and or the of the instructions this to the operating instructions, this that with the below: Warning: where there of or or serious to property. where there of the or its WARNING To and of the this should with or the or without the instruction WARNING: Allow who this to INTRODUCTION
PRODUCT IDENTIFICATION Chain SAFETY State and SAFETY RULES Precautions Operation and Precautions to Precautions ASSEMBLY Assembling the and Chain OPERATION Chain Tension the Chain Chain Preparation Cutting Starting the the the Chain Tree and MAINTENANCE Chart Chain Unit Arresting Chain TROUBLESHOOTING Troubleshooting Chart STORAGE Chain TECHNICAL DATA MT MT TABLE OF CONTENTS
Chain Throttle Chain Chain Screw Screws PRODUCT IDENTIFICATION On/Off Switch Throttle Rear Combination Wrench
This and to to as as helpful operating and servicing information. PLEASE READ ALL THE INFORMATION CAREFULLY TO AVOID INJURY AND MACHINE DAMAGE. Wear hearing and head tection when operating this Wear heavy-duty when the and State and with and arresting to comply with the of SAE Recommended J335 and California and and the of Washington, New and internal combustion to with Other and regulations. If or where such regulations the operating of these to of the Maintenance-Spark Arresting Section of the to of Regulations, and WARNING:The of field of intensity. This field with To reduce the of serious or injury, with should their physician and the operating this WARNING: and of the from the Serious burns with the SAFETY Wear or and WARNING! of properly with both Measured without the and the
WARNING: to through prolonged of hand or the and wrists of people to or Prolonged weather to otherwise healthy people. If such as numbness, of strength, or or of the or wrists, the of this and WARNING: The from this chemicals known to the State of California to or other SAFETY
SAFETY RULES Read this completely and follow and operating tions attempting to the the of to users who and follow and operating instructions found this Minors should allowed to or when or or or You physical and Chain If that might with operating and the of and of from the allow other or to near the when or rating the of when the hits the While with the protective clothing. The of protective clothing reduces the of to choose with legislation. The clothing and Wear clothing. and wear clothes, or that or and tect with foulards, or and Wear protective where there objects.Wear protective or protections reduction ear guards or The of protections the ear and the of (screaming, Wear to who completely with and other users the with operating instructions, which they to using the the each to that each whether or otherwise, functional. or improperly repaired or assembled or of the of the indicated the hand or immediately becomes or otherwise operation clear footing, and, path. service, other than the operations shown the to The It to other of It to hitch or to the that specified the
SAFETY RULES WARNING: when or or fire or the or the To reduce the of fire and burn injury, with It and where there or Select ground, and allow to cool to release and to from around the Tighten securely Unit improperly tightened to or off and of from the from to off while or while operating the cool, the such as the and where reach or from heaters, or switches, the off the when the cleaning operations. to clothing. and WARNING: the with both when the firm with thumbs and the of from the when the the with the and the and to the rear, and the from the vehicle, and covered with the Properly to and to the Apply to repositioning of the the with hand! Serious to the or of these from one-handed operation. two-handed the the try to the when the off the the the
SAFETY RULES apply the to the the the or atmospheres or closed of from or from firm-footed and the the of the to when the pleted. the clean, and of or the the front with and the back with right that back when the the released. when branches or which the thrown back or to with the shoulder height the without the cover fitted. Precautions WARNING: which serious injury. the backward, or motion of the occurring when the the of the such as or branch, or when the and the the Contacting the of when the the of the This the to the which the The fast, reaction which the and back the and when the and pinches the moving the the top of the and the This of the of the force to and the to the of the rotation. The straight back the when the the the the of the and the This the and from the and easily the to of the of or that to the top of or otherwise the than
SAFETY RULES the as the from when with the and the housing of or to the the of that With of reduce the of which to the the of the the free from obstructions such as other branches, or that while through or branch. and properly tensioned. or increase the chance of occurring. Follow and instructions. with the with the the securely the and If the there chance of occurring. when with the of the Watch or other forces that and or the Reduced-Kickback and Chain specified firm the with both when the and firm and of the the of and the front right completely around the whether right or handed. straight with the locked. the front straight with right hand the when right and type of with balanced both slightly to the of the to from with the overreach. You or thrown off and of the
(A) (B) SAFETY RULES shoulder height. It to of shoulder height. WARNING: The following included to reduce the of however, such this reaction. You follow instructions, and this to and other forces which serious injury. Reduced-Kickback with which reduces the of the the Reduced-Kickback to reduce the and seriousness of when tested with as ANSI B175.1 Chain, with and that force and allow to the Chain back performance when tested of below inch specified ANSI B175.1 Guard, to reduce the chance of hand the as off the front of front and with and with each other. The and of the this together to and the of the back the Chain Chain to the from the the the should immediately. The (A) and (B) Chain should cleaned and tested Clean the the Section and the Operation-Chain Section. WARNING: with the operation the field tions certified.
WARNING: WE DO NOT REPRESENT AND YOU SHOULD NOT ASSUME THAT THE CHAIN BRAKE WILL PROTECT YOU IN THE EVENT OF KICKBACK. DO NOT RELY UPON ANY OF THE DEVICES BUILT INTO YOUR SAW. YOU SHOULD USE THE SAW PROPERLY AND CAREFULLY TO AVOID KICKBACK. Reduced-Kickback and Chain Reduced-kickback and chains reduce the chance and of and recommended. and as Repairs should authorized servicing to the of purchase purchased from servicing or to the authorized service WARNING: Computed (CKA) and the CKA below of and when tested with CSA Association) and ANSI purchasing and should to the CKA CKA to the higher and higher Computed and associated without activation of the Activated to activation of and of CKA operating the The following and of CSA Z62.1, Z62.3, ANSI B175.1 when this of and other than those recommended and the CKA WARNING: mount The of increased with of the increased Recommended and Pitch Chain MODEL LENGTH GUIDE BAR CHAIN CKA WITHOUT CHAIN P. N. OF BAR P. N. TYPE CHAIN BRAKE MT3600 MT3600 MT4000 MT4000 140SDEA041 160SDEA041 140SDEA041 160SDEA041 SAFETY RULES 1255R 1256R 1255R 1256R
WARNING: The of of ANSI bear relationship to that tions. features to reduce of their effective- when they their they with of ANSI that the and to The with (AV) or Wear and the and the including the AV increase and through increase the to firm the with the that white- or Therefore, and users should closely the of their and If of the appear, immediately. Precaution WARNING: that improperly or and securely assembled. that the when the throttle released. If the the Operation-Carburetor Section. If the Servicing and the WARNING: service, other than items the instructions, to service (If to the or clutch, or to the to the clutch, to the which the to burst and serious the clean, and free of or WARNING: only and recommended. SAFETY RULES
the or to service the while the cleaning operations. the off the ground with the and the empty. If of properly without the to who its immediately when or WARNING: The and other of the of the become and while the To reduce of burns the and other while they SAFETY RULES
ASSEMBLY Assembling the and Chain WARNING: the when operating the or the while the The wear protective when to the that the the the front as shown to Safety-Chain and Operation-Chain Sections information. the (A, and the clutch (B) and the (C, that the of the the (D) the (E) using the tensioning screw (F, The (G) that fits the (H) The tensioning (I) which the and The and with the the (G) the (H) that the (F) fits the the (G) through the (L) as shown The the top of the should the the of the rotation. (M) below. the (G) the (E) and CAUTION: to the clutch and the correctly seated the the clutch cover (B) and the (A) the tight only. The free to CAUTION: to that the the to the reassembly of the clutch cover. NOTE: If the clutch cover freely, that the To with clutch cover clutch cover as shown and back from turning the screw (F) clockwise, assuring that the the the of the to Release the of the and the screw (F) clockwise. this the of the and tighten the securely as shown
ASSEMBLY Chain correctly tensioned when there the of the the turned hand without that the NOTE: If too tight, slightly and screw turn counterclockwise. the of the and WARNING: the when operating the or the while the The wear protective when to the WARNING: The the or characteristics as that supplied. WARNING: If the operated with the off the and serious injury. WARNING: the with the cover
OPERATION Chain Tension WARNING: or the while the running.The wear protective when to the Stop the the the slightly, the screw clockwise to the to Assembly-Assembling the and Chain Section. correctly tensioned when there the of the the turned without Item Chain whenever the (A) the of the operation, the of the increase. The of correctly of the To the the of the wrench as CAUTION: Chain tensioned while too tight cooling. the CAUTION: to often than that the Chain New chains stretch and frequently. the of the and the with the of or the to the Operation-Starting Section) and allow to Stop the that the properly. The board should from the the properly, the to Operation-Chain Tension Section). the and to heat the Stop the and this the as shown Operation-Chain Tensioning Section. the ground with the
OPERATION WARNING: with optional (G, The and injury. when the Not This and and and RECOMMENDED FUEL: THIS ENGINE IS CERTIFIED TO OPE- RATE ON UNLEADED GASOLINE INTENDED FOR AUTOMOTI- VE USE WITH AN OCTANE RATING OF ([R M] OR HIGHER with to the instructions the If high below CAUTION: DO NOT USE AUTOMOTIVE OIL OR 2-CYCLE OUTBOARD OIL. CAUTION: with higher than to or E10 of necessary. with readily when the of or the including CAUTION: Match purchases to than or months; tightly-closed cool, The of the of
OPERATION NOTE: and to DO NOT than containing recommended. (US) the WARNING: Follow instruction hand- off to with or least from DO NOT SMOKE! Clean around to slowly. the to the and inspect the Immediately and NOTE: It to from and first WARNING: found, Servicing necessary. Chain The and the when the of the and Too overheating shown from the and/or of the weather thicken, to thin and with amount to of or and free flowing the to enough CAUTION: that and and that the and CAUTION: dirty, or otherwise to the or WARNING: shown that with
OPERATION the Chain should of of The operated through off the clutch assembly. The Preparation to Section Wear and protection. WARNING: the with both LEFT HAND the front and RIGHT HAND the (throttle) as shown that to the of the cross-handed or which would or the should follow these instructions (B, the whenever the The should the and the wrapped the This least to or other reaction of the which the and the of the (C) of the of WARNING: Cutting should both ground. with "straight arm" (D) to withstand force. should to the of the (E). of (F). Cutting Procedure the following to the of operation. the front of the with the the to throttle the the throttle with the the the throttle the Allow the to only light If force the to the or Release the throttle as as the completed, allowing the to If the throttle without wear or to the and the the of the
OPERATION Work Precautions WARNING: or from plastics, or building allow to allow others to this who this or instructions the and of this everyone and from the operations, the should least the height of the the tions, of with both ground to pulled off height, as higher to forces. or this professionals. when and light to clearly. from this this operation professionals. the the Inspect the and as necessary. the of and amount of and increase the of back. Stop the the and while wearing hearing protection such to hear sounds indicating when or ground. used, fire extinguisher should Starting The WARNING: to the of the the or or the The when the the ground and that or obstructions which with the and the front with the and right foot the of the the the the to the as shown to Safety-Chain and Operation- Chain Sections information.
OPERATION the on/off switch (A) to the I. the (B) to the or closed The half-throttle when the the first firing of the heard than tional the to the the the the as shown Immediately the started, the throttle (C, and release the throttle (D) This releases the throttle the Once the the seconds. NOTE: the than seconds to weather or high the completely to the the the of the as this the to back. the and the slowly. WARNING: with the the FULL CHOKE with the throttle Cutting with the throttle the of the or NOTE STARTING WARM ENGINE: Follow instructions, the To completely and back to the WARNING: Weather and allow to the while the WARNING: to the when the or the The reaches the hours of activity. this of the tion throttle, to functioning stress. CAUTION! the the to the
OPERATION Starting (or The with too it Flooded cleared of following the the ON/STOP switch the ON Starting the the flooded. If to to the TROUBLESHOOTING TABLE Flooded If the to enough the to fire, the combustion chamber flooded. the on/off to STOP. the the of the arrow. the cover the off the Unscrew and off the the throttle the to clear the combustion chamber. the and the reassemble the other the on/off to I, the the to cold. the The Release the throttle (A) and the to To the the on/off switch (B) to the STOP the the ground when the the when the the that the STOP of the switch tion, the to the to to the CAUTION: The as cools If the crankshaft and bearings. Pre-operation WARNING: THE SAW CHAIN SHOULD NEVER TURN AT IDLE. Turn the screw T counter- clockwise to reduce the RPM and the or Servicing and the Serious from the turning
(A) (B) OPERATION Chain to Safety-Chain Section The (A, and (B) illustrated below. The operating should to each as follows: the and front and securely with both the throttle to the to the back of hand, the the the while the rotating The should and the the to Servicing and the the back the the (right from of the and the front heard. WARNING: If the immediately, the to Servicing to WARNING: improperly increase the to the activation, or Tree Tree Conditions WARNING: of high or heavy WARNING: when or high or or weather. WARNING: that or or notching and back with or hollow these with heavy WARNING: wires or If the tree with the should immediately. WARNING: the tree or branches that and
OPERATION WARNING: the top of the tree the backcut to the tree to the WARNING: If the tree to the tion, or the caught or the LEAVE THE SAW AND SAVE YOURSELF! operation Clear the You clear around the tree footing. The should the of the terrain as the tree to or Study the that the tree to and If the rotted, and the there enough the tree to of tree from the or other stones, and from the tree where to (or the Clear the around the and there of Clear of from of the force and of the wind, the and of the and the location of These things the which the tree to tree from its of notch (C, about the of the the of the the of the notch they sect right to the of fall.This notch should to straight To the of the off the the of the notch the The backcut and and of inches the of the notch (D) through to the of the notch and back (approximately inches or the of the This (E) or It the of the tree and or twisting or shoot-back of the tree off the On the back (F, enough the tree to or back the Then or (G, the they the The to the tree tree to the and diately. cleared path, the action something WARNING: through to the notch when backcut. The the of the this the section of the notch and backcut.
OPERATION DO NOT tree with with that poorly supported. tree completely, the and the tree with winch, and or tractor. from the of the tree ground. should to the (A, the first, the (B) the tion (C) from the the instructions from the Operation-Tree section of the the the tree to the length. WARNING: or another while allow another to the while and the with or foot. WARNING: clear that the and this (D, WARNING: operations the that the cut-off section of the WARNING: If becomes pinched or to force You of the and/or to the Stop the of or the the easily (E, the and the to when pinched or WARNING: the causing of footing and where and the clear and cleared first. with If the enough to (E, without touching the should the to the to
OPERATION the first (F) of the through the and with (G) the the to The become pinched or the the first than of the of the to to the and from of Used the top of the with the of the the light the of the with the top of the the light upward. the to back this reaction and the firmly to WARNING: to The this first the of the The of the where the of the weight concentrated. and WARNING: and allow the to other branches or the of the when or Allowing such serious injury. Work slowly, both the with firm and footing and the tree and the while (A, from the of the tree the branch from this this operation professionals. height as higher to Watch branches that or the branch or the when the the released. clear clear branches of the to them. WARNING: tree to
OPERATION tree then and properly. the the tree to the tree as the of the tree and the top, branches and with the tree and the from the of the tree the branch branches with the BUCKING WITHOUT SUPPORT. to and freely to and the Operation to the to the or off the further to reduce the This the from the the branch through first should to the branch off. finishing smoothly and neatly the the back to the wound. WARNING: If the to height, hire professional to the Springpoles (B, branch, or which other that back the holding or On high of back to the upright the to the from the Watch They WARNING: Springpoles and the causing the to of the This or to the
MAINTENANCE Chain only this This fast-cutting reduction when properly smooth and to properly. The when the and the forced through the or the to of the following: of the increase the of clearance (A, Too the enough If teeth such as and stones, or or the Servicing instances rotating freely. necessary. NOTE: Inspect the wear or when the If of wear or the indicated the Servicing to the to to the specified and to the length, as when Wear protection. the enough that the of the of the Operation-Chain Tension. round and the with the top plate of the tooth as shown the or light firm the front of the tooth as shown from the each firm tooth. (E, Then to the other and the right hand (F) the Occasionally from the with CAUTION: or improperly sharpened which WARNING: It absolutely to comply with the and specified below. If the incorrectly sharpened and the too there of increased of the with of to or serious injury. The wear protective when to the
MAINTENANCE Top Plate with to properly to TOP PLATE ANGLE G) CORRECT- H) LESS THAN Cutting. I) MORE THAN Feathered Edge Quickly. Plate J) CORRECT- Produced K) HOOK- and quickly. Increases of KICKBACK. from using with too or too L) BACKWARD SLOPE- too wear to and from with too or too high. Clearance The (M, should (N) and the clearances. Every the the clearance. and Jointer to P) FLAT FILE Q) DEPTH GAUGE JOINTER to to lowering each rounding the front (R) to with the of the CAUTION: the thorou- or the thoroughly. Every of the the to the wear The should cleaned every of and wear and Feathering or burring of the of should smoothed with or as as they with of the following should replaced: Wear the which the to Cracked or with their ted with grease to the life. Turn the and that the (T) and (S) free from
MAINTENANCE the the cover as shown and as shown to Operation-Starting Unit and Sections Allow the to to This and to comply with CARB (California and EPA Protection Agency) regulations. The factory and should includes and The of the L and H (High (within of turn should Servicing should the L and (H) (High forced the of WARNING: Serious to the to the L and H force the L and H the such the with regulations. If the and the screw T clockwise to increase If the the screw T counterclockwise to reduce the RPM and the If the Servicing and the the (F, periodically. nated or WARNING: or other to creating fire or the (G, counterclockwise, cover (H) and the (I) each the and with If heavily with and thoroughly to the cover. the cover the to completely cleaned. It to with month of operation. CAUTION: the without the serious the correctly the cover reassembly. clean with
CMR6A MAINTENANCE Unit to the cooling of the assembly free and of WARNING: The and causing serious to or Clean the with or overheating of to the WARNING: the without the including the and housing, securely and of thrown repairs to the and clutch to trained Servicing This NGK CMR6A with and every months or frequently, necessary. WARNING: the with tion from or with unseated fire. and the arcing that and fire. type of the Factors such too operating of the Arresting The with complying with the of SAE J335 the of the the WARNING: or fire Through the become and should inspected and cleaned as required. To clean: Allow the to cool. the (B)
MAINTENANCE the shield (C) cover (D) and (E) the screw (F) and (G) Clean and inspect the (A) Reassemble of and the screw to and the to WARNING: If the or the or assembly. The and and cleaning, the and when or appear; or with of the the the and the shield; often with or this the of the of the the to replaced, please the whole 50050204A (G, One to mounted, as the the WARNING: the or improperly increase the of fire and hearing Chain If the properly, the clutch cover and the wear the (A, and or WARNING: If the too thin when the With band, the the The should authorized service to than thick. Repairs should authorized service to the of purchase purchased from servicing or to the authorized service the and lightly the (B, the performance servicing or cleaning the Chain Section. WARNING: and, the catcher (C,
Troubleshooting Chart WARNING: and of the below that operation of the the and the Servicing If that this chart, Servicing service. PROBLEM POSSIBLE CAUSE SOLUTION or seconds switch I) properly: properly high reach and or and and Chain and and rotating WARNING: the while the This with EPA Protection Agency) and CARB (California Board) regulations which the with that the rotation from the factory If performance that corrected the Trouble Shooting Section, the should to Servicing TROUBLESHOOTING Flooded L H (High dirty. dirty. H (High Chain empty. Chain too tight. function. Chain Chain too tight. and assembly. Chain and/or Clutch and/or cover. from the and top of the and If there with (CMR6A). With the switch off, to completely) and to This clear from Clean and the and then completely to the three with If to and If to with Servicing Servicing fresh and the Clean instruction Section. Clean instructions Maintenance-Spark Arresting Section. Servicing Turn screw T clockwise to increase (If screw T counterclockwise to Operation-Carburetor should that Tension instructions Operation- Chain Tension section. throttle to seconds. Stop and from and If the or If Servicing Release Operation-Chain Section. Tension instructions Operation- Chain Tension section. to Assembly-Assembling the and Chain Section. to and/or Section. Servicing
Chain WARNING: and allow to cool, and the or vehicle. and where reach or from heaters, or switches, with guards that to the of reach of and other unauthorized and the from This which become and and the Clean from the from such as chemicals and and the and of should other CAUTION: It to from such as the or or E10 or attract which leads to and formation of the MT3600 ENGINE: PERFORMANCE: RPM WOT (With Chain): RPM RPM) MT3600 and MT4000 FUEL AND OIL SYSTEMS: Capacity: Section Capacity: IGNITION SYSTEM: NGK CMR6A This with ICES-002. EPA CEPA: The to the the of operating hours which the shown to Category: hours, hours, C CARB: The the CARB-Air Index the terms: hours, Intermediate hours, hours. TECHNICAL DATA STORAGE MT4000 ENGINE: PERFORMANCE: RPM WOT (With Chain): RPM RPM)
WARNING: To and of the this should with or the or without the instruction AVERTISSEMENT: toute conserver fournir ADVERTENCIA: o EMAK of the YAMA BAGNOLO IN PIANO (REGGIO EMILIA) ITALY EMAK U.S.A. CENTROFFSET R.E. Printed