HBA
Copyright Corporation. rights of this translated to without the written of Corporation. Information furnished Corporation to and responsibility Corporation its or of or other rights of third which from its or otherwise or rights of Corporation. and LightPulse and BlockGuard, InSpeed, SLI and SBOD of Corporation. other or referenced or of their respective or organizations. this "as without warranty of or implied, including to the warranties of merchantability or Corporation and to the this and without Corporation responsibility its of or other rights of third that to information although these incorporated editions of this Corporation to of such
of Introduction...................................................................................................................................................1 the Jumpers......................................................................................................................................2 the Attaching the POST Conditions and References Specifications FCC and Notices...........................................................................................................9 Declaration of Conformity Notice
Introduction The (HBA) (Gb/s), (FC) HBA. The of this HBA FC The incorporates that to the Specification and PCI CEM Specification The HBA to the with or The physical or higher or The featured FC to American National (ANSI) FC The FC that the highest of performance and ease of with FC or High performance FC HBA with the to FC with FC including and FC service and FC throughput achieved End-to-end path-parity and redundancy (CRC) protection, including internal random-access memory (RAM) Architectural State-of-the-art with the and CEM specifications: high-speed RAM (SRAM) correcting (ECC) protection of memory, including correction and protection The HBA (LC) with and FC functionality within high-density, grated FC ARM 1136J-S with instruction and cache each FC and or interface with Supports VC0 and TC0 Class) /IO/ Memory read/write, and Supports ECRC transmitted CRC and information Supports read/write Supports
interface or through written to the Service Interface (SLI-2) that with the existing products such as LP8000, LP9002L, LP9802, LP10000 HBAs Comprehensive of operating (OS) On-board the of buffer-to-buffer (BB) credits short-wave and recovery the firmware On-board optional and to the Union Directive of Restriction of (RoHS) Software and Software NetWare, Solaris, and HP-UX or interface 3.3-V from the LightPulse HBAs that electricity through (ESD) To ESD with grounded wrist useful this the and preferably the touching and the the ready installation. The ID the Hardware and OEM of NetWare, and HP-UX AIX and other operating both SCSI and IP and functionality to FC to I/O to the FC
The each that the ID. The ID selected and or and or and If the ID 1AE5. the top and the and PCI P0_JX P1_JX 1AE5* Without the HBA reports ID of 1AE5. software PCI ID of FE00 to properly and the HBA. to the HBA with the PCI ID to 1AE5 recommended the instructions. The the To the HBA: Each HBA shipped with the IEEE The FC industry World (WWN) from the IEEE and this FC connectivity. this there IEEE The IEEE when The when with clearly the board. that these Turn off and the FE00 FE01
the I/O performance, the or higher shorter than PCI to the PCI the from Follow to the they to The HBA with PCI low-profile included the with the HBA. The low-profile mounting shorter than the to the mounting screws from the top of the HBA. Removing the Bracket the and the mounting with the the HBA. to the the housing's grounding the light properly with the the the screws that the HBA to the the HBA the or higher Press the seated. the mounting to the with the screw or the and screws. The HBA the PC and ready
The HBA allow connected to another or (that to with short-wave that to the following specifications: Table Specifications Connector To to the HBA: the to the LC the HBA. Connecting the other of the to the the connected to the HBA, ready to apply to the LC LC
Applying To apply that the HBA securely the that the attached. and the On (POST) the and yellow through the mounting firmware operation and activity. Each of and yellow POST Conditions and POST and the following the Rate there when the LED off each of or You should the LED seconds to that the correctly identified. Table POST Conditions and LED LED State board) On POST board) POST Flashing POST On while functioning On On while functioning On -Normal, On -Normal, On -Normal, Normal or
POST Conditions and (Continued) LED LED State Restricted off-line (Waiting Flashing Restricted off-line active)
References Specifications Table Specifications Interface The interfaces to the physical through FC-0 Interface (FC-PI and then through LC Physical Low-profile MD2 factor, inches inches, and both the full-height and low-profile (typical) VDC VDC lf/min to to C), to to C), to Agency Class Product DHHS 21CFR (J) EN60825-1 UL to UL60950-1:2003 CUR to CSA TUV to FCC Class Industry ICES-003, Class EMC Directives 89/336/EEC and 2004/108/EC (CE EN55022, Class EN55024 Australian EMC (C-Tick AS/NZS CISPR22:2002 Class VCCI, Class BSMI, Class MIC, Class
FCC and Notices HBA This with of the FCC Operation to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. Party: Chief Officer Corporation CA. USA This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference which the to the interference his The that or to the the authority to this The to products the USA. This of the Industry (IC) Interference Causing (ICES-003). toutes This to products Notice and Translations (VCCI) Product This Class this interference which the to VCCIA Notice Translation: This Class based the of the Council Interference Information (VCCI). If this such the user to corrective
Notice and Translations (BSMI) Translation: This Class ITE, and operation of this to interference, which users to the interference their Notice South and Translations (MIC) Translation: Class Please that this business with to interference. If purchased to the where purchased Declaration of Conformity HBA This with CISPR22/EN55022 Class A. WARNING: This this interference the to or Corporation the authority to this
Notice This information and information covering products known as factor incorporated LightPulse The factor the the This to regulations and should necessary. Corporation with or about and The and known as factor This the physical to the and its through the mounting turn, the PCI/PCI-X the United States, factor as Class products that to the the of Health and Services (DHHS) CFR subchapter J. The indicated located the factor factor as Class that to the the CENELEC EN60825-1:1994 (including and EN60825-2:1994. factor testing agency and the assembly. The DHHS conformity and conformity externally once the factor connected to or the and the or of the factor they Class assembly. the U.S., the the DHHS that already appears the factor the EN60825-1/EN60825-2 that the Class information permanently attached and clearly whenever to the GLM, GBIC, and factor Class explanatory the
Alternatively, the of the the included information. If used, of the IEC Class information that countries shown below. The consists of white background. this English, and and they the of Class countries. Product Information Factor The factor integrated or factor consists of and subassembly. The subassembly the of to shortwave factor and to factor the from the and The from or to below the Class Class products service operations or the factor Restrictions to comply with these incorrect operation of the and to of that the Class established the U. S. the DHHS and within EN60825-1/EN60825-2. Short wavelength and factor allow the when they connected to another Short and factor OFC and as Class that incorporates the factor protection that of or the factor The functional supply of the factor specified as to 3.465V typically. of this the performance and of the The with below Class the supply the or below If the supply the factor to correctly and that Class containing factor as Class products within the U.S. and Class of the U.S. of products properly incorporating the factor to recertify their The therefore to that other applying to such as IEC950, the to the DHHS and conformity the
factor and the and of the of conformity factor obtained from Corporation,