EMC Products INSTALLATION GUIDE P/N REV A05 EMC Corporation Corporate Headquarters: MA www.EMC.com
Copyright EMC Corporation. rights Published February, EMC the information this publication as of its The information to without THE INFORMATION IN THIS PUBLICATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS." EMC CORPORATION MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION IN THIS PUBLICATION, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. and of EMC software this software Information EMC EMC, Navisphere, PowerPath, and and Access FLARE, SAN and of EMC Corporation. other the property of their respective owners. EMC Products
This of the EMC Navisphere and the of the Navisphere Utility, Navisphere Navisphere Utility, Navisphere Command Interface (CLI), or software Microsoft the or operating of to and the performance and of its EMC from to releases revisions of its and software. Therefore, functions this revisions of the software or currently the information features, to release If function properly or function as this please EMC of this expected to with the following topics: Microsoft Microsoft operating with the operating or EMC Products
This four as follows: Related Related include EMC Products Chapter the and the these This chapter Chapter to and the Navisphere Utility. Chapter to and the Navisphere and the Navisphere Utility. Chapter to the Admhost Utility, Utility, and the VSS This chapter to and to the that to and the VSS Chapter to and Navisphere CLI and to the that to Navisphere CLI. to and of the Utility, Utility, and Navisphere CLI. Navisphere and Release Notes Admhost Release Notes Release Notes EMC Navisphere (P/N EMC Navisphere Command Interface (CLI) Reference (P/N EMC Command Interfaces Reference (P/N
EMC the following this and notices. EMC SAN Copy Command Interfaces Reference (P/N EMC Command Interface (CLI) Reference (P/N information that hazard-related. CAUTION information to or to the or The apply to or software. Typographical This the following This Indicates text (including that type commands, pathnames, typeface and directory It the of option, or This typeface which supply the the of directory or username or and to commands. (such as or This or typeface path. Operations to the Operations optional the or the EMC Products
The information about the Navisphere information Utility, CLI, or software, the EMC that the information the Navisphere Utility, CLI, or software. If purchased this from EMC and the information should from Where to about technical office or service and the of EMC locations, please the EMC service EMC Products To EMC the following and the following: Navisphere and CLI Release Notes The of this that to software revision. EMC and which of the that to (SAN) or If EMC service EMC Customer Service United States: (SVC-4EMC) (543-4SVC) Worldwide: Follow the to service and the information the EMC products and services to customers and to the EMC
to the accuracy, organization, and of the publications. Please to with opinions of this EMC Products
EMC Products
This chapter the This chapter both and that to Navisphere that that the Navisphere the Navisphere and the Navisphere Navisphere About the Applications About the Applications
About the Applications About EMC Navisphere software Navisphere EMC Products The following EMC software the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere Navisphere Navisphere Navisphere Admhost VSS only) Navisphere Command Interface (CLI) The Navisphere both and You the to the HBAs with the and to the the to and (IP and authorized service and the Utility. the to (IP and and accounts. AX150 the to the The Navisphere only the CX300, CX500, CX700, and and FLARE OE or higher. FLARE or higher.
Navisphere The the HBA with the attached or when the service This action the records each HBA to the records to to the the records Access software The then information from the or when or CLI. The information to the attached and or when LUN WWN and information from The and that to Navisphere that that the Navisphere You the and the Navisphere the them that connected to the About the Applications About EMC Navisphere software
About the Applications Navisphere EMC Products to the the Navisphere the HBA with the or however, the the LUN information back to This information the UI or CLI. To LUN information the UI or CLI the instead of the Utility. LUN information to Navisphere this information displays the UI or with the CLI command. Navisphere this information displays the connectivity to the that the from the CD. However, that the the the with the the following with Microsoft the to off, and and to CHAP. Navisphere the to snapshots. If with Navisphere or and the to snapshots. The the and and FLARE OE or higher. FLARE or higher. Not features revisions of the Utility. to the Utilitys information which You the and the Navisphere the them that connected to the
Admhost The Admhost that interactively It only Microsoft or operating and with SAN Copy and /A and The that interactively or to and snapshots. The the connected to the with the Microsoft or commands to Scan Assign to the to the operating cache to and The Admhost and that to Navisphere that that the Navisphere indicated otherwise, to to or only. commands to: Scan Assign to the to the operating cache to and and to and The and that to Navisphere that that the Navisphere About the Applications About EMC Navisphere software
About the Applications VSS Navisphere CLI The CLI or as to It command interface including provisioning, and information and You the CLI to through and batch CLI commands functions and with the The CLI commands web-based and with software that the Navisphere CLI includes the operating Classic, and CLI information, to the EMC Navisphere Command Interface (CLI) Reference EMC Products The VSS allows to functionality using the VSS framework and other introduced Microsoft The VSS and that to Navisphere that that the Navisphere The Navisphere CLI and that to Navisphere that that the Navisphere
This chapter to and the Navisphere connected to the as the topics the Navisphere Utility...................................................................................................2-2 the Navisphere Utility..2-3 the Navisphere Utility........2-6 and the Navisphere and the Navisphere
and the Navisphere the Navisphere EMC Products To the Navisphere to the the following of the or operating connected to the as the of the that to This with or to the You the Navisphere from the CD as To the from the CD EMC recommends that the the as the Navisphere
the Navisphere and the Navisphere You the the ESX to the as the or who the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere The If the follow these to From the the the following and then OK or where the the CD From the Products The INSTALL PRODUCTS Select Navisphere the Navisphere Next the Navisphere the where the and the Navisphere
and the Navisphere EMC Products this or of the following: New the Navisphere Next the the Customer Information and and Next. the Choose Destination Location Next to the location or to specify location. If or the location Files\EMC\Navisphere If the location (x86)\EMC\Navisphere If the already prompted with would to Click to the The Navisphere the location as the revision. the Complete to the the selecting and then the CD from the CD-ROM
To the Navisphere and the Navisphere On the the that to as the or the Select On the The Select Navisphere and Change/Remove If to the OK You the the Navisphere
and the Navisphere the Navisphere To the from To the from the CD EMC Products You the Navisphere from which or from the CD. To the from the directory, EMC Navisphere Navisphere Utility. information the Navisphere Utility, from the to the as the or who the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere The If the follow these to From the the the following and then OK or where the the CD From the Products from CD The RUN PRODUCTS Select Navisphere
This chapter to the Navisphere and the Navisphere Utility. You the and the Navisphere the (the that I/O). they that connected to the topics which to and Navisphere the Navisphere the Navisphere the Navisphere Utility.......................................3-14 the Navisphere and the Navisphere or and the Navisphere or
and the Navisphere or which to EMC Products the or You both the however, them attached to the If Navisphere the Utility; the and Navisphere If ESX with software the to the least to the the the and the attached to or Navisphere
Differences the and the Table Function LUN and OS information to the to information to the network to the installation. You the You the the from the CD. that the You to the Service LUN information displays the UI, to the LUN or with the CLI using the command. user interaction and You required. whether information to the or the Service It the of the the service anytime through the Services option the Microsoft UI. Network allows LUN information to to the and the Navisphere or LUN information displays the UI, to the LUN or with the CLI using the command. The text Manually appears to the the UI indicating that the this LUN information through to the which to LUN information to the the hosts ID, and IP to the The Manually appears to the the UI indicating that the this and You whether information to the or the Service It the of the the service anytime through the Services option the Microsoft UI. there the Service connected to LUN information LUN information to the You the from the CD. that the You it to the Service
and the Navisphere or and EMC Products To the or the the following of the or operating the EMC HBA and connected to each SP each directly or through switch or the only TCP/IP connected to each SP the The TCP/IP allows the to LUN information to the and allows to with the the information about the revisions of the operating and the FLARE or Access software that of the the Release Notes the the EMC To this information
the Navisphere To the This section to the Navisphere connected to Navisphere or FC4700 You the and the the them that connected to the If the installed, the To the the that connected to the which to the as the or who the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere The If the follow these to From the the the following and then OK where the the CD From the Products The INSTALL PRODUCTS and the Navisphere or the Navisphere
and the Navisphere or EMC Products Select Navisphere the Navisphere Next the the the and to the terms. the Customer Information the information, and Next the Choose Destination Next to the location. prompted about the Microsoft Initiator, Microsoft Software the operating the location of the following: On or Files\EMC\Navisphere On (x86)\EMC\Navisphere The to the and then displays the Navisphere Service successfully. the Navisphere OK The to or existing If appear the the to to the Create/Overwrite option. If the to to the Existing option. To or overwrite the following: Click Create/Overwrite the to
To the existing the following: Click Existing The of the appears the If to the of the or to the the Privileged those users allowed to connected to the You specify least who to the Navisphere and the If appears when to this To to the Click The Privileged the account the of the Click OK To from the Select the user Click Click OK to the and/or the The the with the user and the the Navisphere indicating that the service If prompted to the If the Microsoft Software the NIC to to the and the Navisphere or the Navisphere
and the Navisphere or EMC Products If of the and to the If updated the and using the from previously Stop the as the service or the to the as Starting the service the as Starting the service If the to each the with. To the of the following: the Remote of as the EMC Navisphere the CLI as the Navisphere Command Interface (CLI) Reference heavy input/output (that using the information reported to the such the to This when Also, the SP and the to the the to If with NIC the and or the following to that the the NIC the directory and the and the first type the of the that to Navisphere.
What What whether Navisphere to the connected to the On the type the IP that to Navisphere. the and then and the If to the section Starting the service If the or CLI existing finished the CLI to the section Starting the service information and the Navisphere or the Navisphere
and the Navisphere or To the EMC Products To information, the and the to location or Navisphere software. On the the that to as the or the Stop the service as follows: From the right-click and Services and Applications Services The Services Stop the the Services right-click Navisphere and Stop If to to the service, the Services Select On the The Select Navisphere and Change/Remove and to the OK The to the Navisphere directory, or If the software the Navisphere directory, which includes the and This from the If to proceed. Click to and the Navisphere directory or to the of this directory.
the What If the finished the If prompted to shared and/or that the service already or OK The Click You the Navisphere and such action as or The software that with Navisphere interactive to these and If such and actions the On or Files\EMC\Navisphere Agent\Navimon.cfg On (x86)\EMC\Navisphere The self-documenting; that text to and what actions to the To the the Navisphere CLI as the Navisphere Command Interface (CLI) Reference If to the section, Starting the service and the Navisphere or the
and the Navisphere or the the service EMC Products This section to and the service. This section to the connected to the If the Navisphere service to the following: At the as the or the From the right-click and Services and Applications Services The Services the Services right-click Navisphere and If the to Right-click Navisphere and The Navisphere Select the The It the to of the following Applications the The SP and the
the service To the service, the following: At the as the or the From the right-click and Services and Applications Services The Services the Services right-click Navisphere and Stop If to to the service, and the Services or The to the connected to the EMC recommends that Navisphere instead of the CLI, to as the EMC Navisphere and the Navisphere or the
and the Navisphere or the Navisphere To the EMC Products This section to the Navisphere connected to or If the Navisphere the Navisphere the If to the that currently the the the Utility. the You the ESX which the EMC Products and ESX (P/N You the from the CD, as To the from the CD EMC recommends that the the On the the If the to the through the Microsoft Software the Utility. If connected only to Navisphere or lower, and the that shipped with that connected to the which Utility. to the as the or who
the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere The If the follow these to From the the the following and then OK or where the the CD From the Products From the Products Navisphere to the Follow the instructions the and the If or higher, the Service option as of the type). The Service option the or HBAs with the the and information to the whenever the mount or If prompted about information when the If the to the You the when the to If the to the with and the Navisphere Utility, the NIC to the and the Navisphere or the Navisphere
and the Navisphere or To the EMC Products Click to the the CD from the CD information using the Utility, from the On the the that to as the or the Select On the Add/Remove The Select Navisphere or Navisphere (AX) and Change/Remove and to the OK You the
the Navisphere To the from To the from the CD You the Navisphere from which or from the CD. or higher, information updated the Service the Utility. To the from the directory, EMC Navisphere Navisphere information the Navisphere Utility, from the to the as the or who the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere The If the products follow these to From the the the following and then OK or where the the CD From the Products from CD From the Products Navisphere and the Navisphere or the Navisphere
and the Navisphere or EMC Products
This chapter to the Admhost Utility, Utility, and the VSS This chapter to and to the that to The Admhost and and Navisphere topics Admhost the Admhost the Admhost the the VSS the VSS the VSS and the Admhost and and the Admhost and
and the and the Admhost To the Admhost EMC Products The only the following Microsoft platforms: or the of these operating the Release Notes If ESX the the to the or as the or as who You existing revision. If think already the Navisphere Admhost and the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere The If the follow these to From the the the following and then OK where the the CD From the Products The INSTALL PRODUCTS
Select Admhost and then the operating the The following three options The Navisphere Admhost Click Next to The appears. Click to the The Customer Information appears. If and displayed correctly, type them and Next The Choose Destination Location appears. Click Next to choose the Files\EMC\Navisphere Admhost or to and/or The Select Click Next to the to the or choose another the the location specified. Complete appears. Click to the the CD-ROM from its and You the software or the If selected the the directory Files\EMC\Navisphere Admhost and the Admhost and the Admhost
and the Admhost and the Admhost Function and The the and assigns to and that already the and switches to the and assign to that (WWN). This assign to other The to offline and them to the operating The the and dismounts the the to the back EMC Products Table the commands and their function SAN Copy Table functions and If admhost_activate and found, and already assigned to the and reports where the WWN of the LUN to which to assign the switch). the to assign to the LUN the switch). displays the If the activates than the assigned to the first the -o type][ where -o the of the to If the the its dismounts and then the offline. optional switch that the type or of the to displays the
Function and The command flushes write the specified to The the and where displays the WWN of the to the or of the to the The the and WWN the The switch specify physicaldrive as the This displays the each and the of the Admhost Utility. shown below. Revision V1.1.0.0.0 operations and and and the Admhost and -o where displays -o the or of the to flush. optional switch that the type or of the to If the the and the Admhost
and the Admhost and the To the EMC Products strongly that to with the The only the following Microsoft platforms: or If to FLARE OE or higher, to or higher. FLARE, that operating or higher. to the Release Notes or the EMC the of these operating the Release Notes and the Utility, of to the release and Access the If ESX the the to the or the as the or as who If already installed, to to The the existing revision. the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere
The If the follow these to From the the the following and then OK where the the CD From the Products The INSTALL PRODUCTS Select and then the operating the The following three options The Navisphere Click Next to The Click to the The Customer Information appears. If and displayed correctly, type them and Next The Choose Destination Location Click Next to choose the or to and/or operating the location of the following: On or Files\EMC\Navisphere On Navisphere The Select and the Admhost and the
and the Admhost and To the the EMC Products Click Next to the to the or choose another the the location specified. Complete appears. Click to the the CD-ROM from its and You the software or If to the Utility, Navisphere and information using the Utility, to the EMC Command Interfaces Reference
the VSS with Navisphere with Navisphere The VSS and ESX the the ESX as the The ESX as the secondary and therefore the the of this operating the Release Notes and the VSS of to the release and Access the Navisphere Command Interface (CLI) the which the VSS Navisphere or the Navisphere the that the VSS attached to the the or the and the VSS the Navisphere the as the VSS attached to the the and the Admhost and the VSS
and the Admhost and To the VSS EMC Products From the that Navisphere Command Interface (CLI) follow the below to the VSS If and CLI the attached to the the VSS from the CD that shipped with This of the VSS the Navisphere CLI the the CD that shipped with the CD-ROM From the Products From the Products VSS and follow the instructions. another the VSS the following location: C: EMC VSS without Navisphere CLI, Navisphere CLI the following location: C: EMC Navisphere CLI the CD from the CD-ROM the directory where Navisphere CLI, Files\EMC\Navisphere The should the IP of each SP instance, VSS operations and these connected to the their IP as follows: SPA SPB SPA SPB Then the of the would
To the VSS the VSS If to the VSS or VSS and The VSS interface and the VSS service built information using VSS or VSS to the that shipped with operating and the Admhost and the VSS
and the Admhost and EMC Products
This chapter to Navisphere CLI and to the that to Navisphere CLI. CLI and Navisphere topics Navisphere CLI Navisphere CLI.................................................................5-3 Navisphere CLI.......................................................................5-4 and Navisphere CLI and Navisphere CLI
and Navisphere CLI Navisphere CLI EMC Products To the Navisphere CLI, the following of the or operating the EMC HBA and connected to each SP each directly or through switch or Each SP IP TCP/IP connected to each SP the This allow CLI to with the the If to the CLI the to the TCP/IP connected to both the and each SP the The AIX, HP-UX, IRIX, NetWare, Solaris, or the operating
Navisphere CLI If ESX Navisphere CLI the ESX or to the ESX or the as the or who If the CLI already as To the CLI The overwrite existing the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere The If the follow these to From the the the following and then OK where the the CD From the Products The INSTALL PRODUCTS Select Navisphere CLI If of the CLI, appears indicating that the software and with the the Navisphere CLI Next the the the Software and to the terms. the Customer Information the information the as the and Next and Navisphere CLI Navisphere CLI
and Navisphere CLI To the CLI On the ESX or that the CLI that to as the or the Navisphere CLI EMC Products the Choose Destination Location Next to the location. operating the location of the following: On or Files\EMC\Navisphere CLI On (x86)\EMC\Navisphere CLI the Select Next to the Navisphere The the to the the Complete to the the selecting and then the CD from the CD-ROM Select On the The Select Navisphere CLI and Change/Remove and to the OK The Click You the information Navisphere CLI, to the EMC Navisphere Command Interface (CLI) Reference
This to or of the Navisphere Utility, Navisphere Navisphere Utility, and Navisphere CLI. The procedures this advanced only. topics About installations or ...........................................A-2 the Navisphere Utility.............................A-3 Removing the Navisphere ...........................A-6 the or Navisphere the .............................................................A-16 the or the Navisphere Utility......................................A-20 Removing the Navisphere ....................................A-23 the or Navisphere CLI Navisphere CLI..............................................................A-26 Navisphere CLI............................................................A-29 the or Installations and Installations and A-1
Installations and About installations or A-2 EMC Products and command interface to or attached To the or to of the attached the which allows to or the attached using that user input. The following Navisphere products installations and CLI The procedures this or operating only. information the revisions the and CLI, to section each The and CLI with Navisphere
the Navisphere the that the Navisphere least attached to It that that Navisphere the command interface advanced If that the as the Navisphere To the follow the below. to the as or who If the already the as A-6. The overwrite existing To of the the each the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere From the CD-ROM directory, to the navi_storage_system_initialization or the AX100_storage_system_initialization Select the Navisphere_Initialization_Wizard.exe or the Install_Navisphere_Initialization_Wizard.exe Click Next the Navisphere Click to the where the should then The Navisphere and to the specified A-3 the Navisphere Installations and
and Creating A-4 EMC Products Click when the and to the such as DOS to the directory where the (the and You the the section. the the below. The the that the attached using command. Since input required, this to as The Pathnames or containing fullpath\responsefilename where Indicates that created. ullpath\responsefilename the and of the this the Utility). If the already shared directory, to directory that attached the
Performing On another attached the which created the of the commands below to the Utility. fullpath\responsefilename fullpath\logfilename where Indicates installation. input the command. fullpath\responsefilename the of the created A-4. fullpath\logfilename the and of the that the directory from another installation. that the the or A-32) the attached If the attached A-5 the Navisphere Installations and
Installations and the Navisphere Creating A-6 EMC Products To of the Navisphere the of the If revisions that the Navisphere using the interface advanced To the follow the below. to the as or who and to the following registry HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE SOFTWARE> Microsoft CurrentVersion Uninstall {8210BD3A-00C2-11D4-9A6C-0060B0FB53A4} UninstallString Select and the text within the UninstallString as below. C:\PROGRA~1\COMMON~1\INSTAL~1\engine\6\INTEL3~1\ctor. Information\{8210BD3A-00C2-11D4-9A6C-0060B0FB53A4}\se -STARTEDFROMADDREMOVEPROGRAMS. such as DOS
Performing the the below. The consists of the text from the registry and switches as shown below. The Pathnames or containing InitUtilUninstallString fullpath\responsefilename where InitUtilUninstallString the UninstallString text A-6. Indicates that created. fullpath\responsefilename the and of the On another attached the which created the the below to the Utility. creating the occurred the where the created. This why to this that InitUtilUninstallString ullpath\responsefilename fullpath\ where InitUtilUninstallString the UninstallString text A-6. A-7 the Navisphere Installations and
Installations and A-8 EMC Products Indicates input the command. fullpath\responsefilename the and of the created A-7. fullpath\logfilename the and of the Information\{8210BD3A-00C2-11D4-9A6C-0060B0FB53A4}\set -STARTEDFROMADDREMOVEPROGRAMS -f1E:\aSafeDir\inittoolUninst.iss -f2C:\aLocalSafeDir\inittoolUninst.log where that this using the recorded E:\aSafeDir\inittoolUninst.iss It then the -f2C:\aLocalSafeDir\inittoolUninst.log that the to the section, the or the command the other attached If the and A-7 attached
Navisphere or earlier or the which of the follow the below. that the Navisphere using the interface advanced user and with the If that these products the as Chapter and the Navisphere or If Revision or earlier of the or CLI, the as Chapter and the Navisphere or If Revision or to the below. to the as or who If the already as A-16 Revision or or Revision or The overwrite existing the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere From the CD-ROM directory, to the Select the Click Next the Navisphere Click to the where the should then A-9 Navisphere Installations and
Installations and Creating A-10 EMC Products The Navisphere and to the specified Click when the and to the such as DOS to the directory where the (the and You the the section. the the below. The the that the attached command. input required, this to as installation. The Pathnames or containing fullpath\responsefilename fullpath and where Indicates that created. ullpath\responsefilename the and of the this the The Navisphere the as specified other options with the of this section). You this switch with the switch. You this switch with the switch.
the the The the as specified other options with A-15). You this switch with the switch. You this switch with the switch. fullpath and the to with the pathname and to which the The then to the directory as when the You this switch with the or switch. that already the directory which the with whatever accompanying and or specifies. Without this switch the to installation: PrimaryServer If the already shared directory, to directory that attached the A-11 Navisphere and
and Performing A-12 EMC Products On another attached the which created the of the commands below to the If existing and to the installation, fullpath\responsefilename fullpath\logfilename where Indicates installation. input the command. fullpath\responsefilename the pathname of the created A-10. fullpath\logfilename the pathname and of the that the directory from another installation. -f2C:\aLocalSafeDir\agentInst.log If or existing fullpath and fullpath\responsefilename fullpath\logfilename If creating or existing specify the with the switch or the or switch.
where The the as specified other options with A-15). You this switch with the switch. You this switch with the switch. the the The the user as specified other options with A-15). You this switch with the switch. You this switch with the switch. fullpath and the that with the pathname and to which the installed. The then it to the directory as when the You this switch with the or switch. Indicates installation. input the command. fullpath\responsefilename the of the created A-10. fullpath\logfilename the pathname and of the that the directory from another A-13 Navisphere Installations and
Installations and A-14 EMC Products that already the directory which the with whatever accompanying and or specifies. Without this switch the If the directory where the installed, of the following the The options with the switches To force the option, specify the switch. The below when specifying user information. The below while the that used. The below with the specified -f1E:\aSafeDir\agentInst.iss -f2C:\aLocalSafeDir\agentInst.log The below with the existing -f2C:\aLocalSafeDir\agentInst.log
What What whether or CLI to the connected to the The following the switch, which force of existing with the specify with the and or switches. The below and existing the specified directory with and other The below existing with the -f2C:\aLocalSafeDir\agentInst.log that the the or A-32) the attached If the attached then to If of the optional switches should the switches installations other attached with the switches the other If specified information the the following used: If to the service If the or CLI existing finished the CLI to the service information A-15 Navisphere Installations and
Installations and the Removing or Removing or Creating A-16 EMC Products which of the follow the below. that the Navisphere the interface advanced and with the If that these products the as To the If Revision or of the the as To the This section to the or to the as or who and to the following registry HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE SOFTWARE> Microsoft Uninstall {249CF790-30CE-11D4-9A87-0060B0FB53A4} UninstallString
and the text within the UninstallString as below. C:\PROGRA~1\COMMON~1\INSTAL~1\engine\6\INTEL3~1\ctor. Information\{249CF790-30CE-11D4-9A87-0060B0FB53A4}\ -STARTEDFROMADDREMOVEPROGRAMS" such as DOS the the below. The the that the attached The consists of the text from the registry and switches as shown below. The If when to the the using this the Pathnames or containing HostAgentUninstallString fullpath\responsefilename where The UninstallString text Indicates that created. fullpath\responsefilename the pathname and of the A-17 Removing the and
Installations and Performing A-18 EMC Products On another attached the which created the the command to the creating the occurred the where the created. This why to this that ullpath\responsefilename fullpath\ where the UninstallString text A-17. Indicates user input the command. path\responsefilename the of the created A-17. fullpath\logfilename the and of the
Information\{249CF790-30CE-11D4-9A87-0060B0FB53A4}\ -STARTEDFROMADDREMOVEPROGRAMS -f1E:\aSafeDir\agentUninst.iss -f2C:\aLocalSafeDir\agentUninst.log where operation this the recorded It then the C:\aLocalSafeDir\agentUninst.log that the to the section, the or the the other attached If the and attached A-19 Removing the Installations and
Installations and the Navisphere the A-20 EMC Products that the Navisphere that Navisphere the interface advanced If that the as the Navisphere To the follow the below. to the as or who If the already the as A-23 (command instructions). The overwrite existing To of the the each attached the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere From the CD-ROM directory, to the or the Select the Navisphere_Server_Utility.exe or the Install_Navisphere_Server_Utility.exe Click Next the Navisphere
Creating Click to the where the should then The Navisphere and to the specified Click when the and to the command such as DOS to the directory where the (the and You the the section. the the below. The the that the attached command. Since input required, this to as installation. The Pathnames or containing fullpath\responsefilename where Indicates that created. ullpath\responsefilename the and of the this the Utility). If the already directory, it to directory that attached the A-21 the Navisphere Installations and
Installations and Performing A-22 EMC Products On another attached the which created the of the commands below to the Utility. fullpath\responsefilename fullpath\logfilename where Indicates installation. input the command. fullpath\responsefilename the pathname of the created A-21. fullpath\logfilename the and of the that the directory from another installation. that the the or A-32) the attached
the Navisphere Creating To of the Navisphere the of the If revisions that the Navisphere using the interface advanced To the follow the below. to the as or who and to the following registry HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE SOFTWARE> Microsoft CurrentVersion Uninstall {5089BD3A-00C2-11D4-9A6C-0060B0FB53A4} UninstallString Select and the text within the UninstallString as below. C:\PROGRA~1\COMMON~1\INSTAL~1\engine\6\INTEL3~1\ctor. Information\{5089BD3A-00C2-11D4-9A6C-0060B0FB53A4}\se -STARTEDFROMADDREMOVEPROGRAMS such as DOS A-23 the Navisphere and
Installations and Performing A-24 EMC Products the the below. The consists of the text from the registry and switches as shown below. The Pathname or containing fullpath\responsefilename where the UninstallString text A-23. Indicates that created. fullpath\responsefilename the and of the On another attached the which created the command the below to the Utility. creating the occurred the where the created. This why to this that ullpath\responsefilename fullpath\ where the UninstallString text A-23.
Indicates input the command. fullpath\responsefilename the pathname of the created A-24. fullpath\logfilename the and of the Information\{5089BD3A-00C2-11D4-9A6C-0060B0FB53A4}\set -STARTEDFROMADDREMOVEPROGRAMS -f1E:\aSafeDir\serverutilUninst.iss -f2C:\aLocalSafeDir\serverutilUninst.log where operation this using the recorded It then the -f2C:\aLocalSafeDir\serverutilUninst.log that the to the section, the or the the other If the and A-24 attached A-25 the Navisphere and
and Navisphere CLI or earlier or the A-26 EMC Products which of Navisphere CLI follow the below. that Navisphere CLI the command interface advanced If that the using the as Chapter and Navisphere CLI If Revision or of, the as Chapter and Navisphere CLI If Revision or to the below. to the as or who If CLI already as A-29 Revision or or Revision or The overwrite existing CLI the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere From the CD-ROM directory, to the Select the Click Next the Navisphere CLI
Creating Click to the where the should then The Navisphere CLI and to the specified Click when the and to the such as DOS to the directory where the CLI (the CLI and You the the section. Navisphere CLI the command below. The the that the CLI attached command. Since this input, this to as installation. The command Pathname or containing fullpath\responsefilename where Indicates that created. ullpath\responsefilename the pathname and of the If the already shared directory, to directory that attached the A-27 Navisphere CLI Installations and
Installations and Performing A-28 EMC Products On another attached the which created the of the commands below to the CLI. fullpath\responsefilename fullpath\logfilename where Indicates installation. input the command. fullpath\responsefilename the of the CLI created A-27. fullpath\logfilename the and of the that the directory from another installation. that the the or A-32) the attached
Removing Navisphere CLI or earlier Removing or Creating which of Navisphere CLI follow the below. that the CLI the interface advanced If that the the as To the CLI If Revision or earlier of the CLI, the as To the CLI This section to the CLI or to the as or who and to the following CLI registry HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE SOFTWARE> Microsoft CurrentVersion Uninstall {2783BD3A-00C2-11D4-9A6C-0060B0FB53A4} UninstallString Select and the text within the CLI UninstallString as below. C:\PROGRA~1\COMMON~1\INSTAL~1\engine\6\INTEL3~1\ctor. Information\{2783BD3A-00C2-11D4-9A6C-0060B0FB53A4}\ -STARTEDFROMADDREMOVEPROGRAMS" such as DOS A-29 Navisphere CLI Installations and
and Performing A-30 EMC Products the CLI the command below. The consists of the text from the CLI registry and switches as shown below. The Pathname or containing CLIUninstallString fullpath\responsefilename where CLIUninstallString the CLI UninstallString text A-29. Indicates that created. path\responsefilename the and of the On another attached the which created the the command below to CLI. creating the occurred the where the created. This why to this that CLIUninstallString ullpath\responsefilename fullpath\ where CLIUninstallString the CLI UninstallString text A-29. Indicates user input the command.
path\responsefilename the of the created A-30. fullpath\logfilename the and of the Information\{249CF790-30CE-11D4-9A87-0060B0FB53A4}\ -STARTEDFROMADDREMOVEPROGRAMS -f1E:\aSafeDir\cliUninst.iss -f2C:\aLocalSafeDir\cliUninst.log where that this using the recorded E:\aSafeDir\cliUninst.iss. It then the C:\aLocalSafeDir\cliUninst.log that the to the section, the or the the other attached If the and attached A-31 Removing Navisphere CLI Installations and
and the or A-32 EMC Products This section allows to the or of the Utility, Utility, and CLI the each You specified the and location of the of the and of the the If of displays, the or If the or or of the A-1 displayed: Table A-1 found the There the and the operation. of Navisphere might specified the optional switches correctly. Not enough memory The specified with the option might write to the to write to the to the Not type or type Unknown of
Table A-1 the specified the specified or option selected If or of these of the with the interface, the related to the of the If of the the of the using Navisphere CLI. Navisphere CLI allows to the of from From attached as or with command interface, such as DOS to where Navisphere CLI should interactive or as and the command: or IP where or IP the or IP of the which to the that the the the switch with the switch, should the of the specified with the switch. the following command: that the correct. A-33 the or Installations and
and A-34 EMC Products
that interactively It Microsoft or operating and with SAN and MirrorView/A and that interactively or to and snapshots. The the connected to the with the Microsoft and AIX, HP-UX, IRIX, NetWare, and operating The of selecting from service the This related to of these terms this the of the which or to LUN number.You as of the following RAID types: RAID RAID RAID EMC Products
FC-AL of stations such that from to the FC-AL ID that as You the FC-AL ID SP using switches the back of the The FC-AL ID SP the FC-AL ID SP EMC Products RAID RAID RAID or the LUN to the operating the LUN its or information the LUN. You (and Navisphere or the CLI as the Navisphere or and CLI C cache CLI that RAID and them RAID RAID and Navisphere CLI that Navisphere information Navisphere CLI, to the Navisphere and CLI AIX self-contained that the front of the It consists of the assembly, which the and the board. LUN. physical or
high-speed, bidirectional, computers, and The the board within the chassis that allows the to the through the (HBA). FLARE software that the operation of the You FLARE software using Navisphere Software that the that connected to the and that with the FLARE software the information the Navisphere to the Navisphere and CLI NetWare bound as that the to RAID RAID RAID or RAID LUN. bound as of other the the operating software highly software with another preferably internal The as its interface. The easy-to-use through the to EMC Products
(LUN) or or of bound entity, (LUN). SCSI This the LUN. The RAID RAID RAID RAID RAID RAID RAID or The operating the LUN, which might include than as of memory SP memory Navisphere Utility. Navisphere Utility. EMC Products LUN (LUN). of (and optionally, software, third) of that becomes The and the without There of which the synchronization of the and software which the operating synchronization. Mirroring further the with graphical interface that RAID and them RAID RAID and Navisphere that Navisphere information Navisphere to the Navisphere
with of FLARE software that RAID or RAID of RAID or bound as RAID group. These of three, four, or each. RAID the of RAID with the of that each SP to each LUN through indicated the The to the SP that owns the LUN, and the secondary to the other SP. The SP which LUN bound the of the the to to the secondary the of SP or with its of RAID RAID RAID RAID and RAID RAID Three or bound as (the reads and writes information with than RAID offers performance I/O to intrinsically offer high high software the RAID bound that the RAID that (as with RAID The information that the to and With RAID I/O than with RAID and information distributed of them. RAID that of or EMC Products
RAID of which or of RAID type. The RAID type that of the first LUN bound the group. of FLARE software to RAID RAID with of FLARE software that RAID The allowing to or without the Applications while the secondary or secondary or SP that the software. to using the to the the relays and from Navisphere to or the the LUN information back to the or information from the EMC Products to that of from the of the RAID Three to that which the writes to or reads from with high information each The of RAID the of that operating and and
interface to the Navisphere Utility, Navisphere Utility, or Navisphere CLI attached You of the attached which the that allows to these attached command. This input. interface to the Navisphere Utility, Navisphere Utility, or Navisphere CLI attached You of the attached which the that allows to these attached command. This input. SP (of SP memory Memory or that the SP. SP least memory to the cache. that (SPS) with of SPS the write If the SPS allows the SP to write the cache to the cache You SPS without applications. of with the Access option. connected to connected to only each (SP) with memory that the the chassis. The SP FLARE software that the of the higher SP chassis. SP (SP). of about (such as the SP. You this Navisphere SPS supply (SPS). EMC Products
write and SPS required. The SP (caches) information temporarily its memory, which when written to and/or from LUN. caching each SP the information the other SP. The of LUN such that reads and writes with and allowing of read/write heads to the once, performance. You as RAID group, RAID group, RAID or RAID group. The of the the each the of the group. RAID RAID RAID the RAID. EMC Products