EMC Corporation South MA Corporate Headquarters 424-EMC2 Service SVC-4EMC EMC Switch DS-16B and DS-8B USER GUIDE P/N
Copyright EMC Corporation. rights Printed March of this or distributed or or or without the written of EMC Corporation. The information this to without EMC Corporation responsibility that appear. software including to this furnished and or only with the of such EMC owns or the right to the software this EMC Corporation rights, title and the software EMC Corporation warranties, or implied, of or otherwise, relating to this the products or the software EMC CORPORATION DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. EMC Corporation indirect, or or whatsoever from the of or profits, of this of the of such DS-16B and DS-8B extensively tested and to UL1950, CSA IEC 950/EN of Information Including FCC B; CISPR22 Class A; EN55022; EN50082-1. This with ICES-003. NMB-003 Warning! This Class this interference which the to A. Attention! A. Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Agency
United States: This and The type tested and found to with the Class to of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference. of this interference which the user his to whatever to the interference. to this the the authority to this of the FCC Information EMC EMC, MOSAIC:2000, and and EMC The Company, The EMC Effect, EDM, SDMS, SRDF, PowerPath, EMC EMC EMC Universal and of EMC Corporation. of Microsoft Corporation. and of of Microsystems. other the property of their respective owners. Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
Introducing Switch Workstation Additional Software Browser......................................................... the the the Workstation..................... Topology Table Administration QuickLoop Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
Chapter Interface Customer Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Switch Switch Information GBIC Watch Notifications Thresholds Performance Interface................................................................. Switch Administration.................................................................... Administration........................................................................ Switch SNMP Administration Administration................................................................. Remote Switch................................................................................ QuickLoop Administration.......................................................... Switch Information Report.................................................... (Optional Software).................................. Interface............................................................................... A-2 of and A-3 Troubleshooting the A-4 Calling the Customer A-5 the A-6 Reporting New A-7 A-8
Summary Topology Topology Table Administration Administration QuickLoop Administration Administration Administration Switch Switch Information Information GBIC Information Information LIP Notifications Watch Threshold with Class Selected Threshold with Class Selected Watch Performance Network Switch Administration Administration Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
Switch SNMP Administration Administration Remote Switch QuickLoop Administration Switch Information Initiating A-1 Detection and A-3 Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
Topology to QuickLoop Switch Switch Information GBIC LIP and GBIC Thresholds Additional Class Thresholds Switch Administration Administration Switch SNMP Administration Administration Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
Remote QuickLoop Administration Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
This of the Switch DS-16B and DS-8B and Customer and Switch of where information located this This and instructions as as information using each function. This information related publications, and software Chapter Introducing of and summary of the information through Chapter the and instructions and information about and instructions each of the Chapter Interface information about and instructions each of the A, Customer that should to when the EMC Customer The of related with switches. Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
Related Publications Other publications that related information Used EMC the following this and Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Switch DS-16B and DS-8B OS P/N Switch DS-16B QuickLoop Reference P/N information that hazard-related. CAUTION information to to the or The apply to or software. WARNING warning information to that injury, death, or property the warning. DANGER information to that injury, death, or property the warning. EMC the following type this and items text Selections from the interface, including buttons, options, and field New or text Command when text titles
Where to technical office. to the accuracy, organization, and of the user publications. Please to with opinions of this of and displays and or directory entry. service, United States: (SVC-4EMC) (543-4SVC) Worldwide: and Customer Support. Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
Introducing Introducing
Introducing Switch DS-16B and DS-8B graphical that to and and switches and from workstation. the following information and of and the to the The of switches the Access to functions to the functions Switch beaconing and and of interfaces to locating to and QuickLoops of and the to switches: Summary information about each switch Access to switches Switch and to OS and switch information of and the to Information about GBIC Interface IDs Information about connected information performance including counts and counts
Table Initial Launching that to fabric-wide each switch the that the of the background the Switch Each that the switch to Switch and the and interfaces. The background of the switch the of that switch or Integrated (as the the from the the which the of the of the switches the Accessed clicking the the Topology physical including active paths, and routing information. Accessed clicking the Topology the the Table the to Table information about the attached to the Accessed clicking the the to and information about the through of to aspects of the the (Table Switch approximately once second; however the seconds the switch booted. It from the of the switch, and as the switchStatus. that based the to the passed. Introducing
Introducing Summary and of Switch information about switches, including of switch Accessed clicking the Switch switch The Switch the the Switch Interface, Watch Interface, Performance and Information It includes that the of the switch and beacon. Switch the the switch. Accessed clicking the the switch This through Switch Switch Interface interface commands switch troubleshooting, and Accessed clicking the the switch This through Switch Interface interface such as Interface or switch. Accessed clicking the the switch This through Switch Interface Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Table interface to including QuickLoops, Assists, and Accessed clicking the the
Table From Switch Information statistics and the selected GBIC, or options Accessed clicking the the Switch The the switch graphic the of and the LED the supply the of the Switch the the switch. Accessed clicking Switch This through Interface interface commands switch troubleshooting, and Accessed clicking Switch This through Watch and displays and performance counter when of Accessed clicking Watch Switch The of this the of the switch that within the interface functions such as Interface firmware or switch. Accessed clicking Switch This through Performance Graphically throughput each and displays switch Accessed clicking Switch Click to the beacon, which light the front of the switch, or off. Appearance of whether beacon The of this the of the switch that within the Introducing
Introducing Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
This chapter the following information: Installation...........................................................................................2-3
Switch to switches that the following Workstation The following items the and operation of Switch DS-16B and DS-8B The workstation and the switch both the and of Switches: EMC DS-16B and DS-8B OS One of the following operating or or NT RAM operating only): MB of switches or MB containing than switches MB of free One of the following browsers: or or The of the the operating NT, or or Solaris: Solaris, including the patch created
software the factory. Additional Software If the following software already and to the following to to If already of the following browsers: the the of with or of of the the workstation, already of the with of the the workstation, already or or The cache cleared the of OS cache of and/or to performance the options selected browser), which incorrect To from Select Preferences Select Advanced the text to then On the Clear Memory Click Clear
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Click OK and the refreshed to the of the Switch To the refresh Select Preferences from the Click to the Advanced and From cache to Every Click OK Correct operation of with clearing the cache installation, and specifying the refresh and The cache cleared the of OS The cache of and/or to performance options selected browser), which incorrect To cached from Select from the or from the Select the From Temporary Click OK then and the refreshed every to the operation of the Switch To the refresh Select from the using or from the From Temporary the and From of Every to the
the the Workstation the The selected. To the Select or Select the Advanced and to the Browsing category. From Browsing process, or the workstation the of The the operating workstations both the and the created Microsystems with the Solaris. To the Solaris: the the such as the Microsystems Follow the instructions to the Solaris. the.cshrc and the to the the following to the .cshrc NPX_PLUG-IN_PATH=/opt/NSCPcom/plug-in NPX_PLUG_IN_PATH To the patch Solaris: to the the SEARCH option to the patch and the SEARCH option and the the search field and or, the SEARCH option and the the search field and
the or NT Platforms Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Follow the to the patch, and the when the patch and the the and the switchs IP Address. and NT workstations or To the of the NT, or and necessary: whether the and necessary: If the ready to If to the to the Microsystems the then the downloaded to the If outdated currently the browser, follow the to the Microsystems and the You once the the To the the switch or IP (such as the Location/Address field and the information about
This chapter the and interfaces through which of the following: Topology Table Administration Switch Switch Information Watch Performance Switches through such as through the SNMP, and the of which To that correctly applied, that the switch from
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B The the first that displays when to switch, and to information about each switch, to other options and the to switch Every switch the switch To and the browser. the switch or IP the Location/Address field and This switch to the To information to QuickLoop, the QuickLoop switch the
Table the items The the of information about this Topology information about this Topology Table information about this Administration information about this Administration
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Summary/Detail the Summary or of The Summary shows switch the of the background of the switch The Switch the right of Switch Switch the switch. switch type The background around the the of the switch information about this Switch Switch to the switch information about this Switch Switch Administration information about this Interface the Interface the switch information about this Interface Healthy of and readings) than readings) Unknown or If from switch, displays the background that based the to the passed.
Table or of the or currently the of the The of the switch. OS of OS the switch. ID that the switch within the Ethernet IP Ethernet IP Ethernet Ethernet IP IP Gateway IP Gateway IP WWN the switch; assigned The the of information about this Topology information about this Topology Table information about this Table with the Summary selected.
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Summary
The of switches the To the the switch or IP the Location/Address field and Click The displays. To the the header. To the
Switch the of the switch the affected switch the of Count the of of the severity of the Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Table the the Table (switch 3warning 4information
Topology The Topology the physical of the from the perspective of the (the of the switch as URL the This includes information about the other the and the each and the To Topology the the switch or IP the Location/Address field and The switch the as the Click Topology The Topology displays. Topology
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B The to information about the the switch and each of the other switches the
Scrolled Downwards Topology Table Topology the switch the that to from Switch [switch the There of The of the the ID that the switch within the and the of the switch. ID that the switch within than the and the of the switch. Active Paths: This information about each including information about each of the that and the the the Topology Topology
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Topology Table Destination The ID of the that ID the following the ID. This information and the following each the Destinations The WWN of the Worldwide of Paths The of active the and the Path The assigned to the the that follows this information. This information and the following each which the the The of the the and the The of input the the and the Count The of (interswitch the and the flow the path. The assigned to the path.
Table Table The Table the the This includes the only those that to the the To Table the the switch or IP the Location/Address field and Click The Table displays. Table
Refresh Refresh or to Refresh If Refresh checked, the of seconds the refresh Refresh Refreshes the the The ID of the switch to which the connected. The of the switch to which the connected. ID The ID of the The type of the (N attached or NL attached WWN The of the WWN The of the The of the assigned through the SCSI INQUIRY command. FC4 The FC4 the such as IP or FCP. COS The of service the The of the the Switch DS-16B and DS-8B To the the header. To the The following included the Table Table The the following Table Table
Table IP The IP of the The of the of The to which this This when the refreshed. To updated information, and the
Administration physical and operations using and which other than selected or operated WWN only. and operations WWNs. and that other than selected or operated Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Administrative to this If switch or or from the to the and the Administration the to EMC that the following each to and or of the There three to Each to and the of the to Once operations to that and and which selected. EMC recommends the of WWN Table information this to
to Table physical or WWN. With selected to of or This with switches. information about to the Switches DS-16B and DS-8B To the Administration the the switch or IP the Location/Address field and This switch to the Click The Administration displays information to QuickLoop to the QuickLoop switch the The following of the the and the which they QuickLoop Administration
You the to and the or including switches, WWNs, and QuickLoop To existing Click to displays which the of the and or characters. Click to the selected the field. from Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Administration Table the the Table
Table the selected the field. displays which the of including switches, Selection WWNs, QuickLoop and Assists. the item selected the Selection to the You or switch. If switch the switch To WWN, WWN or WWN from the WWN the selected selected from the Other WWN, switch QuickLoop AL_PA, or that the Selection The of the selected the field. The of this the of the selected If selected, the displays as Apply the Administration including other the once applied. applied, and to the Administration once they applied. the Administration and to the Administration Administration
You the to and or and include switches, WWNs, and QuickLoop Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Administration the the Table existing Creates displays which the of the and or characters.
the selected the field. from the selected the field. displays which the of the Selection of including switches, WWNs, QuickLoop and Assists. the selected the Selection to the If switch selected, the switch to the You To WWN, WWN or WWN from the To to the from the (the already the selected from the Other WWN, switch, or QuickLoop AL_PA that the Selection The of the selected the field. The of this the of the selected If selected, the displays as Apply the Administration including other the Changes once they applied. the and to Administration. once they applied. the Administration and to the Administration Administration
QuickLoop You the QuickLoop to and QuickLoops with information the QuickLoop separately, to Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Reference information Switch DS-16B and DS-8B QuickLoop Administration Table the the QuickLoop QuickLoop QuickLoop existing QuickLoop Creates QuickLoop. displays which the of the QuickLoop. and
QuickLoop Table the QuickLoop selected the QuickLoop field. QuickLoop from and including the associated the of the selected the QuickLoop field. displays which the of the QuickLoop. Switch Selection the switches to to the QuickLoop. the selected switch the Switch Selection to the QuickLoop the selected from the [QuickLoop [QuickLoop the of the QuickLoop currently selected the QuickLoop field. The of this the of the selected QuickLoop. If QuickLoop selected, the displays as Apply the Administration including other the once they applied. the and to Administration. once they applied. the Administration and to the Administration Administration
You the to and Assists. Switch DS-16B and DS-8B EMC currently Administration the the
FA existing FA Creates displays which the of the and FA the selected the FA field. from and including the associated FA the of the selected the FA field. Selection of to to the the selected item as to the or WWN as host. the selected the Selection to the the selected from the Other the selected the Selection to the Click to or WWN. Other to the Click to or WWN. Click to or WWN as host. Administration
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Table of the that to the currently selected the FA field. The of this the of the selected. If selected, the displays as Apply the Administration including other the once they applied. the and to Administration. once they applied. the Administration and to the Administration
You the to and allow to or of Administration Table existing Creates displays which the of the and or characters. Table the the Administration
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Table the selected the field. of the selected the field. of the and QuickLoops to Selection to the the switch selected the Selection to the the selected from the The of the selected the field. The of this the selection. active the the selected the field, or to to the of the that currently selected This clicking Apply. currently the of the currently Apply the Administration including other the once they applied. they and to the Administration once applied. the Administration and to the Administration
Switch Switch The Switch the front of the switch, and displays when Switch This information about the of the switch and the of the the switch. The information displayed as as to of switch If the switch functioning properly, the detected. Switch as the switchStatus and approximately once second; however the seconds the switch booted. To Switch the the switch or IP the Location/Address field and Click the Switch The Switch Switch
The the the GBIC Interface type, as follows: the right of each LED (round light to each to and of each: Accesses Switch Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Table the items and information Switch Switch GBIC SW Short GBIC LW GBIC CU GBIC SWID Short ID GBIC LWID wave ID GBIC CUID ID GBIC yellow around information, the to the Information The of the The the of the light attached Steady light, flashing or command). flashing yellow with Steady (connected with flashing (loopback or incompatible switch) flashing loopback and transmitting/receiving supply and supply plate supply or
Switch Watch (optional software) The background of the the of the the Interface where switch the Performance where switch performance. Turns the beaconing function. If this shows beams of light. The beaconing function to physically switch to the specified switch, LED light flashing from to the switch. readings from switch thermo The background of the the WWN the each switch; assigned ID the each switch Indicates the of the switch: Accesses Watch Healthy of and readings) than readings) Unknown or Healthy of and readings) than readings) Unknown or The switch as FC_SW the switch. Disabled. Switch
State Indicates the of the switch: OS The of the switch Ether IP Ethernet IP Ether NM Ethernet FC IP IP FC NM Gateway IP of properly to switch from other Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Switch Table offline testing
Switch Switch The Switch of the selected switch. To Switch the the switch or IP the Location/Address field and Click the Switch The Switch displays. Click the The Switch displays. To the the header. To the Switch
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Table Switch Table Switch Switch of switch of Count of back-to-back of Severity of of (switch warning information
Information Information The Information displays statistics the selected This information when the and refreshed while the To Information the browser. the switch or IP the Location/Address field and Click the Switch to the Switch Click The Information displays. Information
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B The following Information and the PortStats GBIC the that Information whenever selected. Table Information World World (WWN) of this The GBIC type, as follows: The of the GBIC SW Short GBIC LW GBIC CU GBIC SWID Short ID GBIC LWID ID GBIC CUID ID GBIC GBIC this No_Light light. light of In_Sync light and GBIC). GBIC, or and locking to reference
Information Table from temporarily causing the to as The to healthy when the (the The type of Switch Universal Information
of Word Transmitted Four-byte transmitted. Four-byte received. Word Transmitted transmitted. received. Class received. C2 C3 Class received. received. Switch DS-16B and DS-8B The information about reception and the of through the selected PortStats Information Table the the PortStats PortStats
received. Time-outs timeouts. Transmitted transmitted. R_RDY Priority R_RDY to BB_Credit BB_Credit to Encoding with CRC with CRC Short shorter than than End-of-Frames with end-of-frames. with C3 Class LIP received. LIP LIP LIP received: AL_PD, AL_PS. Rejected NOS received/sent. of of occurred. of of occurred. Information
GBIC The GBIC information about the GBIC Interface the selected The information displayed the type of GBIC Switch DS-16B and DS-8B GBIC type wave, wave, ID GBIC type, information about interfaces, and GBIC of the information, GBIC active If the GBIC, the following information displays: Not ID GBIC. GBIC info GBIC Information the the GBIC
GBIC Indicates the type of which GBIC or on-board. Connector Indicates the type, which of the following: ID Indicates the GBIC type: GBIC Indicates the GBIC which or GBIC Indicates the which GBIC Indicates the of the which intermediate or Encoding Indicates the which 8B10B, 4B5B, NRZ, or Rate of BR which GBIC its of SC BNC/TNC GBIC Short wave GBIC GBIC GBIC Short ID GBIC ID GBIC ID GBIC SM M5 M6 TV MI TP shielded twisted TW Information
BR which GBIC its specifications of below of the following: of of using of of of OUI P/N GBIC (only displays GBIC Transmitted wave only). Switch DS-16B and DS-8B GBIC Table of of Inverted
The information about the including the following: Information the FL of FL of tenancy. statistics AL_PA statistics QuickLoop statistics the of the QuickLoop) QuickLoop statistics the of the QuickLoop) If the the following information displays: Not info Table the the Information
NL of tenancy. of Inits Caused of caused QuickLoop to initialized. of Inits of initialized. of Inits of to of of included as of QuickLoop. bypassed that bypassed. AL_PA of associated with connected to of QL of QuickLoop attempted of QL Inits of QuickLoop initialized. of Switch of switch to switch of Switch of switch operated switch of QL of QuickLoop Switch, Caused the of switch, that caused the which to information, Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
Table LIP LIP which to the information, LIP which to information, which to AL_PA specified information, This displays when DIAG the of the Information You the option to Information
LIP You the LIP Process) option to To this option, LIP the of the Information You the option to AL_PA the To this option, from Performance Information the Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Table the the Table the the specified Stop (abort) the specified the function. LIP the the LIP LIP Table Apply the LIP
Table AL_PA to the AL_PA to bypass. Apply AL_PA the AL_PA). the You the option to AL_PA the that bypassed. To this option, from Information the Table the the the AL_PA the as this loopback to to the the AL_PA to AL_PA to oxff the the Apply the AL_PA AL_PA). AL_PA Information
Watch Switch DS-16B and DS-8B You Watch to information about Watch, the Switch DS-16B Watch To Watch the the switch or IP the Location/Address field and Click the Switch The Switch displays. Click the Watch The Watch displays, with the Notifications the following section) selected Watch the following Notifications Thresholds tree appears the showing the Watch of which selected. To or the the
Notifications You the Notifications to and the Watch notifications. You the or the Custom option and the type of or each type of Notifications Watch Watch
You the Thresholds to and Thresholds Watch thresholds the Watch currently selected the tree the of the Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Threshold with Class Selected
Thresholds the and GBIC and GBIC Thresholds Threshold The the RX and TX the following items: Threshold Selects the threshold type (outranged, below, High/Low Selects to the high and the threshold type selected the Threshold areas). the which to the specified threshold. Selects Watch The Threshold to the and selected the However, the Thresholds the following buttons: to Apply the specified the Apply the displays: To the type of and Apply the that applied. The and GBIC both each Watch
Watched or to whether this watched areas). The the and the following when whether to when the the (OK) or (FAULTY). Thresholds the The F/FL F/FL the following each Loss, Loss, Words, CRCs, State Changes, RX Performance, TX Performance): Switch DS-16B and DS-8B and GBIC Thresholds Table Additional Class Thresholds Threshold text the lowest of that High text the highest of that Threshold Selects the type of threshold. Selects the to
Threshold with Class Selected displays the thresholds the class. Watch
The to the Watch threshold the selected the Watch Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Watch
Performance Performance The Performance graphically throughput second) each and the switch. throughput the of the of transmitted. Switch throughput the of the throughput the To Performance the the switch or IP the Location/Address field and Click the Switch The Switch displays. Click the Performance The Performance displays. Performance
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B to the the switch the of the the the and of the both the and switch the and the throughput. the approximately worth of and the switch approximately of
Interface...................................................................4-2 Switch Administration Administration..........................................................................4-7 SNMP Administration.....................................................................4-11 Administration...................................................................4-13 Remote Switch..................................................................................4-14 QuickLoop Administration (Optional Software) Interface Interface Interface
Interface Interface Switch DS-16B and DS-8B The Interface consists of the below. To the from Switch The first function to Switch Administration. Switch Administration Administration Switch SNMP Administration Administration Switch QuickLoop Administration Administration You other Interface functions clicking the from function. You to these Once the exited. To the Interface: the the switch or IP the Location/Address and Click the the switch The Network displays.
Network and The account Click OK The Interface displays, with the Switch selected The sections that follow each function Interface Interface
Interface Switch Administration Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Switch Administration to IP information, switch, the the switch or to which To Switch Administration, from the Switch You the Switch from Administration function. Switch Administration
Table Switch Administration Switch or the switch To the switch this field. ID or switch ID. IDs within To ID, ID this field. from to operating (FCSW and from to VC to switches). Allows to or to the option off. Switch the switch, or to the switch. Ethernet IP or IP Ethernet to switch. Ethernet or Ethernet to If browser. IP or IP or If browser. Gateway IP or IP IP If IP or IP to host. IP If to or of IP as the Table the the Switch Administration Interface Switch Administration
Interface If the checked, the Commit to when Switch Administration launched. Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Switch Administration Table
Administration Administration Administration Table Access Access or To To to Commit to Administration to accounts or To Administration, the from Administration function. the the Administration Interface Administration
Interface to or IP or or IP Remote or user or directory from where Download From OS (You slashes when downloading OS UNIX Switch DS-16B and DS-8B To the from Administration function. the the Table
FTP FTP selected as the The selected. host, manually the which from EMC Support. Download Downloads firmware. to when launched. Switch Switch to or the switch. POST On Switch To Switch, the Switch from Administration function. Administrative Interface Administration
Interface POST POST off to POST. Commit Switch the switch. Fastboot Switch fastboot POST. (This the as with POST Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Table the the Switch Table Switch
SNMP Administration SNMP Administration SNMP Administration to SNMP options. To SNMP Administration, the SNMP from Administration function. Interface SNMP Administration
Interface Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Table the the SNMP Administration Table SNMP Administration or Switch. Location or location of switch. or information switch. Trap severity of switch that SNMP Authentication authentication off to (recommended). or to three that with the Community SNMP command. or to three that with the Community SNMP or command. and Trap or IP of SNMP station). Commit SNMP to when SNMP Administration launched. To the community or them empty.
Administration Administration Administration to or This displays of and features. To Administration, the from Administration function. the factory. Interface Administration
Interface Remote Switch Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Table the the Administration Administration to or specified the specified Removing switch inoperable. instructed to EMC Technical Support. Text of the the switch REMOTE SWITCH to of switches to WAN interface that they ATM CNT to ATM interface. This active REMOTE SWITCH both switches.
Remote Switch Remote To Remote Switch, the Remote Switch from Administration function. Table the the Remote Switch Remote Switch switch; off to switch. Commit Remote Switch to when Remote Switch launched. Interface Switch
Interface QuickLoop Administration Switch DS-16B and DS-8B QuickLoop Administration to QuickLoop switch or of switches. Select or switches, or QuickLoop the switch and QuickLoop or off information QuickLoop, to the Switch DS-16B and DS-8B QuickLoop Reference To QuickLoop Administration, the QuickLoop from Administration function. QuickLoop Administration
Table QuickLoop Administration the the QuickLoop Administration Switch switch QuickLoop; off to QuickLoop switch QuickLoop. the QuickLoop QuickLoop off to QuickLoop QuickLoop If checked, currently bypassed. QuickLoop the switch WWN, ID, and switch of dual-switch QuickLoop. Select QuickLoop this Switch Selects switch from the of switch currently the as the switch of dual-switch QuickLoop. to when QuickLoop Administration launched. AL_PA the AL_PA the of QuickLoop the of connected to the switch. Remote the of connected to the switch dual-switch QuickLoop QuickLoop Administration Interface
Interface Switch DS-16B and DS-8B You the to the switch archiving, or to from the host.
Table or IP Specify the or IP Specify the Specify the of the to or downloaded. Select Specify FTP or RSHD FTP Specify the host. to Click to from the switch. Download to Switch Click to to the switch. Click to to when Administration launched. Switch information Click to the switch. Information or to Switch Information The Switch Information clicking the the the Switch It information about the switches, interswitch and the Following of the the Interface
Administrative Interface Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Switch Information
(Optional Software) The allows to of to KM. The switches containing If the switch purchased with the the factory. You the to specify which to and what (Optional Software) Interface
Interface the the which to the selected to Commit to when launched. Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Table the the Table Selects the to the selected There three KM KM
Interface Initiating To the Interface, the Switch This directly from active, the below appears already active. Click Abort to the existing or to the You to abort Interface Interface
Interface Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
This the EMC and software and that should the EMC Customer This covers the following topics: ......................................................................................A-2 of Detecting and .........................A-3 Troubleshooting the ..........................................................A-4 Calling the Customer the Reporting New ...............................................................A-7 Customer Customer A-1
Customer A-2 Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Included the switch software that of information that helpful switch-related This supportShow. You supportShow command and the should and to EMC Technical supportShow switchinfo.txt
of Detecting and A-1 Detection and EMC software products directly the EMC Customer the United States. EMC the following to with its software products A-1). to Technical this Collect Information as Directed the EMC Customer U.S.: Worldwide: Confirm that the Software Related Directed to EMC Software Tracked and to Detection SVC-4EMC 543-4SVC A-3 of Detecting and Customer
Customer Troubleshooting the A-4 Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Please the the EMC Customer the the leading to the and them writing. to the If that technical or the EMC office or the EMC Customer of the following numbers: United States: (SVC-4EMC) (543-4SVC) Worldwide: Please already assigned to
Calling the Customer the following information the Customer or assigned to phone existing the tracking ID, assigned to the A-5 Calling the Customer Customer
Customer the A-6 Switch DS-16B and DS-8B If the EMC Customer information the please completely, to include the following information: and telephone The of the that assigned To the of this and include with the
Reporting New please the following information: Release of the software that Software type which and its release of the software that Whether the Previous of the Whether the software correctly that the software properly Conditions which the software properly to the the software properly and the of that to the and text of that the the the occurred from that Other related Other information that the A-7 Reporting New Customer
Customer A-8 Switch DS-16B and DS-8B of the following to of the to the EMC Customer FTP U.S. to the following EMC Customer South Street MA If the assigned or please include that information the as
Encoding that each character. Used to and high to or of software facility that MBps as without using switch. established. Supports to and This to This terms related to of these this ALPHANUMERIC AL_PA Physical Address. assigned to each ANSI American National the U.S.A. API Application Interface. that allows to interface with of services. Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
The of or synchronization The of correctly clocked the BER. BER Broadcast of from to of Unicast to of directly or within BB_Credit Switch DS-16B and DS-8B ASIC Application-Specific Integrated ATM or that fixed-length of any-to-any connectivity and allows to BB_Credit Buffer-to-buffer credit. The of that to directly connected or within of buffers. Buffer-to-buffer EE_Credit BER Rate which expected to as ratio of to transmitted. C or interconnected switches. switches to others to switches, of recommended than switches). Established Consists of that Class connection-oriented service that with of or Class and switching service with of or
Class of service of characteristics and or to specify character within K28.5 Community (SNMP) Relationship of SNMP and SNMP which authentication, and characteristics Cut-through Switching that allows selection of as as received. of that within The header, field, and CRC of and Word The of the include Disparity The relationship of and character. of each, of ones, and of Class switching service without of or Can to and with of or Class service switches, with of or the CRC Check. included to the of of BB_Credit and EE_Credit Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
ID to switches, and that the switch to the The currently End-to-end flow of Class and N_Ports. Buffer-to-buffer flow EE_Credit to the of or related or both that allows of of to Switch DS-16B and DS-8B DLS of Allows redistribution when or or E_D_TOV Time-out allowed round-trip recovery initiated. Can as the initiating recovery. R_A_TOV switch that the to to another switch, allowing creation of interswitch ISL EE_Credit credit. The of allocated to Used Class and services to of End-to-end flow BB_Credit to or time-out, of synchronization, or of
assigned to each Communicated and discovery. OS TM operating DS-16B and DS-8B switches. Watch TM DS-16B and DS-8B that allows and of and switch FC-AL-3 The top of FC-PH FC-PH-1, The Physical and Interface FC-PLDA The Direct to of peripheral FC-SW-2 The Switch and algorithms and of switches. service that service FSP to active. Either or ARB that and interface Can to to switch. of or switches. switched SAN FC-FLA The FCP of SCSI FCP SCSI-3 FC-PI The Physical Interface Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
of that allows to and Switch DS-16B and DS-8B that both and Can to NL_Ports to switch. FLOGI which to Used to and to service with the PLOGI to Consists of start-of-frame header, optional redundancy (CRC), and There types: and to the FRU Unit. that FS Service. service that and well-known service. FSP FSP Service The services, to type or FS FSPF Shortest Path DS-16B and DS-8B routing switches. that as or FL that as or as when disconnected or function within Gateway IP assignment that translation incompatible ATM gateway to ATM GBIC Interface that allows physical-layer
of that allows to or both once. The only which transmitted The AL_PA that to or workstation that initiates with second. bytes) second. HBA Interface or workstation and the to network interface that topology physical topology. when active and when inactive. of when to active and and synchronization. IOD that, when that and ISL Interswitch from the of switch to of another. Used to to through IU Information Unit. of information as higher or JBOD of connected chassis to or RAID Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
services of within of or of synchronization than the time-out E_D_TOV to Can to AL_PA or LIP Switch DS-16B and DS-8B K28.5 character to of that and First Comma or that or Latency to from the of to physical consisting of both and LIP The to Indicates or of of AL_PA of connected to that of another LPSM State that and of when they to LWL wavelength Based Connectors SWL
of from to of specified N_Ports. Broadcast Unicast cabling allowing to Service of and to switch to other and existing well-known SNS, or directory service. FS. that Used to to through and discovery. which inactive and or there than and AL_PA that as or NL_Port. type of that of and to and information from and with the K28.5 character. They MIB Information SNMP that and information to with that to with or or NL_Ports. Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
which AL_PA and and physically included AL_PA assigned to physically AL_PA. connected Topology FC and discovery. that the and with NL_Ports that and with that the function within or and with or NL_Ports. that and attached to switch. Switch DS-16B and DS-8B include (which boundaries and and or initiate states). PLOGI which establish with FLOGI POST On of switch or and
QuickLoop TM Can the DS-16B and DS-8B that allows within to the with other or the of or connected the QuickLoop technology. QuickLoop AL PA and as they R_A_TOV Time-out the and E_D_TOV containing or transmitted N_Ports. cabling that of to RAID of Collection of that appear as to the and through or JBOD Route to switches. Routing the assignment of Class or to the switch the FSPF RSCN State Notification. Switch function that of from the switch to specified SAN Network. Network of and that SNMP Network that and therefore other such as UDP/IP. IP and UPD function, or TCP/IP both. Community (SNMP) SNS Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
Switch switch, routing Usually assigned the switch, manually assigned Switch assigned to switch Switch which with Translates to character to the of the Character Word of four characters, types: and character Trap (SNMP) SNMP to inform SNMP of SNMP Switch DS-16B and DS-8B Switch of and firmware that to Switches F_Ports, and SWL Short fiber-optic Based Connectors LWL that from or workstation Topology to the of the and the paths. There three and and to when type of connected type of
of from to Broadcast specified of that Universal Switch that as or as or function the ULP that top of Typical SCSI, IP, HIPPI, IPI. Well-known to the switch and as assigned to function. WWN World that Each WWN. of and attached to and including and to each other. to the the another to LAN to groupings of Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
Switch DS-16B and DS-8B
interface AL_PA option option Notifications Watch Administration beacon, of option, AL_PA C interface Administration Thresholds Watch Watch Customer A-4 Customer A-8 information Switch DS-16B and DS-8B option, AL_PA interface Administration Watch Notifications Thresholds of GBIC Information WEB TOOLS
Index (LIP) Information Table Performance Information GBIC PortStats PortStats Information supply, of QuickLoop Administration switch workstation beacon Summary/Detail Switch switch Switch Technical A-4 interface of Switch DS-16B and DS-8B interface Topology Watch Table Performance Information Summary/Detail Switch Switch interface Administration workstation Administration QuickLoop Administration