Application Connectivity CONFIGURATION GUIDE P/N REV A01 EMC Corporation Corporate Headquarters: MA www.EMC.com
Copyright EMC Corporation (EMC). rights EMC the information this as of its The information to without The Software and property rights related thereto and of EMC and third from whom EMC rights, and nothing to title or ownership rights to right to the software and this unauthorized or and punishable of the of the software its accompanying The information this publication as without warranty of EMC Corporation or of with to the information this publication, and specifically or merchantability or EMC Corporation of profits, of business, of of interruption of business, or indirect, or of from this publication. The InCharge products this publication covered or of the following U.S. or applications: and EMC," InCharge, the InCharge SMARTS, the SMARTS Graphical Authentic Correlation InCharge and or of EMC. other or or of their respective or organizations. Additional copyright and terms to the software forth the Third-Party Copyright Read included the accompanying software
EMC Application Connectivity This of features EMC Application Connectivity and instructions Application Connectivity This and who and Application Connectivity This the and the to properly and software.
EMC Application Connectivity This consists of the following C HAPTER /A PPENDIX ESCRIPTION NTRODUCTION of the features of Application Connectivity that should EPLOYING PPLICATION C ONNECTIVITY ONITOR C REATING AND C ONFIGURING PPLICATION IGNATURES ROUPS AND the of and with Application Connectivity ETTINGS A. ILDCARDS SED EMC MARTS OFTWARE Several this as shown Table Table C ONVENTION XPLANATION Indicates and Indicates commands, and Indicates C Indicates C Indicates user-supplied or of items [option] Indicates optional terms to Application Connectivity to and the of wildcards with EMC software.
Application Connectivity Directory EMC Application Connectivity C or ory Table C ONVENTION XPLANATION /InCharge Indicates directory Indicates user-specific or user-supplied Indicates Indicates command wrapped or The typed as Directory shown with slashes of the operating should back slashes slashes. Also, there this they the as they appear UNIX, the appear with that items tree such as the Topology Browser, displays and displays UNIX. Finally, otherwise specified, the InCharge to to EMC such as Managers, Managers, and this the BASEDIR the location where the Application Connectivity software UNIX, this location /opt/InCharge<n>/<product>. this location C:\InCharge<n>\<product> The the software platform The the UNIX operating Application Connectivity to: /opt/InCharge6/ACM/smarts. On operating this to: C:\InCharge6\ACM\smarts This location to as BASEDIR
Application Connectivity Products Application Connectivity includes the following products: Additional Command of as HTML The which to the commands, located the BASEDIR directory. of this other the BASEDIR directory) helpful. EMC Application Connectivity Optionally, the of BASEDIR to something other than /opt/InCharge6 UNIX) or C:\InCharge6 the location the directory. information about the software directory to the EMC Administration Application Connectivity to this EMC the following EM C art The following and to users of EMC products: EMC Administration EMC ASL Reference EMC Reference or The following to users of Application Connectivity EMC Application Connectivity Release Notes
Technical EMC EMC the EMC Corporations and web-based from the EMC Corporation. to service or information and their to the knowledgebase known and and to patches and EMC Application Connectivity EMC Application Connectivity EMC Application Connectivity EMC Application Connectivity about technical office or service service, of the following numbers: United States: (SVC.4EMC) (543.4SVC) Worldwide: From EMC products and technologies, to software technical white information, and of offers when already account, EMC the and the the EMC ort
EMC Application Connectivity
About Application Connectivity EMC Application Connectivity Introduction This chapter of features EMC Application Connectivity It includes the following About Application Connectivity Applications with Application Connectivity Application Interface Creating and Application information about the Application Interface. Applications with Application Connectivity about the of Application Connectivity to Application Connectivity (ACM) software that TCP-based the and to the of Network operations Application Connectivity Discover and the of TCP applications. whether the connectivity or
Introduction Applications with Application Connectivity the Application Application Connectivity with TCP based based IANA easily the Application Interface. EMC Application Connectivity Application Connectivity operates with and Service the topology Application Connectivity Service collects the of the root-cause and those to operations through its typical include numerous software services and of which interact to business service. It follows, then, that there the of or thousands of applications, with the to from Application Connectivity this of the following the the to and the through the of and the Correlation of the that such to root-cause The InCharge Common Information (ICIM) Application Connectivity the this the the and the of and
the Software discovery of topology with and the topology and connectivity Application Connectivity Automated Root-Cause and Application Connectivity TCP and isolates the of and Application Interface EMC Application Connectivity Then, Application Connectivity to the software The the of the topology and the relationships the the of connectivity Application Connectivity with and Service to isolate the that with EMC products, the associated with of the impacted and to With the of these business services and customers. Application Connectivity the Administration which from the includes Application The and to the Application Interface through which they select, and Once selected, and Application Connectivity the to and applications. C o
Introduction Application Conceptually, characteristics or that from another; together, these characteristics the of Application then further to reference instances of that Application Connectivity to and classify software the Application Connectivity includes Actions actions or that associated with The actions the of applications. EMC Application Connectivity Application selected, and through the Application Interface. Their includes the of the expected and class, and matching specified to discovery. Once and they with Application Connectivity At the the with which to that the applications. The discovery of the initiated the or when to the Application Connectivity Application Connectivity includes tcpAction action that, otherwise specified, It to establish TCP with each there option, with the to Specifying Action information.
the EMC Application Connectivity Application Connectivity This chapter to Application Connectivity and includes the following the Integrating Application Connectivity to Application Connectivity should gather and information about and the that that The information when the of the and the that and the otherwise noted, the platforms and the products, and this section.
Deploying Application Connectivity If Application Connectivity Supported Product and Application Connectivity Considerations The ACM to to to the firewall the ACM and ACM from and that the Software EMC Application Connectivity ID UNIX platforms. platforms. EMC Application Connectivity ACM Service with and Platform. IP with (JRE) It the If there access, firewall might to: security to one-way from the ACM to the to monitored. Specify while the one-way of security. EMC to properly and functional. Instructions to and the these EMC Application Connectivity
Application Connectivity EMC Application Connectivity EMC Service EMC IP If Service to Apply to Service Service and Application Connectivity the EMC First that with software information. Application Connectivity that the location: to the BASEDIR /smarts/local/conf directory. the SM_LICENSE the that the the to the smarts.lic to the BASEDIR directory. BASEDIR /opt/InCharge6/ACM UNIX and C:\InCharge6\ACM the EMC Application Connectivity and EMC Administration information about This section to Application Connectivity Instructions the architecture and of Application Connectivity the process, of the to the sm_edit to to the the the following the BASEDIR/smarts/bin/sm_edit conf/ics/ics.conf
Deploying Application Connectivity To and topology from to the or the Platform, Platform To and topology from: EMC Application Connectivity Whenever and the the to the while information about the sm_edit With the Topology and Unitary Topology and Application Connectivity Architecture and and The to discovery. Platform to the the Platforms Service SAM Platform Notifications Topology and Unitary Topology and Notifications Application Connectivity
EMC Application Connectivity Platform to the ACM the Platforms To and topology from to the Platforms At to the to the that the dxa-sysip.conf The to specify the of the and the such as the to the located /opt/InCharge6/SAM/smarts/icoi/conf or C:\InCharge6\SAM\smarts\icoi\conf directory. o This section of DomainSection Platforms there DomainSection "dxa-sysip.conf"; SmoothingInterval "INCHARGE-AM"; type AM to ACM #Please this INSTEAD of the first the the dxa-sysip.conf SmoothingInterval "INCHARGE-AM"; C o to
Deploying Application Connectivity ACM ACM and applications. EMC Application Connectivity information about the Platform, the EMC Service Platform information about and the EMC Service It topology from the It from the tcpAction. It and from Platform. The ACM this information and the and as as information to the SAM To and from the Platform, manually the to the ACM topology the Administration Sources to the ACM instructions. To and to the the ACM o to C To the Administration to the Platform to the ACM topology, these (If already attached to the ACM and with The with the this to function properly. the using the command or the and to the ACM From the Administration Select Topology Source
To and topology from the You to or of the following: EMC Application Connectivity the Source Platform" and the of the Platform that IC-OI) the field. Click OK Platform ACM If Performance then Application Connectivity the the following to information: the sm_edit to the located /opt/InCharge6/SAM/smarts/ics/conf or C:\InCharge6\SAM\smarts\ics\conf directory. of This section of DomainSection the there DomainType Performance Platform, and ACM DomainSection SmoothingInterval HookScript "ics/dxa-sample-hook.asl"; "INCHARGE-AM"; C o to
Application Connectivity EMC Application Connectivity SmoothingInterval HookScript "ics/dxa-sample-hook.asl"; "INCHARGE-PM"; INCHARGE-OI. SmoothingInterval HookScript "ics/dxa-sample-nl-hook.asl"; "INCHARGE-OI"; INCHARGE-ACM. SmoothingInterval HookScript "ics/dxa-sample-hook.asl"; "IC-ACM"; If the the to that the its This to as the the as the serverConnect.conf To the the following from the BASEDIR directory: ics/ICS_RemoteConfig.asl where the of security prompted EMC and information about or the command, the EMC Service
and the Manually EMC Application Connectivity To the sm_service to service or service, or the host. Services Application Connectivity If, reason, to or service manually, the sm_service to service the ACM BASEDIR /smarts/bin/sm_service ic-acm-server To service, the action instead of the action. the to and services. the to the EMC Administration service that specified with the sm_service information about services, to the EMC Administration Table Summary of EMC Service ERVICE AME C OMPONENT Platform ic-am-server ic-pm-server Performance ic-acm-server ACM installation, the ACM as service. as services specified the that associated with the services. ACM options BASEDIR /smarts/bin/sm_service --name=ic-acm-server BASEDIR/smarts/bin/sm_server C o to
Application Connectivity To the of ACM these With the of the EMC and to include and (such as and security containing encrypted of these the BASEDIR UNIX operating the of to /opt/InCharge6/SAM/smarts/conf/ics. EMC Application Connectivity Indicates the typed as text to the ACM The located the the the BASEDIR /smarts/local/logs directory. access the EMC registry to that the To the command. information about the command, the EMC Administration that the Platform to the ACM topology. the Discovery from the Administration to that listed. and to the and ACM to notifications.
EMC Application Connectivity of should If as of the BASEDIR /smarts/local or of its should to /opt/InCharge6/SAM/smarts/local/conf/ics EMC software to first search BASEDIR /smarts/local or of its If of found the EMC software then searches of or as of EMC software located BASEDIR /smarts/local retained To editing, EMC Corporation the sm_edit with every EMC to of this automatically of the and the location BASEDIR /smarts/local. This that the of the unchanged. both UNIX and sm_edit from the Optionally, that when To the from the the and the of the to BASEDIR If EMC products the host, should that sm_edit from the directory of the whose to to the the the sm_edit as follows: /opt/InCharge6/SAM/smarts/bin/sm_edit conf/ics/ics.conf The sm_edit of the the BASEDIR /smarts/local/conf/ics directory, necessary, and the text If of the already the sm_edit the text sm_edit information about to properly and to the to the EMC Administration C o to
Deploying Application Connectivity EMC Application Connectivity
the Application Interface EMC Application Connectivity Creating and Application The Application Interface that included with Application Connectivity and to and Application Connectivity the to and the topology. This chapter to the interface to and and includes the following the Application Interface Specifying Action Specifying The Discovery The tcpAction Topology Application Connectivity the Administration which from the includes Application
Creating and Application EMC Application Connectivity The and to the Application Interface through which they and when necessary. To the Application Interface, the following From the Administration Click the the Topology Tree and the Application Application
Creating Application To the following EMC Application Connectivity C o The the top of the shows the of that the ACM Each the to and each the to field the (those already appear appear the To the The then the field, and the the selected displayed. Click the and Apply the as required. Application to the that however, the topology, that the the and of the software services the Application Click the New to the following Class to Application which that the and Action tcpAction to which to the ACM information the displayed the of the Application of the completed. Click the Click the Apply
Creating and Application IELD AME ESCRIPTION EQUIRED /O PTIONAL The of the the the of existing to the the ACM Clicking the the The the the the or when matching the to the topology of the ACM EMC Application Connectivity The created the ACM and It then to the manually with the discovery initiated to the of the ACM To right that the Administration and Rediscover The information should to the (or other authorized who and the If necessary, gathered from the of information. the the and the the The Application Class and Application information about the and the the detected. The Discovery of the Table Application
IELD AME ESCRIPTION EQUIRED /O PTIONAL The which the should actively The when the the and If the and (that inclusive), the of the The command to to the to from the The the specified established. The below). The to the while the of the supported. Wildcards Used EMC Software information. The to (and match of bytes. It reads least of the specified, and least of specified. If the includes new-line character the reads and matches Class The of the The includes Software Service and the of Software Service. Application The to to the instance the topology the the the instance of the "SW- Apache/frame.company.com" and the "Apache/frame.company.com". EMC Application Connectivity C o Table Application (continued) Optional Optional
Creating and Application IELD AME ESCRIPTION EQUIRED /O PTIONAL Action The action to to the The tcpAction. The the action specified clicking the button. Specifying Action information. If selected the the the The pattern(s) of the which the should The the pattern(s) specified clicking the Specifying information. supported. Wildcards Used EMC Software information. The which that the specified to the ACM topology. EMC Application Connectivity Table Application ort The and of information the If, only to know whether to specified that SMTP) If, however, to know whether to specified and that the should with then and Finally, three to to induce the to with <GET Apache*> (to Optional
Application The Application existing The the top of the Application of the Each the to Application The Application existing The the top of the Application the of the Each the to EMC Application Connectivity C o To existing the following Access the Application Select existing from the the top of the the displays the associated with the selected the as necessary. the of the other If the disabled, the Click the Apply to the The Apply of the the Application If try to outdated of the the stating that the outdated and that to the Refresh to the of the from the the associated with the from the topology. The from the topology. information about To existing the following Access the Application Select existing from the the top of the Click the to the from the
Creating and Application Specifying Action EMC Application Connectivity The Application Interface displays warning to that to the selected Click to the actions or that associated with The actions the and health of applications. Application Connectivity includes action: tcpAction. The tcpAction action that of the included with Application Connectivity the to the of the Action the The displays the of the selected action the Application the the Action If the assigned to the The the of the action.
Specifying EMC Application Connectivity To specify the Action, the following Access the Application or existing from the the top of the At the Action field, the tcpAction. Click the to the the as necessary. The required. the displays the that that Click the OK If the the Checkbox. Click the Apply the of to selected the topology of the ACM This with To specify the to the field. This displays that matched selected the
Creating and Application Matched To this option: EMC Application Connectivity Match If specify the This that the apply the to the ACM topology. Specify the and the Apply (The the shows the information about matching and the of wildcard characters Wildcards Used EMC Software Select matched The the with the that match the You from the Click the OK The the the Application
Selected To this option: The Discovery EMC Application Connectivity Specify the pattern(s) and the Apply button. (The the shows the information about matching and the of wildcard characters Wildcards Used EMC Software Select selected The the with the that match the Select from the and the OK The the the Application The that, when combined with that through the Application Interface, TCP-based (based the Application Class specified the The the following functionality: It basic specified through the Application Interface the It the creating and with the action specified through the Application Interface. with the as the the the whenever with to the The then to (SoftwareService) and topology information. The the created information the Action of the The the the Topology
Creating and Application The tcpAction EMC Application Connectivity The topology The Software Service the The TCP through which the Software Service accessed. Software that with specified action (tcpAction). The the following relationships: Creates Accessed relationship with the instance the TCP Instance. Creates CheckedBy relationship of the instance of that with specified action (tcpAction) to of the Creates HostedBy relationship with the instance of the Unitary or Router) which the The tcpAction action that the tcp connectivity of the the It the action included with Application Connectivity the and topology (SoftwareService) specified it initiates the tcpAction action. Thereafter, the tcpAction the to the connectivity of that The of the tcpAction through the and Thresholds Where the of the tcpAction through the Action The the or IP of the this The information collected
Removing Topology EMC Application Connectivity the of the this The information from the information. If explicitly this the the the (the requestString: the to to the matchPattern: the which the to matched. timeout: the timeout the action milliseconds. Occasionally, topology (software services and the that the services) to from the topology. the that associated with the software service and the from the topology. To Access the that the software service that to and the that the service rediscovered. Select software service the Topology Browser, right and The the software service and the topology created the of the software service. It the To
Creating and Application Removing The following the of topology EMC Application Connectivity software service that previously of or the the software service. Right click the service and and that the software service detected. from software service and their related topology the of of Application Connectivity software services to from the associated to the from Right each software service the and the Application Class of and and that the originally and the created. host, that the If the to specify instance, TelnetService) and then the and Software Service of the TelnetService created. This only the If the and the originally the topology.
Threshold and EMC Application Connectivity and of to type of or and related to based Each of to the groups this threshold to of This section the and thresholds Application Connectivity It instructions the of and the of You the or to the of Application Connectivity to information about the this chapter, the EMC Application Connectivity This section the threshold included with the Application Connectivity and the that to each threshold group.
and Threshold Application Connectivity the following threshold HRESHOLD ATCHING C RITERIA ETTINGS ESCRIPTION ROUP of CreationClassName InChargeService, or of SoftwareService Threshold Application Connectivity includes the following threshold EMC Application Connectivity Software Service Sof The Software Service to of the SoftwareService of the InChargeService class. the Software Service included with Application Connectivity of the Other Software Service Software Service Thresholds information about which threshold to, Threshold Sof o Software service thresholds software The software Check_Sensitivity and StatisticsWindow, with threshold to when This It high and from the as the It the of the the of the the threshold the If the every within the StatisticsWindow the threshold. the of Software Service Thresholds. Software Service Thresholds include of the VirtualSoftwareService (and its MgmtService, and
ARAMETER NIT YPE ESCRIPTION Check_MaxResponseTime Seconds The The this threshold to the Check_Sensitivity The of (StatisticsWindow) that the Check_MaxResponseTime threshold to that the threshold the that every within the StatisticsWindow the threshold. Interaction of StatisticsWindow, and Threshold Resource-based and StatisticsWindow, with or thresholds to when This EMC Application Connectivity Table Software Service Thresholds The StatisticsWindow and through the It high and from the as might the It the of the the of the the threshold the If the the threshold. The following these such as every seconds and to the threshold, The records whether the the threshold. At the the the of that the threshold the (StatisticsWindow) to the If the of higher than the
and and Application Connectivity the following OLLING ATCHING C RITERIA ETTINGS ESCRIPTION ROUP of CreationClassName InChargeService, or of SoftwareService Polling Application Connectivity the following EMC Application Connectivity This section the included with Application Connectivity and the that to each group. Software Service Sof tw The Software Service to of the SoftwareService of the InChargeService class. Table the Software Service included with Application Connectivity Table of the Software Service Software Service information about which threshold to, Sof tw The Software Service the to the of Software Service Table Software Service ARAMETER NIT YPE ESCRIPTION Check_PollingPeriod Seconds The Software Service include of the SoftwareService and its
With and the Polling and Thresholds The Polling and Thresholds to and their To the and Threshold first the Administration EMC Application Connectivity The of to of of and of or related of the that to group. the Polling and Thresholds the following the of existing what to group. the of Attaching to with the Administration EMC user account with the following and specified the serverConnect.conf (or its the to the operation Through the Administration this the Operations section of the information about the EMC Administration information about to operations, the EMC Service Work
and of the Polling and Thresholds The Polling and Thresholds EMC Application Connectivity To the and Thresholds follow these to the with the The Topology the Topology Administration The Administration the Administration and Thresholds The and Thresholds The displays the the the and and Thresholds, the the selected, the when the Thresholds selected, the displays threshold each group, there that and membership of to which the applied. The right group, or selected the item selected the the right displays information that or threshold both. The only the that threshold to then displayed. of and Threshold group. of and Thresholds
and Thresholds The of the and Thresholds to the commands Table EMC Application Connectivity Polling and Thresholds and Thresholds UTTON ESCRIPTION Work to from
and to discovery, assigns each to based the of of and includes or The specified the and the which of the group. EMC Application Connectivity Table and Thresholds UTTON ESCRIPTION Matching the Priority of the group, which membership when the matching than of and and of and only threshold group. selected the of the and Thresholds four displayed: the each of these the of the group. editing the of group, the Apply to the and then from the to the and thresholds selected item
or groups what to the that of the group. the Priority of Priority and which of what group. matches the or the becomes of the with the highest priority. Editing Matching Matching which appear the top of the using the of the Each three and EMC Application Connectivity The and The section the that to the group. The section or Select from the or from the Click to to the or to to the Click Apply Select from the The the of their priority, from highest to lowest. C or o Select the which to the priority. Click the or arrow to its relative to the other Click Apply Select from the the that as matching the of the from the ICIM Work
and the of The of of choosing from or field or of EMC Application Connectivity of and wildcards that matched the of the the The field matching If the of matches matching the to become of the group. than matching specified, match to become of the group. or Select matching Click to the active, to the top of the Matching to the to the of the If matching type the field. Click Apply Select from the C of tc C Select the the field or the to highlight the the or wildcard to match the Click Apply Select from the matching the following the of the with the highest priority. If matches the as of the group. If match the the of the with the highest priority, and
Creating New Creating to the of You to group: EMC Application Connectivity C of the the of the and Thresholds The of the right of the the of of the following the and the and or Select the and its with the to the or the and the arrow to its to the Click Apply to the Select from the or of The which when selected the of the and Thresholds the of the the selected Select the Click Select from the Copy existing group. The the and thresholds as the group. copied. group. The or You and matching and the of the group. group, previously to the of the group. information the Priority of and information the of Work
and EMC Application Connectivity C Right-click the Polling or Threshold that to Select Copy from the to the Copy the type and optional the and OK The the and thresholds as the copied. the and of the group. the of thresholds or as necessary. Select from the C the of the and Threshold right-click the type which to group. than group, than type of group.) Select New from the to the New the type and optional the and OK and matching and the of the group. the of thresholds or as necessary. Select from the
EMC Application Connectivity Wildcards Used EMC Software This the wildcards EMC software. The wildcards matching noted instances. wildcard of characters that matched character You these when strictly from to right, character or wildcard wildcard Characters that of match match themselves. The and the incoming match completely. the match the input or wildcard consists of or wildcard or characters. wildcard matched attempting to match each of its basic wildcard the input wildcard If the first character of wildcard or character, the as appeared the of the the matches containing instance of character match the trailing instance of character as the
Wildcards Used EMC Software EMC Application Connectivity as characters and to they to Table Wildcard C HARACTER ESCRIPTION specified or wildcard as characters and to Matches character. server?.smarts.com matches server3.smarts.com and serverB.smarts.com server10.smarts.com Matches of characters. The empty. server*.smarts.com matches server-ny.smarts.com and server.smarts.com match). Matches character that appears within or, the first character of character that the within that to The character the the character or the empty. The character the first, or the first or server[789-].smarts.com matches server7.smarts.com through server9.smarts.com server6.smarts.com It matches server-.smarts.com server[^12].smarts.com match server1.smarts.com or server2.smarts.com match server8.smarts.com Matches Both and of which The matching characters of whose as than or to and than or to If of the the matches of IP from through of high of the matches of with than or to of of the matches and The matches through with matching characters. matches with the trailing match because the of and then matches the Matches alternatives. without matches exactly the three following and as the first or character of as match. with matches the and the of the following character. Backslash within or
EMC Application Connectivity characters wildcard below. Table Compound Wildcard C HARACTER ESCRIPTION Also wildcard If wildcard preceded (or the first wildcard the wildcard match. *NY*&*Router* matches which NY and Router. matches and inclusive. The the and the that *A*|*B*&*C* matches that or B, and C. wildcard function of &).If basic wildcard match. matches *Router*~*Cisco*&*10.20.30.*~10.20.30.<10-20>* matches Router, router, with through
Wildcards Used EMC Software EMC Application Connectivity