This to and the Navisphere Navisphere Utility, Navisphere Utility, Navisphere Command Interface (CLI), and software operating information operating revisions and software with or to the the to the (Supported or the Supported the This the to to CX3 CX3 CX3 and CX3 and the to to CX200, CX400, CX600, and CX700 and the to to and About EMC Navisphere Software................................................... information........................................................... and the Navisphere the Navisphere whether to the or the and CLI or the Navisphere and CLI the Navisphere the the Navisphere EMC Products P/N Revision A10
EMC Products and the Navisphere Utility..................... the Navisphere and the Utility.................................. the
About EMC Navisphere Software About the Navisphere The following EMC software the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere Navisphere Navisphere Navisphere Navisphere Command Interface (CLI) and the to and (IP and authorized service and the Utility. the to (IP and and accounts. AX150 the to the You the Navisphere from the CD or that to the that the least that connected to the EMC Products
About the Navisphere About the Navisphere EMC Products The Navisphere attached to CX700, and CX3 FLARE OE or CX3 CX3 and CX3 FLARE OE or CX700, and FLARE OE or FLARE or FLARE OE or The the HBA with the attached when the service This action the records each HBA to the records to to the the records Access software The then information from the or when or CLI. The also: information to the attached and or when LUN WWN and information from The attached to and It attached to that to Navisphere that that the Navisphere The allows to the following three
information to the This option the and IP to the and, allows to or this Navisphere or higher, the Service the of the the the or HBAs with the and information whenever there when mount or high (HA) Allows to the high (HA) that the least to each SP, and that or other software, such as DMP or PV The other software, such as or (MPIO). This currently and and the Navisphere and the assigned to the or allow or to the the secondary assigned to the snapshot). You the Navisphere from the CD or the that connected to the that the each that to the EMC Products
About the EMC Products The to and CX3 FLARE OE or CX3 CX3 and CX3 FLARE OE or CX200, CX400, CX600, and CX700 FLARE or FLARE or FLARE or The that interactively or to and snapshots. The the connected to the with the commands Scan to the operating cache to and to and
About the Navisphere CLI The attached to and It attached to that to Navisphere that that the Navisphere If to Navisphere and to snapshots, the software and the Utility. information and to the Navisphere and the EMC Command Interfaces Reference The CLI or as to It command interface including provisioning, and information and You the CLI to through and batch Navisphere CLI includes the Classic, and CLI functionalities. information, to the EMC Navisphere Command Interface (CLI) Reference The Navisphere CLI or stations that attached to and It or stations that attached to AX100 and AX150 that to Navisphere that that the Navisphere EMC Products
information EMC Products The information about the software the EMC that the information software. To EMC the following Technical and and the following: Navisphere and Release Notes EMC Command Interfaces Reference (P/N The of this that to software revision. information FC4700 to A05 of this EMC and (P/N which of the that to (SAN) or the and security and to the EMC Navisphere which the Navisphere UI and the Technical and section of the and security to the of EMC Navisphere (P/N and EMC Navisphere Security and Accounts (P/N and to the of the EMC Navisphere Command Interface (CLI) Reference (P/N to the of the EMC Navsphere Command Interface (CLI) Reference (P/N
and the Navisphere the Navisphere EMC that the the however, the Navisphere from the CD. To the to the the following of the operating connected to the as the of the that to This with to the If previous installed, EMC recommends that the of the Navisphere software that You the from the software the and or the You the software from the CD however, the CD the as that the as the If previous of the the To the the HOST command. EMC Products
EMC Products To the software or the following: On the Software Downloads and Licensing and to the Navisphere section, which the Navisphere section or the Navisphere Based section. Select the to and the option to the to At the to the directory where the and the where the the the following command to the To the software the following: On the Download AX150 or to Download software AX100 Select the Navisphere to and the option to the to At the to the directory where the and the where the the the following command to the
Removing the To the software from the CD the following: the the CD, which shipped with the or the to Navisphere From mount the CD: mount the Navisphere Utility: At the to the to process, to INITTOOL At the about that with the installation, The displays information about the installation. the directory. If the from the CD, the CD from the CD At the as the command to the and prompted and If the Not found EMC Products
the Navisphere Starting and the the from the from the CD EMC Products You the from the which or from the CD. The commands interface that scripted, or text-based that scripted. that the completely. using the Navisphere Utility, that know the IP the and the and the the from which the and the to the Once assigned IP to the the and This section the and the To the text-based or from /opt/Navisphere/bin/naviinittool and the include of the switches the To the text-based or from the CD, the following: At the as the the CD, which shipped with the or the to Navisphere to the directory:
the text-based To the text-based or from the CD, and the include of the switches the To the text-based to the following: the and to The the this operation the and discovered. The (HW S/N XXX 000NNNNNNNN) the of the chassis. If the discovered, the the and the the the item of the to and the information the Ports from the or the Administration Worksheet, follow the instructions the to the and to the following the IP IP SP ADDRESS this IP or these this IP or 192.168.1.2becausethese EMC Products
EMC Products IP IP SP ADDRESS this IP or these this IP or 192.168.1.2becausethese associated with the which the connected. Gateway the LAN to which the connected. the the characters. the to the apply the the information the Ports from the or the Administration Worksheet, follow the instructions the to the and to the following account the the to the apply the the If SP IP the first or SP IP the the and the SP light the back of each SP The to completed, the SP light each SP and off. If SP IP the first or SP IP the the and the SP light the back of each SP The to completed, the SP light each SP and off.
the the following switches, with the CLI command, to the specified sphostb username where: the EMC (EULA) the specified The English. Currently, the only English. and displays of with the switch and displays of and partially with the switch that the the the the where: with the switch the of the to with the switch the of the that the EMC Products
EMC Products with the switch the IP of SP A, or the SP the specified sphostb with the switch the IP of SP B, or the SP the specified with the switch the the specified with the switch the the specified username with the switch the username. Used with only. with the switch the Used with only. with the switch the the specified the and the process.
whether to the or the or both attached If to both applications, or of the or the The of the and the to the or HBAs to the to of the the and the them that connected to the If to both applications, to of the the the from the CD. If Navisphere the The and Navisphere Table the the and the attached to the of the of the Table EMC Products
Function LUN andOSinformationtothe to information to the Youcanruntheserver high-availability (HA) fromthe CD without theserver EMC Products Differences the and the LUNmappinginformationis displayedintheManager UI to theLUNiconor withtheCLI the command. interaction You manually the information required. the or to the Since the as to often or when the and You manually the information the or to runtheutility. Sinceyourunthe ondemand, youhavemorecontrol as to howoftenor when the executed. LUN information the UI to the LUN or with the CLI the command. Navisphere this information displays the The text Manually appears to the the UI indicating that the to this and LUN information to the the ID, and IP to the Thetext ManuallyRegistered appears tothehostname the UI indicating that the to this Currently supported. and The that software the and that the and eachSPinthestorage
Function connectivitytothestorage installation. You the the You the from the CD. that the and You the fromthe CD. recommendthat ontheserver. theutility tousetheregistrationservicefeature(describedabove). If boththehost andrevision6.22.20or of theserver (theorder of whichdoes theserver registrationservicefeaturewill torevision6.22.20of theserver thehost and the Network connectivity allows LUN information to availabletothestoragesystem. EMC Products LUN information through to the and information to the Notethat youareusingtheserver tothestoragesystem, havenetworkconnectivity.
the and CLI EMC Products To the CLI, or the following of the operating SPARCstation, or of operating the the software release the EMC HBA and connected to each SP each directly or through switch or Each SP IP the and CLI only- TCP/IP connected to each SP the The TCP/IP allows the to LUN information to the and allows Navisphere or CLI to with the the TCP/IP to that to the including: whose to 6.X. or software. AIX, HP-UX, ESX NetWare, or the CLI. If to the CLI the to the TCP/IP to both the and each SP the The AIX, HP-UX, or the operating
the information about the revisions of the operating and the FLARE and Access software that of the the release the the EMC To this information while the SP You the SP completed the the of while the There however, when as of service. to the following If the booted from the the the If the from the to the the EMC recommends that I/O, including I/O, the the I/O when the If there I/O while the off or while through its the software to EMC Products
or the Navisphere and CLI the and/or CLI EMC Products You both the and CLI or the CLI If both, the first. To existing to the section. If to the and of the features the whether to the or EMC that the of the Navisphere CLI software that You the from the software the and or the You the software from the CD however, the CD the If the that each connected to the where the At the as If of the the To the HOST command. To the software or the following: On the Software Downloads and Licensing and to the Navisphere CLI section Solaris.
Select the to and the option to the to At the to the directory where the and the where the the the following to the and/or CLI To the software the following: On the Download AX150 or to Download software AX100 Select the Navisphere to and the option to the to At the command to the directory where the and the where the the the following to the and/or CLI To the software from the CD the following: the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere shell, the following command: EMC Products
EMC Products Select the that to of the following: (to the (to CLI) (to both the and CLI) and to the installation. The already If the then finished the to If the existing displays the following: At Least Navisphere Please of the following: Restore/etc/Navisphere/.Naviagent-config.000120:105 Restore/etc/Navisphere/.Naviagent-config.000121:140 Select Select the existing to as the The software that and with the Generally, to the as shown the To the specify the the option. the of the displays. If the CLI, the CLI as the If the from the CD, when the directory and then the CD from the CD who the or the Navisphere You to these to to them.
the the command NAVI* what of the following displayed: NAVIAGENT: Navisphere NAVICLI: Navisphere (CLI) NAVISCLI: Navisphere (CLI) If NIC the host), agentID.txt to that the the NIC IP connected to connected to that the or Navisphere host, the to the first NIC the host. If multihomed, the to with the to the to to NIC. You this agentID.txt text that formatting, or agentID.txt or directory of choice. the following to the agentID.txt with Fullyqualified of the IP of the HBA/NIC that Navisphere to host28 the and HBAs/NICs, HBA1/NIC1 with IP and HBA2/NIC2 with IP and the to NIC would agentID.txt as follows: host28.mydomain.com EMC Products
What user EMC Products The agentID.txt should these without formatting. The first should the and the should the IP of the HBA/NIC as Both should with return. the third this should the agentID.txt If created the agentID.txt directory other than to the to the agentID.txt the EV_AGENTID_DIRECTORY to to the directory where created agentID.txt If HostIdFile.txt the directory shown operating or The HostIdFile.txt located and then the Once the restarted, that using the IP that the agentID.txt To this, the HostIdFile.txt You should the IP that the agentID.txt the or CLI, the text to as below: text such as to the following additions to the specified $HOME/.profile or $HOME/.cshrc the text /opt/Navisphere/bin to PATH the text /opt/Navisphere/man to MANPATH the text /opt/Navisphere/lib to LD_LIBRARY_PATH each the
What the and/or CLI the using the as follows: $PATH $MANPATH $LD_LIBRARY_PATH If to the Navisphere If the or CLI existing finished with the To information, the to location Navisphere software. The following to the (and the CLI required). to the as and the started. At the the following commands: where: NAVIAGENT or NAVICLI (these and to the The the that from the CD. that the CLI EMC Products
the Navisphere the EMC Products the Navisphere CLI to or connected to the includes as The of the If to A09 of this that software. If Navisphere CLI to the include that the who the CLI commands as To or the below. user user where the account and the of the the The includes entry. the
If information to the and the the following commands: EMC Products
the EMC Products The Navisphere and such action as or specified The that with Navisphere interactive to these and If such and actions the /etc/Navisphere/Navimon.cfg The that text to and the actions the You the editing the Navisphere CLI command as the Navisphere Command Interface Reference
the Navisphere Starting and the Navisphere the the Testing the This section to the and to and the On the when the to init first the the the operating to the and occurred. The located heavy input/output (that the information reported to the the to This when Also, the SP and the to the it the to as and this command: as and this command: should the as follows: the as Starting and the Navisphere the and the operating to the and occurred. EMC Products
EMC Products that the the the as follows: the following CLI command: You both the switch and switch; or the other. where: the the with the each HBA the to the following displayed. SAN (shared the includes HBAs connected hosts. Information about each HBA: HBA UID: 10:00:00:60:B0:3E:46:AC:10:00:00:60:B0:3E:46:AC IP Address: HBA HBA HBA Information about each of this HBA: SP HBA Trusted: NO YES Source ID: YES the the information each HBA the to the from the HBA to the SP.
and the the information each HBA to the SP the While the the operating information about and and this information the The information about the the shutdown, and that might such as the to the If to troubleshooting. and Informational about recorded EMC Products
and the Navisphere the Navisphere EMC Products This section to the Navisphere connected to or EMC that the of the Navisphere software that You the from the software the and or the You the software from the CD however, the CD the to the as If previous of the the To the the HOST command. To the software or the following: On the Software Downloads and Licensing and to the Navisphere section, which the Navisphere section or the Navisphere section. Select the Navisphere to and the option to the to At the to the directory where the and the
where the the the Navisphere the To the software the following: On the Download AX150 or to Download software AX100 Select the Navisphere to and the option to the to At the to the directory where the and the where the the the Navisphere the To the software from the CD the following: the the CD, which shipped with the or the to Navisphere From mount the CD: mount the At the to the to process, to HOSTUTIL At the about that with the EMC Products
the EMC Products The displays information about the installation. the directory If the from the CD, the CD from the CD At the as which of the installed: HOST The of the software displayed HOSTUTIL or HOSTUTLA which of the the to the or and prompted and If the Not found
the Navisphere Starting the Navisphere Starting the Navisphere Starting the Navisphere the CD the Navisphere This section to and the You the from the or from the CD. to the Navisphere directory: /opt/Navisphere/bin the the the CD, which shipped with the or the to Navisphere to the directory: the The Navisphere allows to the following information the (Navisphere only) high-availablity with EMC Products
information the Performing high-availability EMC Products The Information option allows to information about the to connected To information, option from the and follow the instructions the information the option, to the Navisphere The high option (option and the command the high that the least to each SP, and that or other software, such as DMP or PV The other software, such as the the summary and it to the If the with the switch, the the to the specified high-availability to: the of software Checking the of To the high of option from the Welcome and follow the instructions the to high-availability software If high-availability as to software, to this to the to the software the To and HA the following from the directory to which the username
-secfilepath securityfilepath -directory outputdirectory where: the IP of SP the to which the You this switch with the switch. the IP or the of SP the to which the You this switch with the switch. username the the You this switch with the and switches. You this switch with the -secfilepath switch. the to the You this switch with the and switches. You this switch with the -secfilepath switch. the of this username and to the LDAP. You this switch with the and switches. You this switch with the -secfilepath switch. -secfilepath securityfilepath Searches the security the specified IP If the the specified IP then the the the security security to this switch. information to security to the EMC Navisphere Command (CLI) Reference EMC Products
EMC Products You this switch with the and switches. the Navisphere The -directory outputdirectory the directory to which to the the This switch the from the CD. the to the Navisphere directory. If the and specify directory, the directory specify the directory. the HA to the to high strongly that the following of software and that that software and to and This that switch firmware, that switches (recommended). software If about to software or HBA, LUN, or or that software and and interoperable to EMC Interoperability and that that the software and DMP, the Software section the of the and
these If they the the to those the software EMC Products
and the the EMC Products EMC recommends that connected to that the If to FLARE OE or to or FLARE, that operating or to the Release Notes or the EMC the of these operating the Release Notes and the Utility, of to the release and the EMC that the of the software that You the from the software the and or the You the software from the CD however, the CD the to the as such as If as Removing the To the software or the following:
On the Software Downloads and Licensing and to the section, which the section or the section. Select the to and the option to the to At the to the directory where the and the where the the the To the software Navisphere the following: On the Download AX150 or to Download software AX100 Select the to and the option to the to At the command to the directory where the and the where the the the To the software from the CD the following: the the CD that shipped with or to Navisphere EMC Products
EMC Products The CD mounted which to The following command If the CD mount automatically, then mount the CD the command. The appears with displayed. from the CD The following appear: The following ADMSNAP Navisphere X.X.X.X.X Select package(s)...to (or to prompted, to the and to the installation. The the and the of <ADMSNAP> The information the and apply to connected to the commands this the to the /usr/sbin/pkginfo-1 ADMSNAP to the following appear: PKGINST: ADMSNAP NAME CATEGORY: VERSION X.X.X.X.X PSTAMP: Navisphere: INSTDATE: November STATUS: Completely FILES:
Removing the the software The software the directory Unmount the CD the command. the CD from its to the as such as the existing ADMSNAP ADMSNAP Then prompted and If installed, Not found EMC Products
the EMC Products to the EMC Command Interfaces Reference information commands.
Copyright EMC Corporation. Rights EMC the information this as of its The information to without THE INFORMATION IN THIS PUBLICATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS." EMC CORPORATION MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION IN THIS PUBLICATION, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. and of EMC software this software the of EMC EMC Corporation other the property of their respective owners. EMC Products