EMC Corporation South MA Corporate Headquarters 424-EMC2 Service SVC-4EMC EMC Switch DS-16B2 OS PROCEDURES MANUAL P/N 069001111-A01
Copyright EMC Corporation. rights Printed EMC the information this as of its publication The information to without THE INFORMATION IN THIS PUBLICATION IS PROVIDED AS IS. EMC CORPORATION MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION IN THIS PUBLICATION, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. copying, and of EMC software this publication software Switch DS-16B2 extensively tested and to UL1950, CSA IEC 60950/EN60950; of Information including FCC B; CISPR22 Class A; EMC Directive 89/336/EEC compatibility. This with ICES-003. NMB-003 Warning! This Class this interference which the to A. Attention! A. interferences This and The type tested and found to comply with the Class to of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference. Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures Agency Information
Operation of this interference which the his to whatever to the interference. to this the the authority to this of the FCC Information EMC, EMC2, and and where information of EMC Corporation. other the property of their respective owners. Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
Chapter the Initial Switch Switch Procedures to Switch Licensed Features............................................................ the the and ID.............................. the IP the Fabric-Wide Count................................... the Timeout the the Switch and the the Restoring the or Restoring the Switch Switch Switch Switch the Switch the Threshold the Track Whether Track Enabled................. Static Route Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
Chapter and Customer Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures Information Command.............. Reading the of Software Statistics Statistics Summary of the of Switch the Switch Information About Switch the of the Switch............................................ the the the Switch Hardware................... supportShow of Detecting and A-2 Troubleshooting the A-3 Calling the Customer A-4 the A-5 Reporting New A-6 A-7
This of the Switch DS-16B2 and of the DS-16B2 switch. of where information located this The Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures procedures of the of and DS-16B2 switch through the interface. related to such as or QuickLoop, to the If Switch DS-16B2 function properly or function as this please the EMC Customer of this expected to with the following: Switch DS-16B2 operating operation Chapter the Initial Switch information including and Chapter Switch Procedures information Chapter Working With the information with the platform Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
Related Used EMC the following this and notices. Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures Chapter and instructions and switch information. A, Customer the EMC Corporation when with the Switch DS-16B2. The terminology this Switch DS-16B2 Reference Switch DS-16B2 OS Reference Switch DS-16B2 Information (MIB) Reference Switch DS-16B2 Switch DS-16B2 Reference Switch DS-16B2 QuickLoop Reference Switch DS-16B2 Watch Reference Switch DS-16B2 Switch DS-16B2 SCSI Services (SES) Reference Switch DS-16B2 Interswitch (ISL) Switch DS-16B2 Advanced Performance Switch DS-16B2 information that hazard-related. CAUTION information to or to the or The apply to or software.
WARNING warning information to that death, or property the warning. DANGER information to that injury, death, or property the Typographical EMC the following type this AVANT GARDE of and displays and or paths. entry. Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures and items text Selections from the interface, including buttons, options, and field New or Command when text directory
Where to technical office. and Customer the of EMC locations, please the EMC Service to the organization, and of the publications. Please to with opinions of this Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures service, United States: (SVC-4EMC) (543-4SVC) Worldwide: and Customer Support. If located the USA, the EMC office technical information the EMC products and services to and to the EMC
The Switch DS-16B2 to IP This chapter information to switch. to Switch.......................................................................1-2 Licensed Features..............................................................1-3 the the and ID the IP Address..............................................................1-5 the Fabric-Wide Count.....................................1-6 the Initial Switch the Initial Switch
the Initial Switch to Switch Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures The switch connected to IP through the RJ-45 to through to the Switch DS-16B2 Reference information about connecting the switch to IP To Switch DS-16B2 switch: to the switch. The the found the switch the The IP At the the ID that to The displays the the the The If the displays showing the of the switch and ID switch55:
Licensed Licensed such as Switch DS-16B2 Watch, Switch DS-16B2 and Switch DS-16B2 ISL already the switch firmware, them with Once purchase these features, to the To to the switch as the At the the following command: where the You to each the Initial Switch Licensed
the Initial Switch the the and ID Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures To what features switch: to the switch as the At the the following command: licenseShow This displays the that the switch and the features those EMC recommends that the user ID and the first the DS-16B2 operating To the ID and to the switch as the At the the following command: interactive and At the New username the You the of the without the Press NTER to the as the At the the At the New the The from to characters length. At the the exactly as the previous Press NTER to the to the firmware.
the IP The Switch DS-16B2 switch shipped with IP of To the IP and the IP of the switch: to the switch as the At the command the following command: interactive and Press NTER without to and the as the At the Ethernet IP the IP the Ethernet the switch. Press NTER to At the Ethernet the of the Press NTER to At the Gateway the IP of the Press NTER to The then to the switch firmware. You then prompted whether to the IP active or the the to the IP immediately. the Initial Switch the IP
the Initial Switch the Fabric-Wide Count Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures To that fabric-wide when switch, the fabric-wide count from the switch. To the fabric-wide count from switch: to the switch as the At the the following command: nsAllShow This displays the connected the
This chapter the following information Switch DS-16B2 switch. the Timeout the the Switch and the the Restoring the or Restoring the Switch Switch Switch...............................................................................2-7 Switch the Switch the Track Static Route Ports........................... Information Command Reading Switch Procedures Switch Procedures
Switch Procedures the Timeout the Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures To timeout to the switch as the At the command the following command: timeout where the of the If then the Timeout To the firmware to the switch as the At the the following command: This displays the DS-16B2 OS release and other information about the firmware.
the Switch and switches and memory. and Switch the and switch with incorrect and properly. To the and of switch: to the switch as the At the the following command: where: MM the month, DD the the hour, YY the than as than as The function daylight or Switch Procedures the Switch and
Switch Procedures the the Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures To the to the switch as the At the command the following command: configShow The displays. information the to the Switch DS-16B2 OS Reference Currently, only the RSHD.EXE and CAT.EXE hosts. Therefore, FTP workstations to the and the FTP service To of the to that the RSHD service UNIX only) or the FTP service UNIX or host) the workstation. to the switch as the At the command the following command: path_filename, Press NTER The to the IP and filenames/pathnames UNIX from Windows-based /temp/switch_2.txt
Restoring the To the from that the RSHD service UNIX only) or the FTP service UNIX or host) the workstation. to the switch as the the switch the following command: switchDisable At the command the following command: configDownload path_filename, Press NTER The to the IP and The only FTP. the switch the following command: fastBoot Switch Procedures Restoring the
Switch Procedures or Restoring the Switch Switch Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures To or the switch firmware: that the RSHD or the FTP service the workstation. to the switch as the At the the following command: firmwareDownload Press NTER The to the IP and The FTP. the switch the following command: fastBoot To switch: to the switch as the At the the following command: switchDisable the switch offline. If the switch of the switches
Switch To switch: to the switch as the At the command the following command: switchEnable that the POST If the switch of the switch the To to the switch as the At the the following command: portnumber where portnumber the of the to If the to another switch, the If the connected to or these to the To to the switch as the At the the following command: portnumber where portnumber the of the to If the connected to another switch, the If the connected to or these become the Switch Procedures Switch
Switch Procedures Switch Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures To the of switch: to the switch as the At the the following command: switchName "new_name" where the the switch. Switch to characters with and numbers, or the character.
the Switch the To the switchStatusPolicy threshold Threshold There that the of switch: of Factor supply ISL to the MARGINAL or DOWN threshold to the of the switch. these EMC Customer Service. to the switch as the At the the following command: switch:admin> The switch Switch Procedures the Switch
Switch Procedures the Track Whether Track Enabled Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures To the to the switch as the At the the following command: trackChangesSet that the track The from the track to the the switch. the or errshow to the Trackable from Track Track off Items the created from the Track TRACK (tShell): TRACK-LOGIN, To the of the to the switch as the At the the following command: trackChangesShow The of the track as or off This displays whether the to SNMP switch:admin> trackchangesshow Track ON Track SNMP-TRAP: NO
Static Route Information Command To to the switch as the At the command the following command: where the to statically routed; or the ID of the specified switch, and the where to this command, and from specified to the specified routed through the specified If the the routing assignment affected. becomes the assignment the enforced. If of statically to the the of the switch to impaired. To information about command: to the switch as the At the the following command: where the would with. Switch Procedures Static
Switch Procedures Reading ISL Static ISL Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures of the commands switch:admin> bcastShow To the they Each four of four that four as follows: C
Once the each where of and of The from right to that the least the This to of the as follows: This displays the as and Each switch internal the that of group. Switch Procedures Reading
Switch Procedures Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
This chapter the following information and switch information: the of Summary of the of Switch..............................................3-4 the Switch Information About Switch.........................................3-5 the of the Switch..............................................3-6 the the the Switch and and
and the of Software Software statistics include information such as Statistics of of of of synchronization and of of Statistics Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures There of statistics software statistics statistics To the software statistics to the switch as the At the the following command: portnumber where portnumber the of the to of software statistics the information the command, to the Switch DS-16B2 OS Reference statistics include information such as of received, of of received, and of and received. To the statistics to the switch as the At the the following command: portStatsShow portnumber where portnumber the of the to of statistics the displays. information the portStatsShow command, to the Switch DS-16B2 OS Reference
Summary of Table Summary This displays summary of the switch. To summary of switch: to the switch as the At the command the following command: portErrshow The the of counted: transmitted. received. Encoding with CRC too than too than eof with Encoding of Class (LF1 or LF2 states). of synchronization. of rejected with F_RJT. with F_BSY. Summary of and
and the of Switch the Switch Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures information the portErrShow command, to the Switch DS-16B2 OS Reference There to the of switch: the the once To the switch to the switch as the At the the following command: To the switch once: to the switch as the At the the following command: The switch Healthy/OK, Marginal/Warning, or The of switch the of within the switch. information the switch to the switchStatusPolicySet the Switch DS-16B2 OS Reference To the of switch: to the switch as the At the the following command: switchStatusShow The of the switch should Healthy/OK If the Marginal/Warning or the contributing to this displayed.
Information About Switch To switch information: to the switch as the At the the following command: switchShow This displays the following information switch: switchName The of the switch switchType The and firmware of the switch switchState The or of the switch. switchRole The or of the switch switchDomain The ID of the switch. switchId The D_ID of the switch. switchWwn The World of the switch. switchBeacon The beaconing ON or OFF of the switch. This displays the following information the specified switch: type The SFP type SFP The of the (1G, 2G, N1, N2, or AN). The fixed, or The information about the This or include WWN or or downstream information, to the switchShow the Switch DS-16B2 OS Reference Information About Switch and
and the of the Switch the Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures To the switch: to the switch as the At the the following command: This command displays: The of the operation. The amount of the first The and of the The reason the The reason the switch recorded the To the of switch: to the switch as the At the the following command: fanShow The OK functioning correctly. below rotating too or stopped.
To the supply of switch: to the switch as the At the command the following command: The supply OK and functioning correctly. supply supply switch turned off, or other the supply shown. If this numbers, numbers, and other information. and
and the the Switch supportShow Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures To the of switch: to the switch as the At the the following command: tempShow This displays readings from each of the located the of the switch. The located, approximately, each and the of the PCB. There switch. These the POST each switch booted centralMemoryTest portLoopbackTest The supportShow to gather switch information EMC Customer Service to this and the This information Customer Service that the switch.
This to users. It the of each of the following commands the other the following supportShow [firstPort, tempShow licenseShow switchShow portFlagsShow portErrShow portSemShow portRouteShow fabricShow topologyShow nsShow nsAllShow cfgShow onfigShow faultShow traceShow and supportShow
and This the following Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures firstPort Specify the first of of to information. The specified) to of If only firstPort specified, information firstPort printed. Specify the of of to information. Specify the of of to the If firstPort specified specified, firstPor information the port-based commands portRouteShow If supplied, firstPort to and to of switch. supportShow OS: Apr PDT Flash: Apr PST BootProm: Oct PDT
This the EMC detecting and software and that should the EMC Customer This covers the following topics: of Detecting and .........................A-2 Troubleshooting the ..........................................................A-3 Calling the Customer the Reporting New ...............................................................A-6 Documentation...................................................A-7 Customer Customer A-1
Customer of Detecting and A-2 Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures EMC software products directly the EMC Customer the United States. EMC the following to with its software products A-1). to Technical this the EMC Customer U.S.: Worldwide: A-1 Detection and Detection Collect Information as Directed SVC-4EMC 543-4SVC Confirm that the Software Related Directed to EMC Software Tracked and to
Troubleshooting the Please the the EMC Customer the the leading to the and them writing. to the If that technical or the EMC office or the EMC Customer of the following numbers: United States: (SVC-4EMC) (543-4SVC) Worldwide: Please already assigned to information the EMC products and services to customers and to the EMC http:/powerlink.emc.com A-3 Troubleshooting the Customer
Customer Calling the Customer A-4 Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures the following information the Customer or assigned to existing the ID, assigned to the
the If the EMC Customer information the please completely, to include the following information: and telephone The of the that assigned To the of photocopy this and include with the A-5 the Customer
Customer Reporting New A-6 Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures please the following information: Release of the software that Software type which and its release Functions of the software that Whether the Previous of the Whether the software correctly that the software properly Conditions which the software properly Changes to the the software properly and the of that to the and text of that the near the the occurred from that Other related Other information that the
of the following to of the to the EMC Customer FTP U.S. to the following EMC Customer South Street MA If the assigned or please include that information the as A-7 Customer
Customer A-8 Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
Encoding that each Used to and high or to the or of Advanced Performance to its shared AL_PA AL_PA to the AL_PA assigned to the AL_PA software facility that The the to the switch and of these terms this that and performance information to the and user AL_PA Physical Address; assigned to ANSI American National the the U.S.A. Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
shared MBps as Can to and Topology The capacity of or Usually measured second). to the of to Throughput The the or when the character Disparity associated with or Disparity Broadcast The of from to the of and Unicast Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures API Application Interface; that allows to interface with of services. ASIC Application Integrated ATM Asynchronous or that of to connectivity, and allows to AW_TOV the BB_Credit to the of that to directly connected or within the of Buffer-to Flow and EE_Credit BER the which expected to as the ratio of to transmitted. to that
Flow of the to or BB_Credit or interconnected switches. switches to switches, with of interswitch than switches). and ISL Chassis The which the switch and switch mounted. Class of Service specified of characteristics and Comma or 8B/10B to specify character within K28.5 Community (SNMP) relationship of SNMP and SNMP which authentication, and characteristics SNMP C established Consists of of Class Service that oriented service), with of or nondelivery. Class Service that and switching service with of or nondelivery. Class Service that switching service without of or of Can to the and with of or Class service switches, with of or of the Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
through switching that allows the to selected as as the received. Route Word of that within The header, field, and CRC of and Word The of the include and ID to Switches, and that the switch to the and routing Usually assigned the switch, manually assigned. Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures CRC included every Credit to the of of BB_Credit and EE_Credit Disparity The relationship of and character. of each, of ones, and of DLS of Allows recomputing of when or E_D_TOV the amount of to initiating recovery. Can as the allowed round R_A_TOV and RR_TOV type of switch that connected to another switch to ISL. ISL
EE_Credit to Credit; the of allocated to Used Class and services to the of the and Flow and BB_Credit EIA that the the Industry Association. The currently of and End-to-End Flow flow of and N_Ports. EE_Credit The highest N_Ports. Composed of or related and or both that OS and allows creation of interconnected of to The assigned to and and discovery. OS The operating switches. FC-AL-3 The ANSI. top of the FC-PH to or of synchronization, or of that to and interface Can to to switch. and containing or switches to and to as switched Topology SAN and Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
FC-PH-1, The Physical and Interface ANSI. service that service FSP Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures FC-FLA The ANSI. FCP of the SCSI FCP SCSI-3 FC-PI The Physical Interface ANSI. FC-PLDA The Direct ANSI. to the operation of peripheral FC-SW-2 The of the Switch ANSI. and algorithms the and of switches to switch Word IDLE or ARB that to the active. The basic operating with the that to and Can to to switch. and FLOGI the which whether and service with PLOGI The to Consists of of header, optional the (CRC), and of There of acknowledgements, and FRU Unit; that
of that allows the to and of that allows to or (with the of which transmitted The AL_PA that to FS Service; service that and known the service. FSP FSP Service the services, to the type or topology. FS FSPF Shortest Path routing switches. that as or and that as or as when connected or function the GBIC Interface that allows physical and bits/second). bytes/second). HBA the interface or workstation and the Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
ISL that of the combined of to four ISLs switches), while of ISLs group; each Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures that topology physical to the when active and when inactive. Continuous of when transmitted, to the active and and synchronization. or workstation network that initiates with IOD that, when that or ISL Interswitch from the of switch to the of another. and Isolated that to IDs or (such as E_D_TOVs). IU Information Unit; of information as or JBOD of connected chassis to or RAID K28.5 character to the of that and The first of the character the Comma
Latency The of to from the arrives. Services related LM_TOV the that the to return. of within of or of synchronization than the The to its Can to assign AL_PA or of the AL_PA of connected to that of another (NL_Port) or that of to that and and using or and to physical consisting of both and LIP the to Indicates or of LPSM State the that and the of when they to Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
relates to the that the routing flowing through the group. One of the the first ISL the as the that group. ISL MIB Reference reference that and information about the MIB types. cabling that allows to to SNS The and discovery. Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures LWL Wavelength; type of cabling that based and of to the type of GBIC or SFP. SWL MIB Information SNMP to with and information. The of from to specified (as to the the Broadcast and Unicast that to or to another to and that Used to to the through and that or NL_Port.
which inactive and or This there than and AL_PA and that as or NL_Port. that 8B/10B and with the K28.5 character. of and include the following items: which AL_PA and and received and Path Selection The selection of through the EMC switches the FSPF AL_PA that assigned to that physically the known as AL_PA. that physically included through the of to that each of Topology boundaries and or initiate states. to information from and to the of of information PLOGI the to which establish with FLOGI Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
The assigned to Communicated and discovery. that and the that include that the function within or and with or NL_Ports. that and the that includes and both and NL_Ports. QuickLoop that to allow within to with and the through the creation of Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures POST On of switch turned that with other NL_Ports the and the and of to the created using this software. QuickLoop of or the QuickLoop AL_PA R_A_TOV the the and E_D_TOV and RR_TOV
Rate The which arrive servicing entity. Service Rate Routing The assignment of to switch to RR_TOV Recovery the LIP SCSI E_D_TOV R_A_TOV of related transmitted the N_Ports. Service Rate The which service Rate The cabling that to of to RAID of of that appear as to the and through or JBOD Route to the switches. apply to the from to FSPF RSCN State Notification; switch function that allows of to from the switch to specified SAN of and that SES that OS and allows and of the Switch family using SCSI Services. SFP Factor to and switches. SI Initiative. Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
Switch The assigned to switch. Switch switch. Switch F_Ports, or Throughput The of flow achieved within or Usually measured second). Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures SNMP Network that IP functions and UDP or TCP/IP both. Can other such as UDP/IP, the Community (SNMP) SNS switch service that and to and them as to other the SNS and known to as directory service. FS. Switch that to and software. SWL Short Wavelength; type of cabling that based and to the type of GBIC or SFP. LWL The from when the to the to as tenancy. Topology to the of the and the allowed. There three Switched to switch F_Ports. NL_Ports connected
which with the character to the of the 8B/10B Character algorithm. Word of four characters. Trap (SNMP) The SNMP to inform the SNMP of SNMP ISL to when the and both the type of connected type of ULP_TOV the that SCSI ULP SCSI initiating ULP recovery. Unicast The of from to Broadcast and that OS and graphical interface to allow and of switches or from workstation. to the as assigned to function, and the switch. switch that as or as when connected or function the UDP that top of IP and ULP the that top of Typical SCSI, IP, HIPPI, and IPI. Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures
Workstation to and the to as or host. specified of that and Switch DS-16B2 OS Procedures WWN World that Each WWN. of and attached to the and as the Devices and within the to others the to the that OS and allows of the of and the