Please this Specifications and to without
of the and Preparation The of the Select the Trouble-shooting
of the Water Fixing (four and of the Warning Please the earthing to with that related to the of the and the of the users. Please conformity to the otherwise of the or the of the with that actions to Performing of those actions of the or the of the Top hose
the ground with the with the with other If the or the the the Please the with rated to single-phase three receptacle.The earthing of the earthed reliably.If possible,please protector. If the to to the technicians of or the service the of the clean. the the bathroom with the the of the the normally please the the location easily to and extracted hand. to the off when there's or the cleaned or when than C the covers to
stretch the It the of the or heavy items such as the with the Handicapped or children without the To and please of the buttons, hairpin and other or the yourself. with (such as thinner, the from sunlight and heat the heater. Please the and the of the It to Thinner
Please and the to the of the It to security and operating the and of the hose washing,the hose up,if to please to the below The smooth with the 1.The height of the hose than or the smooth enough and or the 3.If hose the of the hose than and the the the package,please the from the to the of the cabinet.See to the
the The of the bearing of the or ground of the Please with following with to the the hose Select the the hose the the (To the hose,you only to the hose the to the selected to the of the Attention: the first the otherwise the of the If the the to the component,the flow to the from flow the hose Water
Preparation to followings the the Clear the the hairpins the with the that from other those to with hand. those with heavy please first the or the with heavy please apply them which to the those that and those with those polluted chemicals the directly. Preparation the 2.Confirm that the earthed reliably Then the the the earth to the and the hose The of the too and the them the the the buttons; the the of the the of please the with buttons other
of the to the whitener to the Select the Please to the Knitwear/chemical and thick The the hose to the The The of of the to the of the that washed than the rated capacity. The thickness type of the cloth influence the capacity. It to reasonable amount of and the turnedround to the whitener with the whitener with or as they to The whitener the directly. to the the and of the whitener. whitener,please Direct the of the seconds to completely. the The of the of C and the while to About2 Silk(thin The to the than the Therefore please with It to high of Please to the instruction of the the About3~6 About7~13 (To to below first to then back. increase the service of the About8~10 About10~15 OFF
please the and of the and using the Please first off the from the cleaning. Cleaning the The It cleaned each off the the indicated to off. to Clean the and clean while to the cleaning, the of the with the then the of the with to Attention: to the the with cloth twisted with too dirty. directly Thinner Trouble-shooting The following phenomena Please to to The There's sound the the off the and the cord. the the immediately each off the the and the with cloth. the cover of the (about hour), then the there the tightly? the there item the
Quantity One Warranty One Water hose One Water (about) 1/7L 2/12L 3/18L Injection Rated capacity(kg) One One