One Please and These Instructions
should followed: instructions. or when the near the cooker heated when containing cooker other than This cooks properly closed operating. the M the than cooking foods that cooking such as or the height of M than of the and Food Preparation that foods, such as cranberries, or other peas, or froth, and and the release These foods should cooked cooker. the release the the cooled and internal released. If the to this that the force the cooker this with the operating reached, the heat the which the AV C
Introduction Precautions............................................................5 Instructions Food Preparations Instructions and Features.....................................................................8 and Troubleshooting................................................................................................11 One-Year Warranty GENERAL RECOMMENDATIONS the and instructions completely the first Emerilware One without severely. least the One to heat which to the One that the than the of the One or choose cooking plate with to or than that of the One the One hotplate or cook top, that the of the cooker and thoroughly clean. the of foods, lightly the the to food the facing the of the cook top and therefore from because the release burn. with the cleaning and instructions the Emerilware One C
Congratulations, about to and to and healthier food. You off whole One The Emerilware One exciting Steam-Surround that cooks of The of this the One that surrounds food with cooking the while cooking the The healthier food than You cook everything whole the Emerilware One other products that the of the One that the Steam-Surround cooking to other and spices, or the to cooking The Emerilware One to Once the to the where the ready to cover, the the heat of high and heat the steady to the of when This the released, hear sound which that things reach this the heat and the One the If the the cooking process, or to the food the and the the cover to This switches off the steam-surround and allows to the about seconds to release the as or to food finished, the back and It the the surround back within with easy using fresh of the that might with steam-surround reduces the cooking and increases the intensity of the of the cooked food. The easy to included with the and hours the of there One to Who with that? healthy, with practically clean with Mushrooms,Tomatoes and about to and of watching. the One that of the to creamy Once the cover of One and with that hour. and White Broth when paired with of crusty fresh and bottle of white and cooks the to the hope and with the One them as to to cook as normally would, reduce the cooking about fourth. this of as the from to to the cooking Once established know to cook the the C
the One with the (A) facing to through the (A), the heat and using the indicated the The from the the cooking off the heat the One as directed To the (C) counter-clockwise to the without further, as as the locking as the the to the and the force You the when the locking to the of the with the from to protective and the and C AG CAU
AT C FEATURES Capacity L) inches inches One P60427 The One these Heat Sources: Induction On of or than the of the One On cook tops, the of the One perfectly clean. using the should the of the heat of the when empty. OPENING AND CLOSING: This cooks the properly closed To the (C) counter-clockwise then off the To the the the (C) clockwise to the cover If the open/close (C) to turn, this that there force the the cooled and internal released. If the to this that the cooker force the FILLING: The food and the cooker should the M the should the
AT C cooking directly the of of the should of to the the with or food then the heat to heat. to steady to the when the heat to or high, whichever steady of PA AT C COOKING: each that the and the freely. the One with food as directed the the M the than cooking foods that cooking such as or the height of M than of the and the heat and to heat. when the to continuously from the (A) whistling sound), when this the heat You the One to or to whether the cooked, follow the instructions below. To the (C) counter clockwise to the without further the locking (D) If food or of the while the Turn off the heat and allow to cool the food the as directed below. If food from the allow the One to cool completely Reheat the food, without the cover. Once the locking (D) to the You then off the To the the the and turning the open/close (C) the clockwise to the closed and
of the the cooking to things chopped or ready to when the the as of thumb, when the One about of the cooking To the cooking the finishing Once One while easily to cooking foods. The One with features, including to The releases the If this activated: Switch off the heat the One to cool the One The allows to the and the If this activated: Switch off the heat the One to cool the One serviced the Customer Service You the Warranty section of this AT
Follow these and cleaning each to the with dishwasher each It to the located the top of the each the dishwasher, The and the whole dishwasher-safe. Interior: (Non-stick interior) To Preserve the Nonstick Coating heat or to the that burns or the One the heat (this to the and coating.) with the of sharp-edged and directly the the or and affect the performance of the Cleaning Clean the and outer coating of with and (scouring and recommended). and The polished with and immediately to It polished with of the cleaners, motion. or dishcloth to scouring and recommended. to with bleach or other chlorinated products. of the To the located the top of the to the located the of the the and with and dishwasher that the holding to the light. that the and freely and that the clean. C C and
the the the indicated the back that the the the of the outwards. the the Turn the whole while the Then to the the the the from the and clean with and To the the that the and the as shown the and the cracked or or the effective. to the overheating the while empty. and scratches appear prolonged these the cooker's performance. C C
If to the that the to the and turn. If the One heated with Customer Service instruction. If the locking and from the This perfectly the first If the that: The heat enough; turn There enough the The to The clean, properly and and that the The correctly screwed If the of these the to the Steam then to the and the One If around the the that: The correctly screwed If the the One If around the that: The closed correctly. The correctly positioned. The necessary. The and clean. The of the If to the Switch off the heat the to Steam If nothing and to the Allow the to cool and the turning the the Once the and the One If of the activated: Switch off the heat the cool the One Seal: Switch off the heat the cool Customer Service warranty If food burnt or uncooked, The cooking The of the heat and lower/increase That the correctly the The of to the and /or once If food burnt the of the the to while with bleach or other chlorinated products.
Emerilware warrants this to free from or workmanship from of purchase. If this warranty, please follow these Within the first from of purchase, should to of purchase of purchase required). Within the first months from the of purchase, Emerilware or charge*) the that to Emerilware. To warranty service, CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT AM and PM EST, through service, and ready). US, write to Emerilware, Attention: Customer Service Road, Canonsburg, PA of purchase when warranty service. SAVE YOUR SALES RECEIPT. This warranty only to the purchase and apply to or to to the from or malfunction) while of the Emerilware to or caused the allow this or of or the apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to Emerilware One (REV1-M1105)