and service
Section Flow Charts to and Capacity than Press> Press PSI) Press Press Press High Amps FLA (ON) Amps FLA (OFF) and Service 35391SC Press Press seconds Press Capacity Increase Capacity Decrease Amps FLA Normal Loading and Flow Charts of Press On: Press Press (typically seconds) Press> Press PSI) Press Cutin (ON) Press (OFF) Capacity Increase Capacity Decrease Press ON Normal Loading and
Section Flow Charts Suction Suction Press Suct Press OFF Suction Press Suct Press ON Flow Charts of and Service 35391SC Capacity Increase Decrease Suction Press Suction Press Decrease ON Normal Loading and
Section as the National (NEC) immunity, than the NEC to current-carrying Source of and Service 35391SC with EMI and Interference (EMI). The should isolated with its the operation, with Connecting the to and the to amounts of EMI from the other connected to the secondary terminals of the This should EMI and
Section Grounding Continuous grounds from the ity ground to the Grounding. Grounds or wire. grounds. Mixing from each other and AC from DC, Operation and Service 35391SC Each VAC VAC VAC VAC DC If or trays, the
Section should its Correct and Incorrect and Service 35391SC Correct Incorrect
Section AC wires from boards. the or of If the the top of to from the The with punched them! Dont: Dont wires through the that related to the Dont relays, timers, the without with Dont the top of Dont the Dont without to boards from and Service 35391SC
Section Architecture The X-86 PC with operating Architecture The the following attributes: rated X-86 CPU. XGA, high LCD LCD optional). interface. and I/O. NEMA-4 (NEMA-4X optional). Operation and Service 35391SC Architecture
Section Architecture (I/O) to Table I/O. the the to this output the the to this the the to this the the to this Capacity Increase This active when the the that the should increase capacity the to higher this Once the reaches this Capacity Decrease This only active when the the that the should the to this Once the reaches this Increase This active when the the that the should increase (VI) the to higher this Once the reaches this Decrease This active when the the that the should (VI) the to this Once the reaches this Heater This active and when the than the It when the higher than the tor and Service 35391SC This when the If issued, the and the cleared. Normally other the to or than the the than the Normally other the to or than the the than the This when the If issued, the and the cleared. Unused: This function. Injection If the injection cooling, this active. the and the the and the the then the The when the below the the Injection Not This output when the The or to the If the or the this Contact: This input feedback from the that the
Section Architecture I/O OUTPUT OUTPUT Capacity Increase OUTPUT Capacity Decrease OUTPUT Increase OUTPUT Decrease OUTPUT Heater OUTPUT OUTPUT OUTPUT OUTPUT OUTPUT Unused OUTPUT OUTPUT Injection OUTPUT Remote OUTPUT OUTPUT INPUT High Shutdown INPUT Switch INPUT Switch INPUT Remote Selection INPUT Remote INPUT Remote Capacity Increase INPUT Remote Capacity Decrease INPUT OUTPUT OUTPUT OUTPUT OUTPUT INPUT INPUT INPUT INPUT and Service 35391SC Table I/O of
Section Architecture High Shutdown This input the to If the and high Switch Used Cool Switch Used Cool Remote This input or I/O this input the Remote Increase and Capacity Decrease inputs. If the I/O this input this input the as as to this input the Remote Capacity Increase The the increase and approximately ONE SECOND. Please that account when the increase and If the I/O this input when the this input increase the The continuously increase as as this input The crease when this input Remote Capacity Decrease only when the This input the I/O this input crease the The continuously as as this input gized. The when this This when tion selected. or turned or off this This when tion selected. or or off this and Service 35391SC NOTE This when tion selected. or turned or off this This when tion selected. or turned or off this Optional inputs that as or Typically to switched Optional that as or Typically connected to switched to Table Inputs. (CT). ratio the Suction Suction and the and the and the and the and the Reads the back from the tion to
Section Architecture I/O OUTPUT OUTPUT OUTPUT OUTPUT INPUT Auxiliary INPUT INPUT INPUT I/O 0-5A Suction 0-5V, V, 0-10V, 0-5V, V, 0-10V, 0-5V, V, 0-10V, 0-5V, V, 0-10V, 0-5V, V, 0-10V, 0-5V, 0-5V, Suction RTD, ICTD RTD, ICTD RTD, ICTD RTD, ICTD RTD, ICTD Chiller RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD Caphold 0-5V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD Auxiliary 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD Auxiliary 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD and Service 35391SC of Table I/O of
Section Architecture Reads the back from the to Suction RTD. Suction tion the RTD. tion the RTD. bration the RTD. bration the bration and the Chiller Measures Chiller and the and the Caphold: Active Direct I/O the capacity of the from to the that to or to Table VFD: to with (VFD). VFD: to which interleaved the smoother and Service 35391SC that the (V+): cool this to the the injection screw, this to the injected the cooling I/O Boards It to the boards the the and input/output (I/O) I/O Each board dipswitch which its cations that with the CPU board. The dipswitch or the I/O function. the boards to them the type of used. The the board shows the optional other than the If to used, the the to the this the The following the the
Section Architecture I/O 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD 0-5V, V, 0-10V, RTD, ICTD I/O VFD VFD (Cool or Injection), V+ Unused Unused Unused Unused and Service 35391SC of I/O
Section Architecture Boards The board the that or other the that the or or off. the below These when produced. and Service 35391SC the below These indicated the of both the and the below These the active the board and the CPU board. the below Red. These switches to assign each board its The and therefor the of board as or
Section Architecture Boards The input from to the the that the or or off. board the below light These indicated when input detected. and Service 35391SC the below These indicated the of both the and the below These the active the and the CPU board. Dipswitches: the below Red. These switches to each its The and therefor the of input board only as
Section Architecture In-Out Boards The input board ated the as as to the the that the or or off. the below or and light inputs. These when or detected. and Service 35391SC the below These indicated the of both the and Communication the below These the active the and the CPU board. the below Red. These dipswitch- to assign each board its The and therefore the of as or
Section Architecture Boards The input board DC that the The the input DC from the to the board Con Jumpers: the below The allow the to the type and incoming the and Service 35391SC the below These indicated the of both the and Communication the below These the active the board and the CPU board. the below Red. These switches to assign each board its The and therefore the of board as or
Section Architecture The following to each of the input board type and the Table CHANNEL SIGNAL JP-1 JP-2 JP-3 JP-27 JP-35 1-A* AMP OUT OUT OUT OUT IN input 1-B** VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT 1-A when AMP secondary the 1-B when the and Service 35391SC Table VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT VOLT OUT OUT IN OUT OUT IN OUT OUT OUT OUT ICTD OUT IN OUT OUT OUT RTD OUT OUT OUT IN OUT CHANNEL SIGNAL JP-4 JP-5 JP-6 JP-28 VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT VOLT OUT OUT IN OUT IN OUT OUT OUT CHANNEL SIGNAL JP-7 JP-8 JP-9 JP-29 VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT VOLT OUT OUT IN OUT IN OUT OUT OUT CHANNEL SIGNAL JP-10 JP-11 JP-12 JP-30 VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT VOLT OUT OUT IN OUT IN OUT OUT OUT ICTD OUT IN OUT OUT RTD OUT OUT OUT IN ICTD OUT IN OUT OUT RTD OUT OUT OUT IN ICTD OUT IN OUT OUT RTD OUT OUT OUT IN
Section Architecture and Service 35391SC (Continued) CHANNEL SIGNAL JP-13 JP-14 JP-15 JP-31 VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT CHANNEL SIGNAL JP-16 JP-17 JP-18 JP-32 VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT CHANNEL SIGNAL JP-19 JP-20 JP-21 JP-33 JP-25 VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT ACTUATOR OUT OUT OUT OUT POTENTIOMETER OUT OUT OUT OUT CHANNEL SIGNAL JP-22 JP-23 JP-24 JP-34 JP-26 VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT ACTUATOR OUT OUT OUT OUT POTENTIOMETER OUT OUT OUT OUT VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT VOLT OUT OUT IN OUT IN OUT OUT OUT ICTD OUT IN OUT OUT RTD OUT OUT OUT IN VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT VOLT OUT OUT IN OUT IN OUT OUT OUT ICTD OUT IN OUT OUT RTD OUT OUT OUT IN VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT VOLT OUT OUT IN OUT IN OUT OUT OUT ICTD OUT IN OUT OUT RTD OUT OUT OUT IN VOLT OUT OUT OUT OUT VOLT OUT OUT IN OUT IN OUT OUT OUT ICTD OUT IN OUT OUT RTD OUT OUT OUT IN
Section Architecture Boards The the from to the below These indicated the of both the and and Service 35391SC Communication the below These the active the board and the CPU board. Dipswitches: the below Red. These dipswitch- to assign each board its The and therefore the of board as
Section The the encountered when the This as the succeeding and as formation as The Screen four Three of the sections and Service 35391SC Top and These three sections of the while through other and of information. The splash screen the section. to other through the Screen
Section Top The of the shows three of information. From to right the shows the the and the the and the of the Top The function where to the information that or intervention. It accomplishes this the and/or ashing infor- mation the Indicates where the Informs the that the currently and Service 35391SC Top Information their information the top of the The the and then or information Information that than of this The to completely to high and therefore the this type of information Information yellow This typically the it to the of that corrective action then Information Informs the that the the the informa- tion to the and operating the
Section Screen The of the to the that the would concerned with. It the to buttons such as the and tons, Capacity the of the capacity from to The buttons below the The the and the increase the Shows the of the from to crease and appear below the The buttons appear the who If the buttons to increase and the the as the and Service 35391SC Stop pressed, the Remote pressed, activates the option. This that from and the To release the the the and then the when the appears. pressed, clears or that the infor- mation the that created the or the reappear.
Section Screen (Continued) Unit pressed, appear that the of options; or Unit The The top the that the the that the this the and Service 35391SC Unit The suction shows the suction and suction The shows the and The shows the which as suction lated as the of the the injection and the of the the The shows the
Section The the easy to functions and information. The the four Pressing the the to the charts and off Access This the to another and Service 35391SC to users. off Pressing the off off the Pressing the the to the where the tion and service and to information. The information and the other or that might active. To the right of the the the and and the hours of the
Section Screen Splash The splash the of the that as the through the Splash The shows graphic of with of the the top the and the outlet and the Suction: the suction and Motor: the the VFD this the RPM. the of the the the of the from to and Service 35391SC Splash Process: the selected as the this appear and displays the the of the from to the The often and off This informs the when the Heater: The heater often and off the This informs the when the heater Remote the of the While remotely of the and the pressed, the to the
Section Screen The the to other section of the software. Every to from this to the exiting, Navigation to the where the the and to the and where the the and Timers: to the screen where the the related and Service 35391SC to the where the the to the and to the where the to to four other This known as to the where the VFD: Not currently Service to the service options where the manually on/off and and
Section Screen to the screen where the of the to the where the the and chart: to the chart where the tor to four graphical his- torical to the where the the such as or Input/output Allows of the of and input and outputs. allows of of and input and the of the I/O to the I/O where or Con to where the gured. Allows the to tion and to USB memory this allows the tion of previously back to the and Service 35391SC
Section The where the of the These the and to loads. The of to overwhelm the with of the How the the ration what displayed. It to that there isnt to these Every and the to these to the operation, The to the and Service 35391SC to the The or suction what the selected as the The the to the the to the and the from the Based the from the algorithm which the the of the The further the from the the the corrective The of the the the the as the This that the of the of the capacity these slowing the reaction of the thermal the tion
Section the the of the from the the of the to the capacity This the and the the the band, the the of the continuously. Increasing the of the the reaction The around the where the the ity This of the band. the to and the to of the of the Once the within the band, the algorithm the to If the wishes the to the to this and Service 35391SC the excessively to the and heat the or the life. Auto-Cycle The the which the and off when the These or using the to the or from immediately occurring when the If shutdown suction and required, the OFF below the Suction This the and to
Section The function and Direct I/O Remote If the while other the function the to respected If the from back to the normally. the the the to off the Stop and allow the to the the to the the suction or this the the from when the tion or this Stop the suction or below this the Stop the from when the tion or this and Service 35391SC NOTE VFD VFD Two-Step The that the allowed to (VFD) The VFD where the the tor VFD operation. the of VFD to the amount of or of the The VFD the capacity to the of the capacity and the to the of the capacity, VFD the to to of its capacity. The algorithm the to its then the to its the the to its then the to its The the the four VFD Two-Step While the the to the then the to its the Once completed, the algorithm the to the and the of At this the would loaded. the The typical installations and normally when recommends
Section VFD covered this VFD that properly and the of causing and Please VFD VFD the the VFD This the Capacity the and the While these should and VFD the and the While these should the of the VFD. VFD the the VFD Capacity the and of the the VFD VFD the and the the VFD Used to the action to the the and the (SP PV This and This should to the lowest that Increasing the increases the to and the to Used to the action, integrating the to account that This This to smooth This should high enough to enough to overshoot. Used to the capacity action, accounting and Service 35391SC NOTE fast the positively or tively. PID applications. The of which to off from the This or from this which the of If this function when the and Con Suction If then; The functionality the to off the Stop Normally, the Stop than the Auto-cycle Therefore, as the suction pulled the from the Auto-cycle the Auto-cycle The Stop the suction or below the Stop This the If this and the allowed to Stop This the suction which the off. Normally, this below the Suction Auto-cycle Stop Stop This the from when the suction to or than the Stop The capacity the that the allowed to forcing the to that the suction pulled to the Stop This the operation.
Section This active when and Con Suction This when or while Stop when when and hence, the to ate This to and The of the suction from high This that or building to the which to cooled. This or from this which the of If this only function when the and the Suction The to the suction to operating The pulldown to the suction the suction and the to to The to allow hours of pulldown reasonable of every This of First immediately. of hours the hours, the Next hours Next hours forth. and Service 35391SC the hours and the becomes the hours. the pulldown to or than the the pulldown Pulldown: This the If this and the allowed to Initiate Next This when the the operation the following when Suction If Suction then and restarted Suction If Suction and then and once back to Suction This the which the suction This the which the each Stop This the suction which operation completed. suction to or below this and Initiate Next checkboxes as this This the offset and Stop from the Suction Suction this while Stop Suction this when
Section and hence, the user to This to Pulldown features This the the to the type of such as suction or The tor switch from and each What this the and type of lected the Stop and Force The and force to to the from off to reading. the suction too the off reasons. the force and the from or the to the Stop this reached, the Force Unload: this reached, the tion the reading below this High Amps: and force High and force Suction Suction and force Capacity The offers that the preselected and bypass. these preselected the and Service 35391SC the each Indicates the where the State Below the of the when the below the The choose N.O. or N.C. Active: to the These offer the to the to of Since the function of the pacity the offset to the based the of the The offset to the or tion using the Capacity and The of the Capacity the that the off- applied. Soft This to the of the the This allows to reduce the as the tion to Soft the of the At the At the would reduced to and off the the section.
Section The of the to the amount of overshoot of the tion while the to the This advanced of the closely the of of the and to the If the the of the the or then the to the The the section of this Allows the to choose the algorithm Rate the which the interrupted. This of the the If the suction then this or the then the would 0.25F. These the the of the Press Ratio: The and off when the and off the selected to from the Heater the below this the heater there 5F associated with this when 100F, the heater 95F and off 105F. Injection The this section to the of the injected the cooling The injection based off of whether the injection or with the and Service 35391SC Injection ONLY using the injection the activated once the of or the of and the of or the of The of This ations where the the cold. the injection from turning this the subjected to that cool the further. Injection to the amount of injected the the slightly function. The the injection however the as the the PID that the of the The algorithm the the The these the The PID algorithm to the to the positioning to allow or to injected the PID notoriously to the offers of tional to that the off. The choose to the that the injection to the whenever the below the This nearly the overshoot of the PID the and reduces the chance of the off to The choose to of the and the as the The drastically forcing the PID algorithm to cally the the and the and the PID easily Please that as stated PID algorithms to and there of PID that The to the of its greatly and therefore the amount of heat to the as greatly. the
Section PID from to this PID. which the or the the the PID the the reach the injection allowed to activated. Used to the positioning tion to the the and the DT The and This should to the lowest that to the Increasing the increases the to and the to This the to count that This This to smooth This should high enough to too high or overshoot. This accounts the positively or this the when- the below the off to overshoots and other with the and the This and should and Service 35391SC
Section and The and allows the to and and and as to the of that the to the that the of the or and the displayed as and the top and and to history the Both and the from the the input/output to of input and as The as the input/output and as troubleshooting the and Service 35391SC and and Suction This the suction This active both and or activated the tion below the High This the high The or activated the the High only) This active when the or the There This the This active when
Section and selected the selection found the or activated below the Suction This the suction The or activated the suction below the High This the high The or activated the the This the The from or the the below the of the this deactivated and the and become active. This the of the the bypassed and and become active. The or the the below the Injection This the injection The and bypassed of the Injection The and the expired. High Injection This the high The or activated the injection the This the If the the with seconds Comp. then the aborted. The Comp. the The as charge This of the the and Service 35391SC This the The and of this as as the The Pre and this of the (typically seconds). this then the back to the The action of the about allows the to to the the pired, the the or or or active the below the the expired. This the as suction High This allows higher than to the This allows that the and to and with warmer of the this deactivated and the High and become active. or active the the High This active when the and the or active the the High Amps: This active the Decrease At (this the the the with Service Factor, the should of the age The should of the
Section and Inhibits The to the from to the and the While the the the or the started. The to count of the including The the to aborted and the Suction This appear when the suction below the of the Suction or High This appear when the the of the Press or Suction This appear when the suction below the of the Suction High This appear when the the of the High This appear when the below the this appear the and the to the the started. This appear when the below the the This appear when the below the of the and Service 35391SC This appear when the remained below the The to the of the This appear when the Suction) remained the when the This appear when the below the the This appear when the Injection below the Injection This appear when the to the Injection the Injection High Injection This appear when the Injection the High High This appear the the High Press the High This appear the the High Press the High This appear the the Amps Interlock This appear the to the to High Shutdown This appear when from the input that as Safety (please to
Section and This appears when the and the to The appear the and the of the indicating that the This appears when from the input to This the the the and Service 35391SC
Section The allows the to and associated with operation. There of that the should of below, The from type to another once the and then the expired. The and from occurring the and then the expired. the to the and Service 35391SC amount of the to the Capacity Increase At the this This to allow and to the the to to the This the of the establishing to the the
Section This the of which the the of the the expired, the become active. High This the High when the It the High active the the expired, then the High active. This the switch the This activates when the switch and when the switch If the switch the the and displayed. This the with switch (the switch injection and optional others). This the switch the This activates when the switch and when the switch If the switch the the and displayed. This the with switch (the switch injection and optional others). This allows to the the expired, the then active. This the to allow the and to the the Injection active. This forces the to the and the it automatically. the of this other the allowed to automatically, and Service 35391SC This the that of the to the The option selected the Con this tion to active. This counter counts every one-hour and If the the counter the counter reaches its allow another the one-hour and the counter. The counter, therefore, when the This allows once the counter reached its hour the counter to Once the off, this the off the of the This to of the This forces the the and and Once the allowed to the of the the the that the of the then when the allowed to immediately. Interlock Once the command to the to This to that High Amps typically than its rates This that of the Emergency Stop the amount of the activating the Emergency The connected to the of
Section to to the Suction the that the allowed to suction then would usually allow High Superheat This activates shutdown and the the and Service 35391SC
and Service 35391SC
Section This allows the to switching the and This and from the to four switch scheduled The options selection The allowed to to when the The of and Service 35391SC If with to the to and then These boxes allow selection of which switched once achieved. The of allowable the of selected the the of Suction selected and the of selected then Unscheduled, Suction SP1, Suction SP2 and SP1 as tions selection. If selected as and achieved, then switched. Hence
Section as to This allows selection of and AM/PM achieved, as selected that The of allowed to hour and hour The of allowed to AM/PM selection active when Format selected tion hour. and of Suction which selected as then matically and to to the and Service 35391SC
Section where than TCP. These the should This from the Con the to and Service 35391SC Screen of those Rate offset (outer): the offset to If Suction Rate offset and Rate offset then to Rate Rate offset the offset to
Section If Suction Rate offset then to Rate Suction The These to Rate the to tor If Suction below Rate offset then to Rate Rate (outer): the offset to If Suction below Rate offset and below Rate then to Rate Capacity Load/Unload Timers: One of the following Capacity Load/Unload to odically. Suction to which of the to used. Rate If Suction Rate offset then Rate to Rate If Suction Rate offset and Rate offset then Rate to Rate If Suction below Rate offset then Rate to Rate If Suction Rate offset and below Rate offset then Rate to allows to and those Operation and Service 35391SC of this updated This of the the with selected from should than once of the of this included/excluded ON/OFF. Switching to OFF when respective This to or to when CFM: CFM only. These when This CFM. Priority: This of the This the which turned and off the the of the This would or of the capacity. the when pacity than capacity, ity reduced to capacity. when than capacity priority. the lowest with which allowed to the highest with which allowed to pacity shows the seconds that the once NOTE
Section shows of the Please Application Notes Stop Stop shows the that the once (Stop Refresh: freshed Pressing Refresh refreshes the of the Con to and Then to and their and Service 35391SC the If and ready to with to Condition. capacity without active of its NOTE
and Service 35391SC
Section This allows the to and associated with This active the option from the Con The allows the of and to The selection of and VFD or VFD employed, VFD allowed to reach the or turned The VFD and then once back to then the or turned This allows the smoothest the VFD the and while that matches the and Service 35391SC allows the selection of of The choices selection The of operation when this active. With operation of selected when of the to when the of selected when of the to when the off. manually. the on/off each
Section Press: This the and displays the of This the that to Deadband: This the when the selected and the within this Deadband: This the capacity reduced when the selected and the within this This the and displays the of This played when from Con This the only and displays the of This played when from Con This the offset from as the Switch This the tomatic switching of from to winter and Selection: selection allows to and selection of VFD of allow inclusion/exclusion of weather when summer/winter switch This selection inactive when and Switch High to This the of and Service 35391SC Switch: This when allows to switch when below winter used. when used. This when the functionality to the reaches the then the This as to the and or the operation manually using on/off each The allows the to the which VFD turned on/off. connected to VFD connected Each of connected to or of checkbox, and from to and hence switching on/off VFD connected This of from to when below Allows to or continuously or- to increase or While VFD only once VFD reached its and the VFD once VFD reached its and the acts as ON while and acts as OFF while the Allows to option of of to
Section selected as through selected as becomes active which time-out off as the High to then of the On/Off tion of This active when selected of ON. VFD This active when VFD selected Con VFD operation, the of the VFD PID algorithm. Used to the action tion to the the and the (SP PV The and This should to the lowest that Increasing the increases the to and the to Used to the action, the to account that This This to and Service 35391SC smooth This should high enough to too high or overshoot. Used to the action, account- the positively or This the age VFD which should to increase Then VFD to of or to to as which when which VFD connected) reaches to its of This the age VFD which should to Then VFD to or to to as which when which VFD connected) reaches its of
and Service 35391SC
Section Service The Service Option allows the the ity to force or ON. This and/or the suspects with the outputs. The buttons this while the Service The buttons tons. The active while the his the The when the The the the or the the located the and Service 35391SC Service Screen Activates the assigned to the tor The to and the LED Activates the assigned to the The connected to and the LED Increase Motor: Activates the assigned to the increase input of the The to and the LED Capacity Decrease Motor: Activates the assigned to the input of the capacity The connected to and the LED Increase Motor: Activates the assigned to the increase input
Section Service of the The connected to and the LED Decrease Motor: Activates the assigned to the input of the The connected to and the LED Heater Activates the assigned to the heater. The connected to and the LED Deactivates the or This acting The connected to and the LED Activates the typically assigned to the the The connected to and the LED Activates the typically assigned to the the The connected to and the LED Activates the This acting The connected to and the LED Injection Activates the assigned to the injection The connected and the LED Injection Not currently Enabled: Activates the assigned to of the The connected to and the LED Activates the and the expired. This wired the with that to to force shutdown. The connected to and the LED and Service 35391SC Activates the assigned to the of the The connected to and the LED Activates the assigned to the of the The connected to and the LED Activates the assigned to the of the The connected to and the LED Activates the output assigned to the of the The connected to and the LED The (AO) selections allow the to of the then the The to the of VFD: the assigned to the VFD. The connected to AO VFD: the assigned to the VFD. The connected to AO the output assigned to the to inform of the The connected to AO injection the assigned to the tion The to AO
Section The allows the to the the from attached to the inputs. The to then selected Each headed with informa- tion I/O that the information that The A/D shows the the to This affected to the as to the associated input, there this The shows the of the process. Therefore, to the what shown, and Service 35391SC process. that to to through the and The commonly and The of the to these Each these tions, and The section where the of the The tion the type of the Devices: selecting this option, the of The
Section and selected, then the the Custom This option allows the to choose the and of the used. Once the completed, there to the of the from the and the the that added/subtracted from the The offset to the which should the This option when the tion chosen. the the type and transmitted the The choose from the or The options transmitted from or AC The type of selected the The the to both options through the and ratio the type that selected the the only section that to the The from other that the while the to as the to the that to the measured the measured the displayed off slightly. this the and the displayed should Not the the inputs. and Service 35391SC the inputs. The the the of the Not the the to- offset of from the the of the Secondary: Not the the of the The the of the the of the Not the the to- offset of from the Remote Capacity The input allows such as the PLC to the capacity I/O This this the and Capacity tion the input. Used to the the that to the offset the
Section This section of the allows the tor to the of These of typical the to The of this typical to the and These allow the to what the input from the of and If connected, then the from the Unit then the and the Once the completed, there to the of the from the and the the that added/subtracted from the The offset to the which should the the the type and the The choose from the or and Service 35391SC
and Service 35391SC
Section The the and to establish It that the tion while operating this The that the from with the mechanical the and the the Both the back to their Capacity This section information and related to the The shows the of the pacity with conditioning that might to the other capacity Operation and Service 35391SC this section displays the of the the input the and this the associated with If the turn the when this pressed, then the to the wired to the the and this the associated with increase If the the when this pressed, then the to the wired to the Software The the and to within the
Section mechanical These to the from the mechanical which of the software to from The from the software Therefore, to than or than the these reached. This section information and related to the The shows the of the with conditioning that might to the other plays. this section displays the of the the input the and this the output associated with If the the when this pressed, then the to the wired to the the and this the associated with increase If the the when this pressed, then the to the wired to the Software The the and to within the These software to the from actually the mechanical which of the to from The from the Therefore It to than or than the these reached. The gear-motor with The the and Operation and Service 35391SC from the the The the the of the The the and information to where to the the records the high and count of The the when the the high or with the to the instructions the The the while the To this, the only electrically while the the to the tor enough to the enough the to to and then the to EEPROM memory. restored, the from EEPROM memory and the function This foolproof. If the manually while the off or the allowing the to free wheel too the the its the If the turning the this, and immediately when restored. Motors that the brated, the output of the they calibrated. To to motors, the TURCK or the TURCK instructed to this the cover of the capacity the four Head screws. Gently the cover and the TURCK the enough to to the and to to the LED the top of the assembly, cover(s). the
Section From the the On the the ton. the appears, then the TURCK and the TURCK to the Capacity Press or to the to the rotation. Table below rotation). If reason the or the to the increase or the of the TURCK the to the of the CAUTION DO NOT CONTINUE TO ENERGIZE THE ACTUATOR MOTOR AFTER THE SLIDE HAS REACHED THE MECHANICAL STOP. Doing mechanical to the or shear the the reached the mechanical the the of the to release the and thereby release the the and release the BLUE CALIBRATION BUTTON the ACTUATOR once. This instructs the ACTUATOR to the The LED the ash- the the to the to its mechanical This of the and sound from the hear the wind-up, release the Then the to the that the capacity off of its and there the and release the BLUE CALIBRATION BUTTON the ACTUATOR once. The LED This instructs the ACTUATOR that this the This to AFTER the ACTUATOR completed. the the to the to its mechanical This of the rotation and sound from the hear the wind-up, release the and Service 35391SC and release the BLUE CALIBRATION BUTTON the ACTUATOR once. The RED LED This instructs the ACTUATOR tor that this the This to The ACTUATOR completed. the Capacity based the to the CAUTION screws. to comply to Gently the cover to where the and that the cover the four screws. the the
Section Command Rotation The following the the Every the to wired to the CCW and the CW rotation, Table Command Rotation CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CCW CW CCW CW (VSM) CW CW CCW CW (VSS) CW CCW CW CCW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW CCW CW and Service 35391SC Command Rotation Capacity Increase Decrease Increase Decrease Command Rotation
Section Troubleshooting The of the to attached that the might the this offers the the to the and output Table Troubleshooting The calibrated. The spontaneously. The the There clicking when the operating. and Service 35391SC Table Troubleshooting of Reason or or both Clean the optocoupler with optocoupler and The than about the optocoupler The white the grounded. and/or the boards causing to malfunction. The to free the The the that when through the The white the grounding intermittently. of interference (EMI), such as the of the or The manually while the The the to where properly. freely and then The EEPROM the memory The to or the with the optocouplers. The the to where properly. freely and then the photochopper that the further the optocoupler the operates freely and the photochopper the optocouplers when the the of the white the and that Clean the boards with or the and then Each the counts as another press. the of the white the and that Increase the the EMI and the shielding the EMI and the or
Section Reason There clicking when The EEPROM the the operating. (Continued) memory There clicking when the operating. The operates only. The The intermittently, off. thermal switch. the The sporadically. The turn. and Service 35391SC Troubleshooting of The photochopper to or the with the optocouplers. The too the the There the screw There or Clean and the The the There or the The thermal switch tripped the overheated. of the reasons The tor operates only. The the command the gear-motor. the overheating and the ther- switch of the reasons The tor Stripped the or the the from the the that the further the optocoupler The when This caused malfunctioning the factory. This caused tioning the factory.
Section Troubleshooting the internal to the LED displayed, though that than detected. The tor the cleared the Table LED and Troubleshooting TP1 and TP2 plated-thru located to the optocouplers the board. They clearly the and Service 35391SC LED and Troubleshooting of ON OFF This This only The typical to the when the of the If this the the to the This or both of the optocouplers If this the the to replaced. The of the optocouplers tested as follows: Manually the the of the the DC of the and TP1 the The should and Next, the DC and TP2 the board. You should and occurred. At operation, the too the to nonfunctional to This that the information. The should as as the of the and corrected. This clear the re-calibrated.
Section The EEPROM This usually caused of 24V the pleted. The while this displayed. To clear the the tor. If this occurred and the of 24V the EEPROM memory and the to replaced. Please authorized The TS1 where the thermal switch leads the board. They clearly the and oriented and Service 35391SC Table LED and Troubleshooting of ON OFF The overheated. The Once the the operation. overheating when that the authorized Another this thermal switch. The thermal switch tested the DC with the TS1 If the switch closed operation) The 24V supply This when the and If the the terminals and of the If the than 24V, the the supply to the board. If the 24V, the
Section Chart This allows the to and the chart, Chart from this to four selected Each assigned of four the plotted and the its assigned The from the to selecting which and to as often as necessary. The and offset each plotted based its of the ted The hours and Service 35391SC Chart Chart Selection: selection allows to plotting of the The as option plotting of selection selected This allows the to and While Stop and Stop pressed, to In/Out: These buttons allow the to the of plotted the At
Section Chart of and inactive. At hours of and inactive. These buttons allow the to the and inactive when the the plotted the screen when ton inactive when the the the when At buttons inactive. Trace: This allows the to white four and read- of four that the Trace pressed, displayed with of four the This allows the to the from the without the the pressed, displayed the Trace These buttons allow the to white and that These active when Trace pressed. these buttons pressed, and the This allows to the This inactive when the and Service 35391SC The shows recorded or of the with of to to 1MB of the 1MB of from written to and with 1MB of of 15MB of mulated, and the with another of to write, the with the
Section Chart The options selection from appear of ton when allows the to of I/O The from the the The USB appear as option when USB mounted the If there the USB or when the USB unmounted from the and USB selected written to If the Press/Temp from ration when then background and Service 35391SC Screen
and Service 35391SC
Section This to The information the the of the and troubleshooting, This four and to The the information the through the the of the MM-DD-YYYY and Service 35391SC the of the HH:MM:SS the type of Common type Stop, and These the to the of the the the informational that the
and Service 35391SC
Section This displays of the and There four of (I/O) This of the I/O the and this as to The when than These downloaded to USB though the and Service 35391SC
and Service 35391SC
Section The (I/O) section of the the to peripheral and/or such as motors, and With these additions, expanding the of the where explicitly to or of the or with the to the I/O, the with of the I/O and the selected of the ration Once the then the to and the I/O. The then to the I/O where the that I/O and Service 35391SC Inputs: The section of the I/O allows to the inputs. The input to and high or input. input and high the input. Leaving options their action input. The input the or Selecting this the and/or functions of the the input. The accompanying the the exibility to choose whether the and/or the input high or
Section Selecting this the function of the the input. the from the where the as started. The selected to high or input and selected to with or without the and function The section of the I/O to the The to High, based input or input. Every and input the Selecting the the Active with inputs. One of the then selected to the Selecting the the Active with inputs. One of the then selected to the Selecting this the function that the output to when the or the The the based the This the which the This and based or the type of input selected. N/O N/C: Choosing the Normally (N/O) or Normally Closed (N/C) buttons what the or below the the N/O the Operation and Service 35391SC off while the input below the This the around the of with of then as the increases to the If the to then the the The relay option to the formation from input to another or to peripheral This to the selected input or the Selecting this option high when the selected input High; and when the selected input Selecting this option when the selected input high; and High when the selected input The section of the I/O to the function of connected to the The to input informa- tional or as input the and The to and This allows the to whether the input should ate or both when the input the the and boxes. Selecting this the input the This the of the input that when
Section High This the of the input that when the of the input that when High the of the input that when This allows to input or input to of the four There of tion, each consists of outputs. Active Active selected from or inputs. Selected Active to option selected to mapped irrespective of the If selected then the only when to to the input. input selected from or inputs. and with type On or below or PID or Scalable Controlled. Used to the tion to the the and the active input The and This and Service 35391SC should to the lowest that Increasing the increases the to and the to Used to the to account that This This to smooth This should high enough to too high or overshoot. Used to account the positively or These and active input These and The based these
and Service 35391SC
Section The where of the and gured, Con Screen The of the what selected, of the to the Units This section through the Units: to the from and Once selected, the chosen Press Units: and Service 35391SC Con to the and the selections and the every throughout the the of the purchase of the This If the tor from Hours: the to the hours. This typically when and existing with This section the and of the and
Section and troubleshooting. these the clock the CPU. If the retained the the should and/or the the SBC the touchscreen. Format: Selection to choose hour or hours clock. Hour: Entry to the clock hours. AM or PM the hour selected. Entry to the clock Second: Entry to the clock seconds. Entry to the Month: Entry to the month. Entry to the Communications The section the to the It to of and used. only to the which selected the Active of please to the Active Remote Selects the of The Direct I/O, or Ethernet. Direct I/O: the Direct I/O inputs. Once selected and the to choose of the three Direct I/O options RTU): the RTU Once lected, the of the editing. and Service 35391SC ID: the when with The to Either the built P12, or through of the USB This allows the to chose which used. the Rate the Stop the of character re-synchronizing. Parity: the type of the Ethernet Once selected, the of the Ethernet editing. ID: the when with IP Address: Entry to the IP Entry to the Entry to the Gateway to the type of to the Touchscreen The the the touchscreen the that the follows his The the to the four corners of the touchscreen and then the the of protection
Section to repeated The choices of protection. allows only of hour hour to the anti-recy- The of the immediately to the anti-recycle once the and the the anti-recycle to the anti-recycle once the shutdown. The of the restarted as as there and the this the top of the On This of the offers the to the This useful to allow to of the without the intervention. selected, initiates the back only the the and the selected, action once the back Timed: selected, initiates the back and the there recommended that the tor each the the and the Remote selected, the off when the Select this option the tor wishes to of the without interference. (Direct I/O) selected, the when the Select this option when I/O and the to of the without interference. and Service 35391SC The of the that allows the to as as to and loads. The that as the and to the as as the algorithms and allows to the the as the while the as while that broadcasted to other the Allows the to the which The this section the algorithm information to ciently and the Con to the type. This selection to the This selection to the type of This selection Other (K-Factor): Optional to
Section typically of suction or Con Screen Suction This the suction input as the and based suction The the option to to where each its of This the input as the and based the The the option to to where each its of and Service 35391SC Con Screen Optional Function Selection The following options features of the that selected. of these tions selection the I/O and Con VFD: the VFD option. Unused. the input. Superheat the superheat algorithms.
Section The this section the of the Once selected the checkboxes become selection and the the of the options this section selection the I/O and Con the option the the option the VFD the VFD option the This section the the Con functions option cled and off option while the Not currently and Service 35391SC Cooling The section the and/or the of the Con Thermosyphon: This the cooling as thermosyphon. H20 Cooler: This the cooling as heat Injection: This the cooling as injection. the injection the injection PID The the of The following selections the Con This the input when used. This the input
Section The that the choose the input used. Once input the I/O from the where the further the operation, Con the selected input. the to to the input. and Service 35391SC Con
Section The that the choose the input used. Once input the I/O from the where the further the operation, Con Screen the selected input. Allows the to assign to the input. and Service 35391SC Con
Section The that the choose the used. Once output the Auxiliary I/O from the where the further the operation, Con the selected Allows the to assign to the and Service 35391SC Con The that the choose the used. Once the Auxiliary I/O from the where the further the operation, Con the selected Allows the to assign to the
Section I/O Con If I/O to this where these the algorithms. of the lected, Con Not the that the Not the that the Not the that the and Service 35391SC Con the optional input/output the optional input/output Not the that the Not the that the the optional input the optional input the optional
and Service 35391SC
Section The the to information of the or Through this the the and to USB That information then back to the the of or to the function the with and the information the this screen allows the to to the factory of the information to the USB information. of the information encrypted and the to The as ASCII text and the with and Service 35391SC Screen Save/Load Refresh: The Refresh to initiate of the USB and found the Devices section where the the and information to USB or from USB back to the Selecting allows the to the to USB using the information further the The ton when this selected.
Section Load: Selecting allows the to from USB to the the formation further the The when this selected. Devices: This displays USB of the USB Once of the selected, then the displayed the If the USB that the showing then the the Refresh the of the Unfortunately, USB with the and as Select This displays the and the USB selected the Devices The information from the to selected to or when Once selected, the shown the Unmount: the Unmount USB lected the Devices connected from the operating and from the USB The back the to the preced- of and This where the to This selected the Select this the choose to or or of the information contained the Items: this the choose to or or of the information the to selections. This initiates the or process. and Service 35391SC
Section Loading from of the software to to This function closely each the and whether the The Migrate function when from USB The should to the following ton existing Migrate and Factory This initiates the function. and Service 35391SC and Factory Factory The Factory offers the the to the back to the facto- or If the that when selected, that the associated with that corrupted. Unfortunately, this function to the to and Factory This initiates the to the back to the factory
Operation and Service 35391SC
Section The to of the the and recommended Based this displayed the to the of and that The where the the sign-off. Once the selected the item to off, the the of the the sign-off and the the and Service 35391SC This of that should the hours indicated Select the from the and to the sign-off. (Hours): This the hours which the the should selected, the to the This the hours the should
Section Notes The allows the to to other that might to the The the the the the the the who the the that the hours which the Chart This chart the chart that with the and Service 35391SC
Section Access The user where to the each security whereby allowing operators, technicians and/or the to of The four of security, Access Screen This the with The function to the and basically allows to and the This technician of access. the to and the of the to with this of access. This of access. that higher of knowledge such as and Service 35391SC Access to tor with this of access. This of cess. The this the of causing to the Therefore, this restricted to those with the highest of The user where or only of or security Apply selected, the and security If the and matches existing then the to the and the to of security
Section Access The where the users and to to that to the this If of selected from this the to the This the username. The the username from the or the username manually touching the and the the This the The Operation and Service 35391SC Access Accounts touching the and the the Accounts This allows the and of authorized users, Access Accounts. This the of authorized users ready to the Selecting from this that to the This the username who to or The
Section Access the username from the win- or the username manually touching the and the the This the The touching the and the the This to the the touching the and the the Security Select security the account or that to or than the States Chart to Service Option Con and Service 35391SC Table Security Access security shown. Pressing this initiate the creation or of the account. Pressing this the account. Security The following and their rity The of the than The security the user to the that to performance of the The secondary cally and those that and knowledge of the to Security Access
and Service 35391SC
Section this to other within the software. These from The the functionality of that as as tion, Features: the of sections to displayed the USB The as the option to other typically the from USB If there PDF type connected USB the and Service 35391SC this section. The to through the of the USB to the The top the USB USB mounted to the OS. Touching of the USB that and or PDF the USB Selecting that and of PDF Unmount: Pressing the the USB from the operating Once the from the the USB Refresh: Pressing this the USB and USB Screen
Section Pressing the back rewrite the with the previous This displays the of the Pressing this the to the the the wishes to played the Previous: the the then what showing. Next: the the then what showing. Pressing the displays that the information of the of software the and Service 35391SC Screen
Section Twin Screw The of operating screw from of The currently operates as screw the and the Twin Screw Con To the screw, to the and VRS from the Once selected, another appear directly below the You should tice that the becomes and Service 35391SC Twin Screw the operation the type of that from the Selects the as Selects the as Changes: selecting the screw option there other that other from the and right and to the screw and to the screw.
Section Twin Screw Once the screw gured, its as the screw and options that screw screw. The the of operation. Twin screw that the capacity to the To counteract the the screw operation that the of the and Service 35391SC
Section Cool The cool to the screw there to the of top of the the tor. The the with and positioning to the amount of to the The cooling through the and process. The Cool the Cool commanded to the that the their The tion injection (SOI) allowing to the The There the tion chamber of the and increase the of the This that forces the and through the suction and Service 35391SC Cool Screen injection the suction chamber of the This and and cooling attained. the increases, the and injected the screw the and the injection allowed to Con To the Cool that the and it selected/enabled from of the Cool to and R717-Cool Comp from the that Once selected Cool option and Cooling sections and Cool selected automatically. It
Section Cool Superheat the previously Cool suction injection to and and Cool injection and injection as high ratio Functions the cool Cool Functions These functions and Service 35391SC Cool Functions Suction Injection Positioning force the to to once the started. the to and this capacity, ratio created the to of the and that the high heat Since of when the which pacity should (and
Section Cool This the that the operation the when of the follow- ratio reaches of or Suction reached. Suction to ratio the Suction (SOI) turned ON and the of the reduced. The SOI ON and OFF based the ratio the SOI ON the ratio which SOI turned ON SOI OFF the ratio which SOI turned OFF SOI the which the to ratio below SOI ON This active The SOI the reaches of 5F (this Generally, the SOI the to the SOI this the SOI based the 5F If to and reaches of 6F, the inhibited from If superheat to and reaches of 8F or then the the below 8F or the reached the SOI and Service 35391SC Positioning the Based the of the the directly to the The positioning then based the Positioning shown Cool Functions the when the the positioning termined based the that the It that as the increases to the positioning closed The Positioning three (lowest sitioning operating and (highest four SP the positioning Linear SP of operating SP of operating SP sitioning On and High On from Screw Once the Cool gured, options screw Cool there
Section Cool that associated with the The Cool High and and Ratios instead). High and Superheat monitored) Suction and Injection and High and SOI forced seconds of and Enabled: then the of to the than It displays Cool Capacity when enough Ratio built (typically than or achieved. SOI operation tio to (typically below then it SOI and the of pacity to the SOI than It displays Cool Capacity If enough Ratio built the (typically than the and normally. It Cool cally the positioning as high as Ratio and Superheat Cooling cool cooling One the suction injection and perheat. the superheat reaches 5F, the turned back to below 4F, the turned off. (referenced as SV4 as the High Press Ratio cooling based the ratio Operation and Service 35391SC the turned the tio back to below the turned off. Switches There switches the high and tion, the both switches. the to and the high switch, the ashing to of sight pears the the enough to the high switch, the disappears. NOTICE If and the to thereby the switch, the the shutdowns immediately and displays If enough to the switch, then this allow the opeator to the and clear the and The switch the If the switch the If the switch and the Stop and the from restarting to the switch. that this ONLY when the switch the
35391SC Emerson and of Emerson or of its liated Emerson Inc. rights Printed the USA.