XL
450XL Section Loaded Heads Protect internal subjected to Suction and Porting suction and porting through the achieves with plates that to exacting and service. and Connecting The of the and connecting assembly allows the necting bushing and while throughout the the to high suction as as high horsepower of as as Allows of reduced wear with the of throw-away recharge with cover, and with the The VMC 450XL While of the features that to Connecting and Crankshaft head Capacity reduction though these retained of the features, including and easy servicing with that easy to access. The 450XL with halocarbon and It with to It to or the to high the to with halocarbon
with these built-in features, the 450XL to This whopping of while RPM. the high isentropic of the 450XL its COP to when to other The 450XL anywhere, necessary, to to the of quickacting, suction and Applications The 450XL to and to suction with At from to R404A. the to or to both and to RPM. The the the broad of that the 450XL covers. and The 450XL consists of three and to Heavy-Duty crankshaft years of duty, while the allows higher Connecting Bearings* of throughout the process. specially to supply to the bushing Bellows The 450XL to from strictly Seal assembly consists of from the atmosphere and the other from the crank- and cooled Casting The casting incorporates suction and Its to exacting from high of to withstand heat and The castings notably from and internal and wearing *Patented
High-Stage With its bore and the 450XL to than while COP high-stage the 450XL shown below. High 450XL Cooling Capacity Suction Saturated Suction C These the following RPM Saturated suction based 60C based 450XL (454XL). cooling and of other 450XL to the of of the 454XL. factor the 450XL cooling and Complete 450XL high-stage 450XL high suction and two-stage from the Broad Applications Allowable Suction P P P Unloading 4516XL with Suction
Time-Honored to shows wherever of each and that the 450XL. to together, together. Thats why that match dimensionally, cally and thermally performance. With assured of the and features that offer. of the that through: shot-peened inspected The of performance Exacting measured light rather than of Capacity Reduction and Connecting Iron Assembly Bearing and Heads wrist to increase capacity. wrist ground and polished to Three and while back to the crankcase. and carrying capacity. connecting back the wrist with The 450XL Two-Year Warranty The 450XL warranted of and workmanship and service, of years from of of month from the twentythree months of warranty 450XL whether or scheduled the that etched or directly Its of warranty protection. where to or the as those too to shipped boxes that the right the Dont of that Cheap become using only and that Authorized Distributor (or 450XL with crankpin and crankshafts statically and reduced Precision crankshaft through the The and crankshafts greater strength. heads protection The suction and porting operated the suction plate to the reduced or allows easy servicing.
cations The of 450XL of from cooling capacity the to the high of the cooling the and 450XL of RPM, and with built-in capacity reduction operation reduced loads. and direct-connected operation through- the of 450XL to count the 450XL to the tightest The 450XL that of amount of Theres to 450XL thats match to cations The tapered, bearings. and strainer that of as as and statically anced heavy crankshaft of shot-peened and heads; with bearing type heat treated with three and operated suction to the and to The and assembled with wrist higher carrying and wearing The with and with the following crankcase thermometer and heater; with switch; high and switches and based the of of reduction; or cooled cooler; suction, and with Stedy-Mounts and shut-off or cooled covers following The the selection and (RPM) and Direct coupling or The cooling Suction (C) or (C) or to Corporation, Wisconsin, or as 4512XL Direct with and
Units Units Units C C C C C C C C C C C C The shown and should These to to crankshaft, from to of and Direct Ammonia Direct Ammonia
of RPM Bore CFM RPM Capacity -12C/+35C, R-717 Suction (inch) (inch) Unit Charge of Unloading Option of Option of (C) Crankcase (C) the right to and cations without OTH003-EN-0512 www.emersonclimate.eu Emerson Headquarters www.emersonclimate.eu The Emerson and service of Emerson Emerson Inc. of Emerson and of Emerson Inc.. other property of their respective owners. Information this to without cation. Emerson Inc. 452XL 454XL 456XL 458XL 4512XL 4516XL