ITR with iCOM Precision Cooling Business-Critical Continuity
MPORTANT AFETY NSTRUCTIONS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS NTRODUCTION GLYCOOL (Chilled Chilled Water TARTUP Procedure PERATION WITH COM C ONTROL IEBERT COM ISPLAY C OMPONENTS AND UNCTIONS Through the iCOM InterfaceThree Accessing and the Accessing iCOMs Graphical Record. iCOM Service and Unit-to-Unit CommunicationsU2U iCOM U2U Ethernet Network iCOM U2U Network Network Information. Units with PERATION Unit Functions PI (Chilled Water Only) LARM ESCRIPTIONS TABLE OF CONTENTS
High Head High Humidity High Humidity and High High and of Flow of Suction Short Optional of Water Flow Detected GC On Unit On. Water C OMPONENT PERATION AND AINTENANCE Testing Blower and Bearings. Distribution Suction Superheat Thermostatic Units Cooled Water/Glycol Cooled Drycooler Functional Procedure
Facility and Water and Steam ROUBLESHOOTING ONTHLY AINTENANCE NSPECTION C HECKLIST EMIANNUAL AINTENANCE NSPECTION C HECKLIST iCOM iCOM iCOM iCOM screenGraphical iCOM screenSimple the and stand-alone or iCOM iCOM Service U2U iCOM as shipped. U2U U2U operation. iCOM input-output board U2U iCOM U2U networked. Start-stop switches Recommended locations Johnson Steam FIGURES
Table and iCOM Table Recommended or perforated Table of and and Suction Water/glycol optional settingstwo-fan through four-fan types. numbers Table Blower troubleshooting. Chilled troubleshooting Table and troubleshooting. Dehumidification troubleshooting troubleshooting Table troubleshooting Table Steam troubleshooting Reheat troubleshooting. TABLES
MPORTANT AFETY NSTRUCTIONS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS This instructions that should the and of the ITR with iCOM. Read this thoroughly attempting to or this should or service this to and operating and instructions the and this Follow operating and instructions. WARNING of shock. Can or death. WARNING of from high-pressure Can or death. WARNING of or from Can or death. and within. proceeding with installation, instructions, that the included and the to the matches The iCOM isolate from the the Unit internal and the Unit of iCOM The factory-supplied optional switch the The of this switch The only to that there NO the to and switch. to schematic. Follow This and high with If with the the and rated of the high shutoff the and the field One or downstream of and isolation isolate from protection. EU CE the CE to the EU Directive EU Notified NOTE with Lee-Temp The cooling factory-installed high switch the high
WARNING of high-speed Can or death. CAUTION of with Can injury. and the upflow without ductwork or the blower the top of the Ductwork connected to the blower(s), or the blower protection from rotating blower wheel(s) upflow The and reheats operation. Allow them to cool within the and wear protective and protection when or and reheats. NOTICE of Can and building This It supply to and service from the Water property and of directly that Emerson recommends and supply
NTRODUCTION The and ITR Precision Cooling These or cooled, the heat rejection selected. One capacity with optional. of reheat SCR reheat, reheat, reheat and cooled optional. Humidification optional. Dehumidification GLYCOOL (Chilled GLYCOOL of the features of or cooling that connected the sufficiently (below cooling the through the cooling (flow This then the cooling and greatly reduces the operation. Cooling cooling proportionally to match (primary), or of mechanical (secondary) Heating of reheat reheat optional Humidification optional Dehumidification Chilled Water These and cooling the Cooling to Heating of reheat reheat optional optional Dehumidification Chilled proportionally to NOTE self-contained with the the ITR or with the Introduction
TARTUP that to the instructions the SL-11962. that the the cooled and that the rotating the tion. with the front the with Complete the and to when completed. or or operation. WARNING of shock. Can or death. Procedure to the Tighten that and such as reheats, and motor).Retighten to the the right of the and the the of the with the instead of Turn and switch. within of Turn On switch and secondary T1. T1 VAC VAC TB1-1 and TB1-8). T1 VAC. necessary. the On Blower If to factory and and other to with iCOM or Stop the the On/Off the front Turn and (or that to On the switch. the On the operation. the and match with that the rotating the NOTICE Potentially within this operation. and and this The iCOM isolate from the the Unit The to that there NO the to and switch. to schematic. of Could performance and Three-phase connected to the terminals the that the rotates the Rotation the performance and phase and rotation to that the three-phase correctly and that the rotating properly.
and and of operation. high front cover and latch. front and latch. completed to: Corporation Warranty Dearborn P.O. Columbus, OH
PERATION WITH COM C ONTROL The iCOM offers the highest and toring of cooling iCOM to cooling that operates as entity, the already-high performance and efficiency of and The iCOM with or The iCOM with that shows text and This of the directly connected to. The iCOM with that shows text and of connected This to cooling or cooling within iCOMs The shows the of the or supply and the and of the iCOM Unit Mount Wall Mount and Network Switch iCOM with iCOM Unit Mount and
IEBERT COM ISPLAY C OMPONENTS AND UNCTIONS The and the as shown iCOM LED (top LED or flashing red; LED or iCOM shown and displays. On/Off ESC Arrow NOTE The of what iCOM and Functions ESC Arrow Right Arrow Arrow
and functions Function ESC On/Off the of the cooling Accesses to the previous Confirms selections and selects or Increase or increases the of selected Arrow) Decrease or reduces the of selected Arrow) and Right through text and sections of the Arrow RedActive, unacknowledged LED RedActive, acknowledged AmberPower to the NOT operating LED to the operating iCOM and Functions
iCOM cooling heat humidification Through the iCOM iCOM displays and text and cooling The of and amount of text shown the The iCOM offers of graphical and The graphical the to the to iCOMs The iCOMs shown (graphical and iCOM screenGraphical or Unit Reading Cooling Free-Cooling Next and UNIT 72.0F F FC MSG UNIT ON MSG POWER ON ESC iCOM and Functions freecooling Reading F optional supply SET Water Heating ACT UNIT ON (MSG), (ALM) or Warning (WRN) with Unit and Heating (or Unit) On/Off
iCOM screenSimple or Unit Reading Cooling and InterfaceThree The iCOM three Service and Advanced. The the features, and information. The and to and The Advanced to the the factory. the buttons the iCOM the Pressing the backlight On the and the of the cooling The the cooling and readings, and and active If the cooling and or the whether or the that cooling informa- tion. that connected to to cooling the or of the of cooling UNIT 72.0F F MSG UNIT ON MSG POWER ON ESC NOTE The iCOMs Advanced factory only or with the factory service NOTE without If the iCOM shows to the The the The Service the iCOM and Functions Reading F 52.0F SET ACT Next (or Unit) On/Off UNIT ON Unit,
Accessing and to or To From the the to the Press to highlight the first the arrow to to the the to Once that highlighted, to that If the If than the iCOM text the top to this: of Press to the first of the and arrow to to the Press ESC to back to higher the the iCOM protected factory-set To the From the the to the Press to highlight the first the arrow to to the the to Once that highlighted, to that Press to highlight the With the highlighted, to highlight the first the the the and arrow to the first of the to the of the with the Right arrow Select the four with the process. four of the the the linehighlight NOTE the ESC or the iCOM to the previous and the SETPOINTS PASSWORD Humidity U101 U102 U103 U104 U105 U106 U107 U108 U109 U110 U111 to then to to iCOM and Functions highlighting the to highlight the first the and arrow to the first to the the with the right arrow. UNIT 72F Relative F 73F factory-set
Accessing To the Service or Advanced the or arrow while the of the to access. The first. To the Service or Advanced the right arrow Accessing While the to Service or Advanced), the and arrow to through the To through the one-by-one, the and then the and arrow With the highlighted, the to that Once of displayed. Press the and the and arrow to through the one-by-one. Pressing the ESC back shows the iCOM Accessing While the to Service or Advanced), the to high- light the first the arrow to through the With the high- lighted, the to that Once of displayed. The and arrow to through the the To item-by-item, the and then the and arrow the right or arrow displays attached to the Pressing the ESC back and the iCOM stand-alone and respectively. NOTE without iCOM and Functions
and displays, stand-alone or Unit the top of the the only. Only) Graphics Network Only) Active Only) Service Info Unit Unit Only) Only) Service (Service Only) Only) Only) Service Info iCOM and Functions Only) Unit Service Unit Advanced Unit Factory Info Only) Access
to the ITRs operation the and From the the to the Press to highlight the first the arrow to to the the to change. Once that highlighted, to that If required, the the the and arrow to to and highlight the to Press to highlight the that the and arrow to the Press to the (The highlighted.) Press ESC to the (The highlighted.) Press ESC to to iCOM C F RH SET and readings of EVENT LOG and ACTIVE ALARMS SET Active and NOTE shows only; text explanatory and appear the iCOM iCOM and Functions Graphic Record and supply Only; Records the of and allows of Network Shows of connected Only; Allows to Used to operating including and shutdown; Service information service SET ALARMS
iCOMs to the iCOM displays The the shows such as and To the From the the to the Press to highlight the first the arrow to to the Once that highlighted, to that Press the to the first that or to another with the and arrow Once the highlighted, the to that options. the and arrow to Press the to the Press the ESC to to iCOMs Highlight the to DISPLAY SETUP Indication Colors Format U401 U402 U403 U404 U405 U406 U407 U408 U409 U410 U411 to next/previous to to then iCOM and Functions SYSTEM ENGLISH (US) C XDP ACT+SET Normal
Graphical Record The Graphical Record charts the from the The to or the The to of the previous graphical and the recording iCOM Service and iCOM Service C F RH SET SERVICE WELLNESS and and GRAPHS RETURN AIR TEMPERATURE RETURN AIR HUMIDITY Unit Shows and NETWORK SET UP Network or NOTE shows only; text explanatory and appear the iCOM iCOM and Functions Shows records, options UNIT 73F Service Service troubleshooting and Service information service SET ALARMS
Unit-to-Unit CommunicationsU2U The ITR with iCOM from the factory wired stand-alone operation. efficiency, ease of and iCOM U2U Ethernet Network The iCOM U2U network isolated from other traffic. The switch(es) that iCOM to to iCOM cation. The U2U connected to the building or IT If tion switch, cooling to as The iCOM to input/output board, and wall-mount each than input/output boards cooling displays directly to input/output boards that displays attached to them. The following Table iCOM Wall Mount Switch Boards Switch Network technician. technical Technical Service Dearborn Columbus, Telephone: 1-800-LIEBSRV iCOM U2U Network cooling each with To cooling each with CAT5 the P64 each cooling iCOM input/output board. switch the directly to the iCOM. Three or with displays To three or cooling each with straight-through CAT5 Ethernet from the P64 each cooling iCOM input/output board to switch NOTE U2U to these ITR, DS and CW. Each with iCOM. NA iCOM and Functions
switch to Ethernet or cooling with displays. Each cooling with straight-through Ethernet from switch. One to P64 the iCOM input/output board and the other straight-through to the with the Con- the which with the cooling the and the P64 the back of the Wall-Mount displays and cooling connected the wall-mount 120V input AC straight-through Ethernet connected the switch and the P64 the back of the This and to cooling connected to the Combining and U2U Network of cooling with and displays switch. The to connected to the switch as To U2U the Network IP U2U and the U2U The Network IP and the U2U the NOTE cooling with displays with the from the factory. iCOM and Functions
U2U Service/Network iCom IP U2U Address:1 Service/Network IP Address: U2U Address: with iCOM iCOM and Functions Service/Network IP U2U Address: Network Switch Service/Network IP Address: U2U Address: with iCOM with iCOM
Notes U2U NetworkRefer to and schematic. A and B with each One as follows: based A preconnected to P65 I/O board and P65 the supply IntelliSlot-based B to exchanged with A P65 the I/O board. option of optional or 485-LBDS used, both (P64A and P66) On with the C to (U2U) C to P64A the I/O board. The the field- the On with the optional C, D, and (U2U) To U2U the from P64A the I/O and to of the C to P64A as shown. The C located the field the 'D' to the other of the as shown. The 'D' the field the This the I/O and the to the U2U the optional T/H supplied, the the the The with the T/H and Match the the of the with the the the the shield to the plate to the iCOM and Functions
iCOM as shipped 'B' assignments T1 Unit 24VAC Ribbon P64A Located Near I/O 'A' Not Used iCOM and I/O T6 iCOM and Functions 'C' Notes T/H Graphics (Rear Coupler Optional Graphics (Rear Remote T/H (Optional) CAN Ethernet CAN Customer
U2U P64A Located Near I/O iCOM I/O 'C' Not Used iCOM and Functions Graphics (Rear U2U Switch Straight-Through To From Other Ethernet Units CAN
U2U operation 'C' P64A Located Near I/O Not Used iCOM I/O Ethernet Coupler iCOM and Functions 'D' Customer U2U Switch Straight-Through Ethernet CAN Optional Graphics (Rear To From Other Networked Units
iCOM input-output board P65 P64 (RJ-45 Jack) iCOM and Functions P63 P61 P67 P66
Network Information U2U IP each choosing U2U and the U2U group. to the the the ITR) and the the iCOM the front of the ITR. U2U iCOM U2U SYSTEM/NETWORK SETUP of PASSWORD IP Gateway MAC U2U U2U U2U Bootloader Static RAM S834 S835 S836 S837 S838 S839 S840 S841 S842 S843 S844 Attention: these SYSTEM/NETWORK SETUP of PASSWORD IP Gateway MAC U2U U2U U2U S812 S813 S814 S815 S816 S817 S818 S819 S820 S821 S822 Bootloader Attention: these iCOM and Functions SYSTEM Velocity GBP OK OK SYSTEM GBP OK
Units with Networked first the the ESC to to the This shows of the the network and To the the or arrow this, the the top of the to the and right arrow through the the To back to the or back from the the ESC Unit or the top of the Graphics Network Active Hours Service Info Only) Unit Unit iCOM and Functions Service Unit Unit Settings/Lead-Lag Service Service Info Unit Advanced Unit Factory Info Access
PERATION The iCOM cooling easy-to-use, (LCD). and and through three Service and Advanced. active the LCD and annunciated. The shipped from the factory with selections the References to items this followed the and the where they found. The located the the High (Service The High located the Service the Unit Functions Unit On the activated. The switched On and from inputs: On/Off input Pressing the On/Off the cooling to of whether the cooling or of Pressing the On/Off of stand-alone cooling that The of the On/Off connected to network the or Unit. pressing the On/Off shows warning to the Unit the On/Off affects the without Each On or to the the Start-stop switches NOTE Customer switches: On/Off used) and On/Off switches cooling both switches On; of these switches the within the and the required. On On NOTE If Remote On/Off used, to the switch. Unit once the booted.
WARNING of shock. Can or death. there of to the cooling and back, the to its operating On the the timetime-selectable: Unit (Service the of the The the each when With U2U the with Unit of of activated when If acknowledged, the This to or Warning) and item of (Service Protection The protected protection (optional) and switch. The switch that the blower(s) and the tection If protection announced relay and to and Service The the seconds shorter than the (to when the operation, the to seconds. There selection both, and Shutdown the DX the heaters and allows cooling and free-cooling only cooling). Low-Pressure the the input selected of based the of the (Service This the to operating normally without The iCOM isolate from the the Unit internal and the Unit of iCOM The to that there NO the to and switch. to schematic. NOTE of activated only that the NOTE the active, the of If of the heaters and restored. NOTE through or through with threshold
DownAir Cooled with Units The operation to the from with which that the properly the The operates the following finished successfully, another half-second with the High the initially activated, the high high the first of operation, the to the without This when the to operating If the correcting the and the affected If high head three rolling hour the affected Once the back On or the HP Counters (Service to High protective operating with with thermistor. Once the reaches the threshold, the least and ciated. If the cooled to operating the operation. The HT Counter (Service records the of high-temperature Once these counters reach four-hour the The once the to by: the counter back to from the and the to the board turning the cooling switch and On. To the of there start-to-next each On and selected the Advanced three phase the factory to the On and NOTE activation the type of these function: GLYCOOL and NOTE If the with high head switches, or the high head switches the turned back On, there from when the high head and when the annunciated.
the of the (with LLSV LPS to or WSK If LPS WSK expired, allow the to then and Once LPS the phrase the WSK and the switch. This that the to the The increases as the increases. At the to the the PI The PI terms to the of tions. that PI If PI selected, to The (P the the and the This cooling (heating) each (below) the It from to The of this to the the and the The (I things: the the and and the amount of this existed. This cooling (heat- each and (below) the It from to The of this to force the to the around the continuously (subtracting) amount of cooling (heat- to the the the as follows: Initially the to Starting with the the action (the approximately the from to the the of and the of the the the to about the obtained the to the following The of and based the characteristics. to further PI performance. as follows: If cooling overshoot occurring the If with the If the too slowly, increase the If the and increase the NOTE If this of than then the to
(Chilled Water Only) The operates from of that the should The to the actions that manually the as might things the to the such the What the What the cooling What the cooling the the cooling and other factors. of to the operating Hence, from this type of approach that mathematical to the of the (such as or PI You to and applications, performance based as as approaches that
LARM ESCRIPTIONS The iCOM and wired from through normally to locations and respectively, through The from to seconds. The as WARNING, URGENT, or DISABLED. as WARNINGS annunciated the the Common If as URGENT, they annunciated the as WARNING and then re-annunciated user from to hours as URGENT annunciated as URGENT the Common activated. displayed the and the activated. If the ITR with iCOM with toring the transmitted. The to PRESS ENTER KEY TO SILENCE the the silenced, the to the The through with when the and only acknowledged Silenced. The The three software of Suction and Short which Silenced or acknowledged. such as and high switches, history retained memory. Periodically, the the The the user that necessary. switch when the the becomes The switch using the the switch optional the or located the the
High Head high head with switch. One SPDT switch the the If head PSIG, the switch the and input to the On self-contained the head switch located the and the to acknowledged the front On the high head acknowledged the that clear the the high head On the the the cooling or the (LLSV) If the high switch NOT within seconds, the to of the high head switch three 12-hour It the third high head and acknowledged the the If while the the high head switch DOES within seconds of the activation of the LLSV, the the The the LLSV and seconds. The this or of three If the fourth the high head switch within seconds, the the the LLSV, the to acknowledge the and the three which the On the third the the the On cooled to the head closed service and Also, that when the the switch the to the the cooled On operating and service or the the or below relay R5 operating cooling to On the High Humidity The increased to the High the DIP switch)? the to from humidity? or to to the cooling properly (the cooling High and Humidity If these displayed the the input Dashes the reading. The humidification and fication. disconnected or High If the increased to the High the than the the capacity too to cooling operating and/or High and If these the the input (or the of to RH). the reading. The initiate cooling. or This activated the high-water switch the assembly. The high- switch normally closed and and, clean switch high; the switch as necessary. of the Steam This activated from the indicating that the to replaced.
of Flow switch to of ITR of or blower and blower tight to to the properly. of If the or the switch the On switch (to the this when to the (optional) immediately of If the to the to that the humidification DIP switch). the to from humidity? or to to the properly. Suction switch the suction the to whether below factory while the cooling operation. below factory the switch the and the switch the activated. The active that would of such as or such as switch, and head closed service the or the or receiver. If the to the to heating operating and reheats). reheats the optional this and or internal The located to the the section. The activated when the tripped. Short On the cooling hour or the the switch the Short This caused enough to Suction or cooling to of the and If increase to reduce On GLYCOOL the to the
Optional of Water Flow with and when the or supply optional flow switch this service closed, Detected the optional Detector. of or fire, and follow procedures. GC On The and the activated cooled and GLYCOOL only). with the burnout, service Unit On The and the activated. Water Water optional Water Detection the or other U201 PASSWORD U202 RTN SNSR High High F F 80F U203 HI TEMP (1-99C) 1-99C 27C F F 65F U204 LO TEMP (1-99C) (1-99C) 18C High High- U205 HI HUM Humidity U206 HI HUM Humidity U207 SENSOR High-Temperature F F 90F U208 HI TEMPA High-Temperature (1-99C) (1-99C) 32C F F 55F U209 LO TEMPA (1-99C) (1-99C) 13C High U210 HI HUM High-Humidity U211 LO HUM Low-Humidity NOTE The specified the the of to Additional and the factory of the
C OMPONENT PERATION AND AINTENANCE Testing Functions The performance of tested actuating each of the This temporarily the Cooling To the cooling function, the of 10F (5C) below cooling should and the should to cool. high On. to the Heating Reheat tested the 10F (5C) heat- should and the heating should to heat. the and the to the Humidification To humidification, the RH the reading. the should On. Steam should immediately as the with The heat and produced. the to the humidity. Dehumidification Dehumidification the RH below humidity. The should On. to the humidity. The should inspected WARNING of shock. Can or death. The iCOM isolate from the the Unit internal and the Unit of iCOM The only to that there NO the to and switch. to schematic. that from the to or and
and The four The individually protected located the board. If of the first shorts, then with only type and of specified The isolation the board to the board. The internally protected. If the internal the replaced. the the the board. Switch The Switch located the and consists of switch and interconnecting to the blower The switch wired directly to the to the the High-Temp The optional high-temp with normally closed switch. This the when the It connected and P39. Detector The optional supply located the of the upflow and the top of It constantly through Water Detection WARNING of fire or Can or death. The optional and tion Detection The tion the or to the and them to terminals and or NEC Class 24V The switch that when the The hermetically sealed thread PVC and to mounted where The should located from the or It should mounted directly the or LT460 Detection and
Recommended locations The This or coverage of areas. the or wires to the and them to terminals and or The LT500Y The offered with of specifically the type of below). to below the recommended location of Table Unit (footprint-in.) and ITR LT460-Z30 LT460-Z20 LT460-Z30 LT460-Z25 Remote Shutdown shutdown This located the top of upflow and the of and the when shutdown Upflow Unit Detection around clearance front back On front Unit Recommended location Upflow Unit Detection and front of clearance clearance front front From Unit, and Unit Detection around Unit Detection and front of clearance front
the neglected item To operation, they should monthly and as required. with and type, each with switch. This of restricted through the activating the Turn and ITR or thick, optional thick The from the front of the On upflow the front of the the to On the the the to the the of the switch. Turn the screw clockwise to the switch this the To the switch as follows: With the the switch to the light with The and to this Then the clockwise, or to the Blower of the blower mounts, bearings, and and should inspected and to they tightly mounted the the and they the housing. the permanently sealed and self-lubricating. They should inspected of wear when the the and the If noticed, should replaced. the of the wear and corrected the to operation. The should monthly of wear and Pressing the and should from to to of that too tight or lowering the base. mounting plate to Turn below mounting plate to If appears cracked or worn, should with matched sized). With should years. NOTICE of Can or the to that the tightened. The should tight. The top locking should with wrench. and
Distribution Therefore within the operating to the following recommended flow. Recommended free or perforated of Table and and Units Units the This type of of Perforated and of approximately to to NOTICE month, the of the should inspected function and of Since, of malfunction to inspections factor the of properly and allowed to ceilings, or the Inspect every months of wear and inspect and from the and as necessary. Each sight that and the of the sight shortage of or restriction the The from to yellow when the Suction Suction with The switch the suction below the High suction reduces the of the to cool and switch and suction Table Suction head Water Cooled Cooled FPM FPM Ton Ton Ton Ton of restriction. Can and overheating. such as clusters of or they to Whenever and should to the or PSIG PSIG and
increased or or efficiency. The high switch the its to below. Cooled C) Water/Glycol Cooled High Superheat Superheat the Thermostatic (TEV). To the of the suction the the TEV clamped. the the suction the location and suction Convert the of the to the this from the suction The superheat. Thermostatic The thermostatic function. It the with enough to It operation. If too to the the superheat high; too supplied, the superheat The and 15F and 8.3C). To the the the of the Turn the counterclockwise to the superheat. Turn the clockwise to increase the PSIG C) 115F (46C) NOTE than of the as the to and
Units OperationSelf-Contained Units The the and the leaving of the through the The with when the enough the of the to the closed. If the the the colder. the too cold, the internal the and allows the to then with the the of the the and the The reduction the cooling of the to match the To the the seconds the cooling and seconds every of operation. what the following should to the the and the to cooling that the the TOP from the wrench the top of the and turn CLOCKWISE higher required. the suction required, the tightly there the to to the suction within the There of approximately to PSIG to the to the the bypass. the to Cooled Restricted through the reduce the operating of the and high head and of cooling. Clean the of that flow. This with or cleaner. or and as necessary. to around the or the and isolation. as necessary. inspect of NOTE These to information, to SL-10059, the www.liebert.com and
Checking Charge Head The periodically. To the that the continuously. The through sight the and with 40F (4.4C) and the sight to 60F to 15.6C) sight should clear with 60F (15.6C) and the top sight to each to shown provided. Lee-Temp heater Water/Glycol Cooled or that consists of and normally or the supply clean. If operates high head with reduced capacity, and other the and to replaced. FAN SPEED CONDENSER *B Inverted to field-supplied and (typical). clearance of to of of and service others LEE-TEMP CONDENSER service others
On water-cooled and the operation, the each with operated The the and thresholds to reduce The assembly consists of the and The operates 24VAC and 2-10VDC The to seconds. At 2VDC the closed; 10VDC the There to the the The and threshold with PSI to reduce If the the and threshold the the If the the threshold the and the below the threshold the There to ease back Both thresholds shifted PSI (the PSI The offset the Service from to PSI to or the to the Units factory PSI offset PSI This PSIA threshold and PSIA threshold The offset to the then to the once the reaches operating Additionally that within the should to than o o C) Drycooler Location The located the The three-way with the the The manually AC the the and the with the You the option to the through the Service to the The the amount of to the heat from the to when high and to flow when The consists of seat, to and screw. ton (Johnson High ton (Johnson The with service wrench or screw to Table recommended To the head the screw clockwise the high the and
To the head the screw counterclockwise the obtained. Johnson Flushing The flushed screwdriver or the of the and This action the seat and from the seat. If this necessary to the and the seat. High PSIG Ton Units The Turn terclockwise to head Turn clockwise to head Rotation as from top of housing. Screw Top screwdrivers the and
Flushing The flushed rotating the head screw clockwise. This screw the OUT (counterclockwise) operation. off the supply using the the turning the screw (or as as it to catch below the four screws through the housing. the assembly screws to internal Clean the seat If the seat or the and seat. reassembled head Testing Function of the approximately to the should If the to flow, the improperly (with head too or the connected properly to the Drycooler Applications with the Optional field to insulated to tion. Table shows where to Optional field-adjusted to Optional Cool Drycooler with and ITR with Water/glycol optional Cooling Flow MBV WRV MBV WRV Drycoolers Optional Optional Optional Optional Optional Factory Factory Factory Table Table settingstwo-fan through four-fan Factory Optional Notes and (GLYCOOL) AQ1 F1 65F (18.3C) 35F (1.7C) AQ2 F2 F3 75F (23.9C) 45F (7.2C) AQ3 F4 70F (21.1C) 40F (4.4C) 8F (4.4C) to NOTE shipped Factory Factory with field-adjusted to Optional Cool and and
NOTICE of Can and to types, and recommended the reduce and the warranty. specified Table NOT (POE) and mineral-based NOT of Emerson or the POE ISO and POE ULTRA 22CC, EAL Arctic 22CC or other Copeland-approved through Emerson office. shipped If warranty, and include Service Credit (LSCA) with the that The should the or Returning that the actually At from the field the or and to More than one-third of warranty to nothing They the as everyone. Functional The following should to whether the properly. to the should The of and to ground should to the or internal or ground developed. If the the allowed to cool sufficiently to allow to and should flow should With service connected to suction and On the If suction below the charge or there flow the If suction and to of the leads and reapply to wired to If to properly and function, the the leads as originally and procedures to of the To the properly, the to published performance using the operating and of the If the measured than from published indicated. exceeding of the the three phases should investigated further. Operation and
Infrequently the insulation burn, burnouts rarely properly those that the of mechanical or the as secondary If that and corrected early, inspections service the factor reducing It and costly to the to than to allow to and troubleshooting operation. and switch operation. If occurred, whether or mechanical Mechanical mechanical indicated The to If that mechanical occurred, the replaced. If the that caused the and clean the It to that burnouts of the usually caused cleaning. indicated If occurred, the and the that there and of the the to the to that clean-out and Application of Cleaning or Service WARNING of from high-pressure Can or death. This and high with or CAUTION of with or Can touching or contacting the and with burns and wear protective and protection when or and reheats. NOTE Release of to the atmosphere to the and or with and NOTICE to caused cleaning the terms of the warranty, and the warranty NOTICE of installation. Could performance and and
Procedure and follow front of this suction and to Front-seat service to isolate the charge from and switch. Disconnect service from If follow clean-out and or service and as the user SL-11962. NOTICE Unloading and and replaced. and shipped separately. to top of and with factory Facility and Water and Facility and throughout the of the and established and established that chemistry and apply treatment. inspection of facility and recommended. It to establish of the of tion of of and every months should to establish of inspection of the and often helpful whether or active occurring. The complexity of caused and their correction it to the of treatment and follow It to that of treatment chemicals serious than to of the testing and of inhibitors. products from further to instructions the SL-11925, the www.liebert.com Three-phase connected to the terminals the that the rotates the Rotation the performance and Record when the the to of Can and location of suction and switch. These and they their location. and
operation, of the This should cleaned to operation. Each supply acteristics, the cleanings locally. monthly (and cleaning necessary) recommended. Removing the To first switch and front Allow and to cool. Unlatch front (or screw from to allow to to WARNING of shock and with Can or death. Cleaning the greatly increase the cleanings the and the and with with and The iCOM from the the Unit internal and the Unit of iCOM The to that there NO the to and switch. to schematic. from the and the than and
switch. front screws cover, then the cover. of the then the with to the screws wires to straight wires once around This the and allow thermal wires the NOTICE of Can life. the with Oily such as life. clean through to Cleaning NOTICE of Can operation. To properly, the that least with of The the with to the of to the amount of flushing through the to match Water amounts and of the amount humidification selected. of the flushing then and further to Operation The of the four with humidification. If the activated hours, the the about seconds. This amount of the and heat to the If the activated within the hours, bypassed. The flow the about The On and the this the (the the closed. The and the On of the the to the to replenish the humidification and the of This amount of from to of At the of this the closed. and as as humidification required. and
the LCD and the front to the Steam Steam to from to and pounds of hour. These efficiently of and to the conductivity of The and to and the when the to replaced. The the section of upflow the section of Steam and
when the humidification, the and allows to the the reaches the flows and the to The the reaches the and the the its conductivity increases and the flow, turn, If the reaches of the operating the and flushes of the of the This reduces with the and lowers the to the and the operates normally. If the conductivity of the the and the reaches the the reached. The to overflow. should off, the the increases and flow increases. The eventually reaches and to operation. then. reached the board which factory seconds. this repeating the to replenish the off and steady the The the conductivity of the of the the becomes too high. this the too the off and of the exposed, the flow the the threshold (factory the of the the the and with This lowers the and the to steady and life. The of conductivity. of the become coated with of which flow. this the the to the to Eventually, the steady reach the and activating the At this of and the should replaced. the coated, the to off. This usually the hours of and should allow enough to these hours, the increase. If the too high, arcing If the to the immediately and the with the The RUN/DRAIN switch located the right of the assembly. This switch should the RUN when the operation, and the DRAIN when required. The the located the right of the assembly. the to the and
the Canister of operation, the become with This coating insulates the and the flow. To capacity, the to fresh Eventually, the becomes coated and the reaches the top. At this the activated and the to this to the To the Turn the lowering the below the Record the the RUN/DRAIN switch the DRAIN to the from the the RUN/DRAIN switch to the RUN the WARNING of shock. Can or death. Turn the the the cover from the CAUTION of with Can injury. the wires to the canister. They to the with of the wires. to the the the back to the the three wires and the wires. the screws that the the outlet hose and the hose from the top The ready to the straight and of the the with the indicated Capacity 136798P1 136798P2 Can 575V with the the of the following: To shock to the proceeding with the The and hose Allow them to within the and wear protective and protection when or the or NOTE the the O and properly seated the the and operation. NOTE the the from the interface to the top the It the of of three The from the interface to the farthest from the terminal/wire. The to this routed through the and
WARNING of shock. Can or death. The iCOM isolate from the the Unit The to that there NO the to and switch. to schematic. properly trained and should of the board. the throughout the from the within the operation the board. This located the right of the There three mounted the board. These to conductivity and capacity. The the which the The clearly This factory which that the when the off to of the capacity the increases the of Lowering the the of The should increased and If necessary, and of three to four operation of the The SEC the of the The clearly seconds. This factory seconds and should without The CAP ADJ factory The (R4) which factory selected based with which with to This to as as 140F (60C), To this the from CR18 the LED). and
ROUBLESHOOTING this section to troubleshooting to function WARNING of shock. Can or death. WARNING of from high-pressure Can or death. Table Blower troubleshooting Symptom or Blower Table Chilled troubleshooting Symptom or Chilled or VAC P22-3 and P22-5 or P22-1 and VAC to P22-5 (closed). The iCOM isolate from the the Unit internal and the Unit of iCOM The only to that there NO the to and switch. to schematic. properly trained and should service these Lethal when troubleshooting with On. and This and high with NOTICE of Can using troubleshooting, when connected and L1, L2 and L3 rated Blown or tripped (CB) or CBs to tripped VAC P24-2 and P24-1. If from VAC P4-4 and E1. If blown or tripped or operates and that tight the VAC to and that tight the from DC board grounded and DC should from to VDC or as below cooling or heating wires and from the With VAC from TR to TR and to to closed, to Troubleshooting
Table and troubleshooting Symptom or switch. to other High switch troubleshooting pulled or CBs, Blown or tripped CB and switch closing cooled three only) then High suction switch, or CBs and with option manually. Allow to cool internal to Tighten and cooling screwdriver and field. This manually switch switch. field to or Clean operating operation. High charge charge. properly. improperly Water properly. improperly flow through Suction service closed the head or defective. phase to rotation and to and cooled. and recharge superheat (6-8C) Defective closed or the head Inspect and Troubleshooting
Table and troubleshooting Symptom or or to or Tighten ratio too high continually protectors or or Defective or improperly Increase or Correct or and/ or or head Inspect and phase to and to or clean; to switch to or switch crimped. switch operation. and cooled and recharge Suction service closed flowing through or or cooled service switch or or restriction to and and Defective necessary. of or High or Defective relay suction High suction or desuperheating. or and ground or Defective found. and location of or ground. Correct Troubleshooting of high and switches. that and operating properly. to the
Dehumidification troubleshooting Symptom or troubleshooting Symptom or or Clean or Clean and around the Worn or or while operating Performance Table troubleshooting Symptom or humidification Functional and blown or Functional CB tripped and or CBs and Worn or with or Suction too high to supply. wires required. to Worn Worn Throttle suction head cover and clean to shorts. Troubleshooting supply. visually. If and or CBs. terminals P35-6 and P35-15. If
Table Steam troubleshooting Symptom or Foaming Shorts or the of the VAC VAC or approximately seconds activated blow when activated. Unit On, pulled Water activates Canister Canister overflows of interface. board. board the board. field of If rated Conductivity too high increase of the the board and necessary. field board. to shutoff Clean or strainer. or and board board. Foaming and supply. Canister interface incorrect isolation assembly operating and or necessary. freely board to that it freely. and supply. If to supply. If connected to to that RUN/DRAIN switch the RUN or CBs and or necessary. securely board and that wires plate the interface connected to L2 of the L2 connected to the to the outlet that the from the interface to the top the This the farthest from the and the high from If operation replaced. the from the interface. If interface replaced. Troubleshooting
Table Steam troubleshooting Symptom or arcing the On high activates and to reach On high activates and to reach Table Reheat troubleshooting Symptom or Reheat Reheat Heater Turn and heater with or If to supply supply, and If connected to supply, to Increase the to roughly of If to from supply. Conductivity of too If to that the closing tightly tightly. heat terminals P34-1 and P34-2. If reheat operates, Reheat NOTE: Reheat sheaths and with inspections to cleanliness of the reheating Should inspection the reheating or (including and cleaning should reheating to that operates freely when activated. Clean and or and arcing and to Turn the to roughly If to the to blown If too slowly, another Troubleshooting
ONTHLY AINTENANCE NSPECTION C HECKLIST by:_________________________________ Restricted switch section Steam of hoses Blower Section free of and freely and clogs Cooled clean mounts tight properly reheat operation Inspect cleanliness NOTES photocopies of this records Cycle/Section (sight suction head thermostatic Distribution Section Restriction free Charge Monthly Inspection
EMIANNUAL AINTENANCE NSPECTION C HECKLIST by:_________________________________ Restricted flow switch section Blower Section of and freely and Inspect Inspect Cooled mounts tight properly Inspect Water/Glycol Water function operation Inspect Notes photocopies of this records Inspection Steam of hoses Inspect clogs Inspect Cycle/Section (sight suction head thermostatic Distribution Section Restriction free Charge Inspect operation Reheat reheat Inspect cleanliness Inspect
Inspection
Ensuring The High Mission-Critical Applications. Emerson Network the business-critical continuity, and through family of technologiesincluding and cooling technologiesthat and business-critical architecture that to criticality, and capacity. from IT and reduced and operating While every to the and of this Corporation responsibility and from of this information or or Corporation rights throughout the Specifications to without of Corporation. to or of their respective owners. SL-11963 _REV0_08-09 Emerson Network EmersonNetworkPower.com The Business-Critical Continuity AC Connectivity DC Business-Critical Continuity Emerson and the Emerson Network and service of Emerson Emerson Computing Switching Integrated Services Precision Cooling Technical Service www.liebert.com North UPS North America: Three-Phase UPS North America: the United States: Locations United States P.O. Columbus, OH (PD) 29/F, The Building F. Road, City Protection