Rosemount 8700M Flowmeter Platform with HART Reference AC
Reference AC Rosemount 8700M Flowmeter Platform this with the and and performance, thoroughly the or this The products this NOT applications. products that or products readings. information Rosemount products, Emerson Rosemount 8700M
Reference AC
Reference AC Section Introduction Introduction The 8700M Platform consists of and The with the the remotely mounted or integrally mounted to the Mount There three Rosemount flow Flow with High with (option D2). Section Introduction
Section Introduction Section The flow located of the located to the and each other, with the The the and field. through the induced the This to the flow velocity. The the the reading. Procedures and instructions this to the of the the operations. to the the of each section operations. Reference AC Introduction
Reference AC Technical North and South America and East United States U.K. The Netherlands New Eastern Service Introduction Worldwide: East and Africa: South Thailand South Africa UAE To the the United States, the Rosemount Within the United States and the North American using the 800-654-RSMT toll-free The hours with information or The and and Authorization (RMA) The the of the to which the exposed. products to death or serious injury. If the exposed to as OSHA, of the (MSDS) each included with the The North American the information and to to Section Introduction
Section Introduction Reference AC Introduction
Reference AC Section and Introduction and and Mounting location reference the This section covers the to physically the Instructions and procedures this section to the of the the operations. to the following this section. NOTICE This section the Rosemount 8700M Platform with HART instructions service, installation, or troubleshooting to the sections this The as this reference www.rosemount.com. Section and
Section to follow these death or serious injury. and servicing instructions only. servicing other than that the operating instructions, the and with the operating If atmospheres areas, classified areas, or assured that the and that when or atmosphere To of or atmospheres, servicing Rosemount 8732EM to non-Rosemount that located atmosphere. of Intrinsic Safety. Follow and to properly earth ground the and The earth ground from the reference ground. Rosemount with options or to To build-up, the with cloth or with NOTICE The to through the the of or the or spiral-wound should as they the of the If wound or the protectors used. If anticipated, to the Short attached to the often protection. Correct operation and life. the to the specified specifications. to these instructions to the and where high the installation, that protection to stray from through the to the to the and to Completely from both and to the protection of the from the Protective (grounding) Reference AC and
Reference AC options and and the Rosemount 8732EM Flowmeter there that should completed to the the options and that apply to the switches mechanical, and of the Rosemount includes both mechanical and procedures. The typical of the 8732EM includes and and Other or of the following or HART switches The 8732EM with switches. These switches the Internal/External Internal/External and Security. The these switches when shipped from the factory as follows: Table Switch High Internal/External Internal/External Security with intrinsically and outputs, the externally. this these switches to the of the switches. If the switch to follow the outlined switch Section and
Section Mechanical NOTICE To switch to switch to options and that apply to the of these options the and procedures. The mounting the 8732EM should enough mounting, easy to of the covers, and easy readability of the Interface (LOI) mount installations mounting 2-inch or NOTICE If the 8732EM mounted from the to that might apply to the mount housing The housing rotated the the four mounting screws the of the housing. the housing than to the clean, the seated the and there the housing and the Reference AC and
Reference AC and Rosemount 8732EM NOTICE FM NPT. If M20 thread required, thread supplied. to the 8732EM, and to the supply, and other to comply with these Both remotely and integrally mounted 8732EM there to Section and
Section Table Rosemount 8732EM Flow input 250VAC, 0.45A, 40VA 42VDC, 1.2A, 15W Internally (Active): to 12VDC, Externally to 28VDC, 1W Internally (Active): to 24VDC, Externally to 30VDC, 250V output 40V 9W Rosemount 8705-M and 8711-M/L Flowtube input 40V 20W 5V, the To life, and Typical include the following: High-vibration with integrally mounted installations sunlight installations arctic Remote mounted the to the from the and to easy or service. Reference AC and
Reference AC and and to Whenever the to the the shipped with covers that from both mechanical and the covers installation. the the ready to and them. The should the recommended both the and of the There should attached to the Additional mechanical PPE Protection should include and shoes). the from height. the holding the housing or box.The to through the the of or the If the each to the Flowmeter when and lowered the If the with each of the housing. through 36-inch with High through 24-inch with and with Rosemount and A. Without B. With Section and
Section Mounting Upstream/downstream Flow To specified the with of straight and downstream from the and Downstream Straight Flow Installations with reduced and downstream straight reduced straight installations, the specifications. Reported rates highly repeatable. The should mounted that the arrow the of flow. Flow Direction Reference AC and
Reference AC location and The should location that operation. with flow the cross-sectional of should restricted to sections that normally FLOW The the properly oriented when the the and oclock or within from the as shown the mounting that the top of the from the as shown the right Mounting CORRECT INCORRECT location installations, C and to FLOW Section and
Section The each The with the and operating each of grounding other (including with protectors or only each NOTICE or spiral-wound should as they the of the If wound or the protectors used. A. Grounding and (Optional) B. Customer-supplied Reference AC FLOW and
Reference AC and Tighten both downstream Tighten downstream and the and then and the downstream to the and downstream when and type Table ASME B16.5 and Table EN the factory the rating of the listed. Tighten the of the the shown to of the the the downstream of the with or the crosswise this and of the If the the the or the measured reaches the of the the of the often leads the to to to the combinations of and the the to the While and hours the Section and
Section to installation, the of the flow to the applied. Table Fluoropolymer Other PTFE Polyurethane ETFE PFA Linatex PFA+ Table Rosemount (ASME) N/A N/A N/A N/A ASME and AWWA Fluoropolymer Other Class (pound-feet) Class (pound-feet) Reference AC Class (pound-feet) Class (pound-feet) and
Reference AC and Table and Specifications (EN N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A PN10 PN PN PN Section and
Section and Specifications (EN N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A PN PN PN PN Reference AC Other and
Reference AC and The each The selected with the and operating each of grounding below. NOTICE or spiral-wound should as they the of the Section and
Section On through 8-inch through Rosemount the to of the the the of the the and the the of the the locations recommended the spacers specifications the the the spacers properly the installations the the to the the spacers match the and rating the Table the washers, and Tighten to the shown Table the or the Specifications specifications through through CS, ASTM A193, B7, threaded mounting Table Rosemount 0A15 JIS 10K-20K 0A20 JIS 10K-20K 0A30 JIS 10K 0B15 JIS 40K AA15 ASME- AA20 ASME AA30 ASME AA40 ASME AA60 ASME AA80 ASME AB15 ASME AB20 ASME AB30 ASME AB40 ASME AB60 ASME AB80 ASME DB40 EN PN10/16 DB60 EN PN10/16 DB80 EN PN10/16 DC80 EN PN25 DD15 EN PN10/16/25/40 DD20 EN PN10/16/25/40 Rosemount rating Reference AC and
Reference AC reference and Table Rosemount Table DD30 EN PN10/16/25/40 DD40 EN PN25/40 DD60 EN PN25/40 DD80 EN PN40 RA80 AS40871-PN16 RC20 AS40871-PN21/35 RC30 AS40871-PN21/35 RC40 AS40871-PN21/35 RC60 AS40871-PN21/35 RC80 AS40871-PN21/35 To spacers) with the threaded the the hours Table Rosemount Specifications Pound-feet through reference only. Earth ground as of the shown the Follow and ground. to which reference option to follow installation. Rosemount rating Section and
Section Reference Grounding Grounding of Conductive Conductive Lined Grounding Non-Conductive Recommended Grounding Grounding reference and protectors reference. Grounding and the ground attached to the the Grounding Straps Conductive or Reference Lined reference options Reference AC Reference and protectors
Reference AC and Grounding with Grounding or Protectors Conductive Grounding with Grounding or Protectors Non-conductive Section and
Section Grounding with Reference Conductive Grounding and Reference AC and
Reference AC the and and This section covers the the and the and supplying to the Follow the and the sections below. reference locations, reference and C Information. information to another to Universal The the and NPT. Thread with M20 should with and Unused should sealed with the The flow rated IP68 to of hours. installations IP68 protection, the and rated IP68. The protection. with intrinsically the and the required. Installation C Information. installations with non-intrinsically or when the the and the and the from other to interference and the should together and should the with should together with Select to feed through to the Section and
Section Connecting to Preparation A. B. C. D. mount mount with shipped assembled and wired the factory interconnecting the or IMS Emerson the existing interconnecting from the assembly. Interconnecting mount as or as Remote from Emerson the shown Table as To as of required. C Reference AC and
Reference AC and Table C to C) C to C) Combination C to C) (includes and (includes and (includes and (includes and (includes and (includes and (includes and (includes and Combination Combination C C Section and Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically
Section or used. installations using the and should to than factory each. the Combination should to than Combination Reference AC and
Reference AC and the insulation to the completely the the of the and as shown the to than inch both the and of unsheathed should insulated. of insulation to the housing or other length, or to shields properly, the to reading. shock terminals (40V). to process. and than F C), rated F C). Section and
Section 8732EM Junction reference the installation locations, reference the C Product the back of the to the To and/or input/output, reference installations with intrinsically reference the location C Product Reference AC and
Reference AC and The The internally or externally switch located the front of the The switch to internal when shipped from the factory. with the LOI to switch Intrinsically shielded twisted HART of required. It recommended to individually shielded The AWG) than and AWG) The 24VDC active allowable ohms. and NOTICE polarity the internally and externally Section and
Section The and from the 30VDC. and WiringExternal the of the supply, as (V Reference AC and
Reference AC the and The 8732EM The AC to 90-250VAC The DC to 12-42VDC. connecting to the 8732EM, to the supply, and other the to and the supply or DC 42A 42VDC supply, approximately other supply with: (Amps) AC Section and
Section 35.7A 250VAC supply, other supply with: (Amps) AWG rated the of the AWG or other F C), rated F C). DC with that there of 12VDC the terminals of the with the the through or and The the 8732EM OVERVOLTAGE CAT II. protection The 8732EM overcurrent protection of the rating and shown Reference AC and
Reference AC screw and Table rating Compatible 250V, Acting 90-250VAC 250V, 12-42VDC Acting terminals AC (90-250VAC, AC to (AC N/L2) and AC to (AC/L1). DC to (DC and to (DC DC to 1.2A. flow shipped with cover screw, the screw should the wired and Follow these to the cover screw: the cover screw completely threaded the housing. the housing cover and the cover tight the housing. wrench, the screw the cover. Turn the screw counterclockwise to the cover. Application of the threads. the cover AGC-1, 31201.5HXP 3AG 3-R, 312003P, Section and
Section Once the and supplied, the through the The through interface (LOI) or HART instructions of the LOI or HART Communication to Section If the required, to Section of memory within the LOI Traditional the and shortest of and distinguishing to the of The to characters Flow (PV) Flow Units, PV Units LOI Traditional The flow the which the displayed. Units should selected to of LOI Traditional The to match the connected to the The specified inches. Table URV PV URV LOI Traditional The (URV) the the This typically to flow. The that appear the as those selected the flow The URV to to There least the URV and LRV. Reference AC and
Reference AC and LRV PV LRV LOI Traditional The (LRV) the the This typically to flow. The that appear the as those selected the The LRV to to There least the URV and LRV. LOI Traditional The the Rosemount factory flow and to each and located the PV PV LOI Traditional allows selection of seconds, to flow It often to smooth fluctuations Section and
Section Table Flow Units (s) tons (s) tons (s) tons tons tons tons Velocity B42 B42 B42 B42 B31 B31 B31 B31 Reference AC Installation and
Reference AC and Section and
Section Reference AC and
Reference AC Section Advanced Introduction switches Advanced Introduction switches switches Additional input reference housing This section of the advanced when the Rosemount 8700M Platform. The Allow to to cover. The electrostatically to The with four switches. These switches the Internal/External Security, and Internal/External Definitions of these switches and their below. To the below. If that would the the high or the switch The switch the HIGH when shipped from the factory. to Table and Table of the Section Advanced
Section Advanced security Internal/external Internal/external switch The security switch the 8732EM allows the user to attempted the to the allowed when the switch the ON The and active With the switch the ON to the operating allowed. security the OFF when shipped from the factory. The 8732EM internally or supply. The internal supply switch the of the shipped from the factory with the switch the INTERNAL The option VDC supply and the switch to the EXTERNAL further information The 8732EM internally or supply. The supply switch the of the shipped from the factory with the switch the EXTERNAL VDC supply when the switch to the EXTERNAL further information the To the switch the below: The switches located the top of the board and their the housing. If these from the to the the to the the cover. If the cover cover screw, this to of the cover. the LOI, the location of each switch Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC Additional Advanced the of the switches with the LOI and the cover. If the cover screw, this to with Cover screw the cover screw. to the and the correct. the to Rosemount 8732EM and Switches There three the 8732EM or as input or as only. The function galvanically isolated that to the through the The typically with or The of the switch the EXTERNAL The switch located the board. Section Advanced
Section Advanced with the internal/external switch option A) the EXTERNAL or with intrinsically option B) the following apply: to VDC to (typical option VDC VDC VDC VDC or to option option FET switch switch Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC Option Option B5 VDC Advanced At with VDC supply, of to allow to Section Advanced
Section Advanced Option B2 VDC At operation with VDC supply, of to allow to from to allow of Option B24 VDC At operation with VDC supply, of to allow to from to allow of Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC Advanced Complete the following to supply. the and connecting the outlined previously. Turn off the and the to the DC to DC to to and Connecting Totalizer/Counter with showing FET and to below the to DC Section Advanced Counter
Section Advanced Connecting to Totalizer/Counter with showing FET and to below Counter Reference AC DC Advanced
Reference AC Advanced the switch to internal, the from the from the to VDC. to and the directly to the counter. only with or counter and with counter. Turn off the DC to DC to Connecting to Counter with showing FET and Section Advanced Counter
Section Advanced The function to to flow, flow, flow or The following apply: to VDC VDC Switch relay the and relay to the To the following the and connecting the outlined previously. Turn off the and the to the -DC to +DC to -DC to +DC to to and to or to below the to Reference AC or DC Advanced
Reference AC input Advanced The input (PZR) or The following apply: to VDC 1.2V To the input the following the and connecting the outlined previously. Turn off the and the to the -DC to +DC to to and Connecting Section Advanced or DC
Section Advanced reference housing Establishing reference the of the of installation. reference the lowest the to reading. to Table to which option to follow installation. factory installations cathodic protection or where there high or high the process. The housing physical protection of the and other from and physical that might The housing and The four housing the M0, M1, M2, or M4 options found the The and only housing option Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC housing Advanced The housing factory sealed and the following with option M0 with option M/L with option R/U Housing Shown) Section Advanced
Section Advanced protection (option M1) The with through the of threaded and (PRV). This housing factory sealed The M1 the only. with option M1 PRV the threaded to of the housing caused The PRV of when the housing Additional connected to the PRV to to location the of this the or other internal of the from to the The PRV with the to the customer. of the PRV and associated with and with M1 Housing and PRV Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC (Option M2 or M4) Advanced The with The housing factory sealed with the of sealed The M2/M4 the only. with option M2/M4 This the housing each and the the of the the The sealed the from the where the and other internal The to the to of M2 sealed, housing with sealed and M4 sealed, housing with sealed and with threaded the of To properly from the to location, and the of associated with and the of the when the screw. with M2 Housing Section Advanced
Section Advanced Higher and insulation with M4 Housing Insulation of the typically recommended. with higher 150F 65C), reliability, and longevity with to insulation. where permeation of the or expected, the of permeation reduced the the and the of the these the the and the housing should insulated Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC Advanced Rosemount Flowmeter Permeation insulation of the to to from burns, the insulation to the housing, covering both of the and The insulation should NOT cover the housing or the the housing and the overheating of the and readings and or of the Section Advanced
Section Advanced Rosemount Safety/Plant Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC Section Operation Introduction interface (LOI) Introduction interface (LOI) interface The 8732EM features of software and These through the Interface (LOI), field AMS or instructions through on-screen instructions. This section covers the basic of the LOI (optional) and instructions to the the buttons. The section covers the of field and to each function. LOI to Section Advanced Functionality The optional LOI the 8732EM. The LOI allows to: flow and Start/stop and and the Other The features of the LOI include and four arrow To the LOI, the DOWN arrow the UP DOWN LEFT and RIGHT arrows to the of the LOI shown and Section
Section Interface and Character The LOI and the following the below to the the arrow to the and to the the UP DOWN or RIGHT arrow to the the LEFT arrow to back without the through the and alphabetical through the of the alphabet A-Z, and the and the the RIGHT arrow to highlight each character to and then the UP or DOWN arrow to the If character that to change, using the RIGHT arrow to around to arrive the character to Press (the LEFT arrow when to the Press the LEFT arrow to back to the tree. Reference AC
Reference AC functionality Press the DOWN arrow to the shown and the arrow to to the to review/change. classified as or Table from such as or Select floating numbers, or character and character the arrow such as PV URV and Table the Press the DOWN arrow to the the arrow from the Press the UP DOWN arrow to the to the reach the (the arrow). the to necessary, and the LOI VALUE STORED SUCCESSFULLY and then the selected Select the Press the DOWN arrow to the the arrow PV URV from the Press RIGHT arrow to the Press UP or DOWN to the 3and displayed, (the arrow). the to necessary, and the LOI VALUE STORED SUCCESSFULLY and then the selected To the the DOWN arrow to the and to the right indicating that the Section
Section To the the DOWN arrow to the and the RIGHT arrow to the This the the screen reading or recording. The to though the To the the RIGHT arrow The instantly to the and Stop To the the DOWN arrow to the and to The flashing the right indicating that the To the the DOWN arrow to the and follow the to Once the RIGHT arrow to the NET to To the GROSS, FORWARD, and REVERSE the to the The 8732EM functionality to The manually or to of To the UP arrow seconds and then following the on-screen instructions. the activated, appear the right of the To the lock, the UP arrow seconds and follow the on-screen instructions. Once deactivated, the appear the right of the Press the DOWN arrow to the Table the arrow LOI from the Press DOWN arrow to highlight and the RIGHT arrow to the Press DOWN arrow to the reach the (the arrow). the to necessary, and the LOI VALUE STORED SUCCESSFULLY and then the selected Reference AC
Reference AC appear the LOI. Table Table and Table of and corrective actions these active, appear the lower-right of the The include the following: flow Continuous Section
Section Interface (LOI) Tree and Advanced Empty Ground/Wiring Coating Flow Cont AO Empty Flow Flow Ground/Wiring Coating Licensing Empty SNR SNR Coating MV D/A Universal Flow Units PV URV PV LRV PV EP EP EP EP Counts High High Tot Tot EC EC EC EC EC EC PV Units Units Units Reference AC Flow Flowing, Empty Meas Coating DI/DO ID Software Condition MV Velocity ActualVelocity Flow Velocity Flow Inductnce AO FB Condition MV Velocity Flow Velocity Flow Inductnce 1AO FB Inductnce Inductnce Velocity ActualVelocity Flow AO FB
Reference AC Interface (LOI) Tree More LOI Processing Info PV USL PV LSL PV DI/DO Flow HART Flow LOI SP PV Lo-Flow Cutoff ID PV S/N Protect Revision PV URV PV LRV PV AO AO Scaling DI/O DO Flow Flow Units Preams Preams Command SP Rate Software Asmbl Section Empty Coating Flow Flow Flow Cont DI/O DI DO N/A Flow Flow XMTR Empty Flow Flow High High Tot Tot Empty Flow Ground/Wiring Curr PV SV TV QV
Section interface interface The 8732EM with HART to the software and to the instructions to to the The 8732E formatting If the active, the displayed as item the The and accordingly. There of interface Communicators. The interface shown The interface shown Traditional Interface The interface located The located and Reference AC
Reference AC Interface The interface located The tree located and Table Traditional Function Traditional (PV) PV of (PV PV (AO) (PV Units Stop Empty Section
Section Table Traditional Function Traditional Grounding/Wiring Coating Flow AO Other Empty EP EP EP Counts Flow High Flow Flow High Flow Reference AC
Reference AC Table Traditional Function Traditional High Advanced EC EC EC EC Clear Condition Velocity Velocity Velocity Deviation Deviation Velocity Velocity Velocity Deviation Deviation Expected Section
Section Table Traditional Function Traditional Deviation Pass/Fail Flow Flowing Empty Velocity Expected Licensing Detection Coating I/O ID Reference AC
Reference AC Table Traditional (continued) Function Traditional EP SNR SNR EC EC Condition Velocity Velocity Velocity Deviation Deviation Velocity Velocity Velocity Deviation Deviation Expected Deviation D/A Scaled D/A Section
Section Table Traditional Function Traditional Universal Flow Units PV Units Units Unit Unit Conversion Unit Flow Rate Unit PV URV PV LRV PV Additional PV USL PV LSL PV PV URV PV LRV PV AO (PV AO D/A Scaled D/A Reference AC
Reference AC Traditional (continued) Function Traditional AO Empty Flow Ground/Wiring High of Flow Flow Scaling DI/DO I/O) DI/DO I/O Not DIO DO Flow High Flow Flow High Section
Section Table Traditional (continued) Function Traditional Flow High Empty Flow Ground/Wiring High of Saturated Flow Units Stop HART Reference AC
Reference AC Table Traditional Function Traditional PV SV TV QV Preams Preams Option PV LOI Flowrate type LOI Processing DSP Flow Cutoff PV Info ID Section
Section Traditional (continued) Function Traditional PV S/N Revision Software Assembly Construction These items without To these features, to this option the HART Table Function Flow Rate Information Assembly ID Universal Revision Revision Software Revision Revision DD Revision Reference AC
Reference AC Function Protect Direction High High Initial Units Flow Processing Flow Units Section Operation
Section Table Function Flow Scaling Units Option Secondary Third Fourth I/O Direction Flow High Flow High Flow High Empty Reference AC
Reference AC Table Function Empty Empty Counts Coating Coating Coating Coating Coating Flow Flowing Empty Processing (DSP) DSP of of Rate Flow/Totalizer Flow Flow Section
Section Table Function Service Refresh Active Flow Rate Empty Coating Ratio Ratio Inductance Continuous Measured Measured Inductance Continuous Deviation Continuous Measured Continuous Continuous Velocity Continuous Velocity Continuous Velocity Deviation Expected Deviation Flow Rate Empty Ratio Reference AC
Reference AC Table (continued) Function Ratio Inductance Flow Flowing Empty Measured Measured Inductance Measured Deviation Velocity Velocity Deviation Conditions Continuous (Continuous High D/A Scaled D/A Section
Section Table Function Reference AC
Reference AC Traditional Tree and PV PV AO PV LRV PV URV Flow Units PV URV PV LRV PV Additional PV USL PV LSL PV Additional LOI Processing Universal Info Flow Units PV Units Units I/O Flow HART LOI Flowrate LOI Processing DSP Flow Cutoff PV Info ID PV S/N Revision Construction Section Operation Units Unit Unit Conversion Unit Flow Rate Unit AO Empty Flow Ground/Wiring High of Flow Flow PV URV PV LRV PV PV AO D/A Scaled D/A AO Scaling I/O DI/DO DO Flow Flow Flow High Flow Flow High Flow Units Stop Flow Ground/Wiring High of Saturated HART Preams Preams Option PV SV TV QV Option PV DSP Revision Software Assembly Construction DI/DO I/O DIO I/O Not
Section Traditional Tree and PV PV AO PV LRV PV URV Flow Units PV URV PV LRV PV Additional LOI Processing Info Flow Units PV Units Units Additional PV USL PV LSL PV I/O Flow HART LOI Flowrate LOI Processing DSP Flow Cutoff PV Info ID PV S/N Revision Construction Reference AC Units Unit Unit Conversion Unit Flow Rate Unit AO Empty Flow Ground/Wiring High of Flow Flow PV URV PV LRV PV PV AO D/A Scaled D/A AO DI/DO I/O DIO Scaling I/O Not I/O DI/DO DO Flow Flow Flow High Flow Flow High Flow Units Empty Flow Ground/Wiring High of Saturated HART Preams Preams Option PV SV TV QV Option PV DSP Revision Software Assembly Construction
Reference AC Tree and Guided/Manual Section
Section Tree and Service Reference AC
Reference AC PV PV of Operation N/A LOI Traditional through the field or AMS software These flow that and the of each its function and and corrective action the (PV) The measured flow of the the function to the of The as of the where the flow of the within the of the the as to If the measured flow the of The the the The to the industry the The and the Feedback internal to the The the of the flow LOI to Traditional The shows the measured This the from the LOI to Traditional fast The PV% shows where the the flow as of the Section Operation
Section PV N/A LOI Traditional The PV displays the of the to the measured flow LOI N/A Traditional The displays the of the Reference AC
Reference AC Section Advanced Functionality Introduction Advanced Functionality Introduction HART LOI Additional This section information The software the Rosemount 8732EM through HART -based Interface (LOI), AMS, or through operating the 8732EM installation, should of the factory to that they the LOI Traditional The outputs functionality to advanced that the auxiliary, and of the LOI Traditional The function to of the features of the LOI PV URV Traditional The (URV) the the This typically to flow. The that appear the as those selected the The URV to to or the based the selected flow There least or the URV and LRV. Section Advanced Functionality
Section Advanced Functionality LOI PV LRV Traditional The (LRV) the the This typically to flow. The that appear the as those selected the The LRV to to or the based the selected flow There least or the URV and LRV. type LOI Traditional The type displays the of the switch the board. There this switch: High LOI Traditional or The the to There Rosemount and Table NAMUR-Compliant and Rosemount High Table NAMUR High Reference AC Advanced Functionality
Reference AC Advanced Functionality AO LOI AO Traditional There that, when active the to The AO selection of these to associated with If of the selected active, the to to the of that to Table LOI Path Empty to when Flow AO detected. Flow Grounding to when the High AO high of of Coating AO Flow AO Flow Flow AO Flow section each of the To these features, to this option the HART Section Advanced Functionality to when AO detected. Empty to when AO grounding or detected. to when the AO of the allowable to when coating reaches AO where impacts the Coating AO to when the the the this functionality) to when the flow the the flow this functionality) to when the the the flow this functionality) to when the of of the
Section Advanced Functionality LOI Traditional this function the of the 8732EM LOI Scaling Traditional commanded to supply specified ft/sec to ft/sec and selected to of the factor. The switch to of The from the of the chosen when selecting the the displayed would The to and The factor found the of second) The with intrinsically option B) selecting output the With the the the Rosemount 8732EM to every through the and the flow the The choice this the the of the the of required, and the of the counter. Reference AC Advanced Functionality
Reference AC Advanced Functionality LOI Traditional The factory The or of the to match the of counters or These typically The from to higher than recommended to the to the to The the If the too than the of the the the below. If to the of the the there Section Advanced Functionality
Section Advanced Functionality To the the to the lowest that with the of the or other peripheral The the such that the to only when there counters, relays, The counter and the the Reference AC Advanced Functionality
Reference AC Advanced Functionality The To the highest of the to the reading. LOI Traditional The the of the It to or fixed. There options that to To to The the amount of that through the There three with and with flow Can to the function. Gross/forward only with only with flow Section Advanced Functionality
Section Advanced Functionality The the based or If reaches this to and then counting. The gross/forward and manually the LOI Units Traditional to the which the displayed. These of the updated to match the flow whenever the written. LOI Traditional The to the and or the and and the LOI On E Traditional the counting from its Stop LOI On E Traditional Stop the count restarted This often cleaning or other operations. LOI On right arrow stopped) Traditional the to The Reference AC Advanced Functionality
Reference AC input/output Advanced Functionality The the memory of the every three seconds. If to the interrupted, the the when reapplied. This option the (option AX) The The input (PZR) and The function to to flow, flow, flow or and of the below. input options only) PZR to the input, the force the to flow. to the input, the the to options Flow The when the Flow The when flow detected. The when detected. Empty The when the Flow The when the flow that the established the Flow The when the flow that the established the The when the that the of the The when the the established the as input (DI) or as (DO). Section Advanced Functionality
Section Advanced Functionality DI/O LOI DI/DO DI/O DI/O Traditional This the It whether input or and that the with the (option AX) to to this functionality. input LOI DI/DO DI/O DI Traditional This displays the when as input. to the input LOI DI/DO DI/O DO Traditional This displays the when as to the as only. LOI DI/DO DO Traditional This displays the to the Reference AC Advanced Functionality
Reference AC Advanced Functionality Flow and LOI Flow DI/DO Flow Traditional Flow Flow Flow Flow There flow the that the activation of HART the measured flow within of This functionality operating batching operations or when This as the with the (option AX) and the If flow the when the below. LOI Flow DI/DO Flow Traditional Flow Flow Flow Flow This the flow HART ON or OFF. ON The HART when the If flow the when the OFF The HART the flow LOI path Flow DI/DO Flow Traditional Flow Flow Flow Flow The the which the flow HART High and each and High The HART when the measured flow the high The HART when the measured flow below the The HART when the measured flow the high and of The HART when the measured flow the high or below the Section Advanced Functionality Flow DI/DO Flow Flow DI/DO Flow Flow DI/DO Flow
Section Advanced Functionality High LOI Flow DI/DO Flow High Traditional Flow Flow Flow Flow the flow that to the high the LOI Flow DI/DO Flow Traditional Flow Flow Flow Flow the that to the the flow Flow LOI Flow DI/DO Flow Traditional Flow Flow the the to the of The both flow and flow this the to the other LOI Traditional the that the activating HART the measured within of This functionality operating batching operations or when This as the with outputs (option AX). If the when the Flow DI/DO Flow High Flow DI/DO Flow Flow DI/DO Flow Reference AC Advanced Functionality
Reference AC Advanced Functionality LOI Traditional This the HART ON or OFF. ON The HART when the OFF The HART the LOI Traditional The the which the HART High and each and High The HART when the the high The HART when the below the The HART when the the high and of The HART when the the high or below the high LOI Tot Traditional the that to the high the high LOI Tot Traditional the that to the the Section Advanced Functionality
Section Advanced Functionality HART LOI Traditional the the to the of LOI Traditional The to turn or off the that this to ON The when as ON. OFF The when as OFF detected. the following turned ON or OFF: Empty Flow Ground/Wiring High of The 8732EM four HART as outputs. The readings including flow, and The HART burst or required. Reference AC Advanced Functionality
Reference AC Advanced Functionality LOI Traditional allows of the that to the secondary, tertiary and The to output and (PV) LOI PV Traditional The flow. This and The to the Secondary (SV) LOI SV Traditional The secondary the of the This HART only and from the HART with HART input or burst with HART to the HART to to this found (TV) LOI TV Traditional The tertiary the third of the This HART and from the HART with HART input or burst with HART to the HART to to this found Table Section Advanced Functionality
Section Advanced Functionality Quaternary (QV) LOI QV Traditional The the fourth of the This HART and from the HART with HART input or burst with HART to the HART to to this found Table Empty TV Velocity Deviation SV Coating QV Deviation to Deviation to LOI Traditional the to The to each the Follow the on-screen instructions to the from to To or the establish with the selected 8732EM the The 8732EM to the factory, allowing with To the to and This the the to and the Reference AC Advanced Functionality
Reference AC Advanced Functionality LOI HART, Traditional The 8732EM includes burst function that to the or approximately three to four second. function applications. The burst function to the that while the burst to the burst as OFF or ON OFF burst off; the ON burst selected burst option the Additional options appear that and apply to the 8732EM. option (burst command) LOI HART, Command Traditional option to the that the Choose of the following PV; Selects the of and Selects the as of and and Selects and the LOI HART, Preams Traditional N/A the of the 8732EM HART tions. Section Advanced Functionality
Section Advanced Functionality LOI LOI HART, Preams Traditional N/A the of the 8732EM to LOI LOI Traditional The LOI functionality to the of the Flow LOI LOI Flow Traditional flow to the that appear the LOI flowrate The flowrate of information. Choose of the following Flowrate and of of and Flowrate and of and Flowrate and LOI LOI Traditional to the that appear the LOI The of information. Choose of the following options: and and Reference AC Advanced Functionality
Reference AC Advanced Functionality LOI LOI Traditional to the shown the LOI. Choose of the following options: English LOI LOI LOI LOI Traditional N/A N/A LOI to off the (AO This the used. LOI LOI Traditional to the LOI to the LOI of Choose of the following OFF Section Advanced Functionality
Section Advanced Functionality Additional flow The following based LOI More Traditional to the of the Choose of the following options: The which nearly applications. If the or increase the to If the selected, the function performance. LOI Traditional fast the to from flow to flow using the following Where: the the and the LOI Flow Traditional flow to or the to flow the of the flow arrow This when the flow, or when the wires or the wires Troubleshooting This the to count the Reference AC Advanced Functionality
Reference AC flow PV Advanced Functionality LOI Processing, Flow Cutoff Traditional allows the to to specified. The to rates below the The flow the as the PV and The flow to both and flows. LOI Processing, PV Traditional allows selection of seconds, to flow It often to smooth LOI Processing Traditional The 8732EM advanced that to caused The this functionality. If the and the the and function should used. It to the to first, the increased. The 8732EM easy and straightforward and incorporates the to with that themselves to selecting higher to isolate the flow from the the 8732EM actually each input based three to the to the Section the of the LOI Processing, Traditional The operating function to or If to and the and flow reading, switch to and activates the factory Section Advanced Functionality
Section Advanced Functionality with flow and of the or processing) individually. Turning off or the to the operating from to LOI Processing, SP Traditional DSP turned or off. selected, the 8732EM of the flow DSP software algorithm that the of the user-specified This updated the of with of and with of The three that of and below. of LOI Processing, SP Traditional The of the amount of that collected and to the Each tenths with the of the of to the This and The LOI Processing, SP Traditional This the of the to from the flow within the while the to they or This and The LOI Processing, SP Traditional The forces the and to the of flow that the boundaries. It thereby to flow to the rather than the of the Reference AC Advanced Functionality
Reference AC Conversion factor Advanced Functionality the of selected then the of the seconds. this the force the 8732EM to clear the of the and the and the once the This the to the of seconds This and seconds. The seconds. when the that included the flow from the to Table of the LOI Flow Units, Units, Units Traditional the from which the this to the option. LOI Flow Units, Units, Factor Traditional The factor to to straight of from of to of the factor the of the from to and there the factor LOI Flow Units, Units, Unit Traditional the from which to the Section Advanced Functionality
Section Functionality flow LOI Flow Units, Units, Unit Traditional to the to which the the abc/min, the The the flow. LOI Flow Units, Units, Rate Unit Traditional Flow that of the to which converting. The as the The appear. characters to the The 8732EM LOI the four character as To flow and acre-foot to the would the to ACFT. the to the factor to the to the flow to AF/D. Reference AC Advanced Functionality
Reference AC Section Advanced Introduction Advanced Introduction Licensing and High Coated Continuous the SMART Rosemount that and of throughout the of the from to and With Rosemount Flowmeter and throughput and through simplified installation, and bleshooting reduced. Product Empty Flow Advanced High (DA1) Grounding and (DA1) Coated Detection (DA1) Commanded Health (DA2) Continuous Health (DA2) (DA2) Section Advanced
Section Advanced Licensing and Licensing the 8732EM Rosemount Rosemount through the Interface (LOI), and AMS Access through the LOI installation, and Rosemount through the LOI to of every Access through AMS The of the increases when AMS used. The user simplified and procedures to to the advanced option DA1, DA2, or both. the that option advanced the field through the of to the option to the advanced This temporary functionality automatically or when to the whichever first. This of three the below the and the advanced To or Rosemount licensing the advanced follow the below. the 8732EM that the software software or Info, Revision LOI Traditional This item without the ID LOI Info, ID Traditional from Rosemount Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC Advanced LOI Advanced Licensing, Traditional Advanced LOI Traditional The of and readings when the empty. This batching where the with regularity. If the empty, this the flow to and Turning on/off LOI Empty Traditional The turned or off as the The shipped turned On The read-only and that to the performance. Empty (EP) LOI Empty Traditional This shows the This read-only This and based and such as type, and If the the specified of then the Section Advanced
Section Advanced Empty (EP) LOI Empty EP Traditional to the threshold that the the activates. The from the factory Empty (EP) counts LOI Empty EP Counts Traditional to counts the of that the where the the the activates. The from the factory The the factory to properly applications. If this activates, the following to the the Record the with reading Record the with reading the to the and readings. increased to the to to the the to the counts to to the the with or the counts to Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC Turning on/off Advanced The 8732EM continuously the of the internal If the measured the operating of to F to C) the and LOI Traditional This item without The turned or off as the application.The turned The read-only It LOI Traditional This shows the of the This read-only The continuously of the ground/wiring the specifically the of and which the AC found throughout the If the of the of these that that there ground or and that stray the The indicating that the ground and of the should The ground/wiring of installations correctly. If the wired or grounded properly, this and This the to or another Section Advanced
Section Advanced Turning ground/wiring on/off High Turning high on/off LOI Traditional This item without The ground/wiring turned or off as the If the advanced (DA1 Option) then the ground/wiring turned If DA1 or licensed, this The ground/wiring read-only It LOI Traditional The shows the of the This read-only This of the If the then the ground/wiring The high there causing or reading that flow of high flow, or Other that this to high of reaction or the If or flow this and If this and without and to the reading. LOI Traditional This item without The high turned or off as the If the advanced (DA1 Option) then the high turned If DA1 or licensed, this Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC High Coated Advanced The high read-only It This that the and the velocity than1 to ratio (SNR) LOI SNR Traditional This shows the of the to ratio the of This read-only This of the to the amount of If the operating and the to ratio below then the high to ratio (SNR) LOI SNR Traditional This shows the of the to ratio the of This read-only This of the to the amount of If the operating and the to ratio below then the high The coated of coating the If coating detected, to flow This the coated and the amount of coating affecting the flow There of coating. when coating to the when coating affecting the flow and the should serviced immediately. Section Advanced
Section Advanced Turning coated on/off Coated LOI Coating Traditional The coated or off as the If the (DA1 option) then the coated turned If DA1 or licensed, this The four read-only and The coating to initially to the coating each coating (EC) LOI Advanced EC Traditional fast The coating reads the of the coated coating (EC) LOI Advanced EC Traditional the the coating which when coating to the flow The this coating (EC) LOI Advanced EC Traditional the the coating which when coating affecting the flow and the should serviced immediately. The this Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC Initiating Advanced coating (EC) LOI Advanced EC Traditional The coating reads the of the coated the Clear LOI Advanced Traditional this to the coating The of the functioning properly. This manually initiated This the of the and health of the If the this highlighted the the of the The testing the when suspected. The the High LOI Advanced Traditional The initiated as the If the advanced (DA2 Option) then the If DA2 or licensed, this The read-only It Section Advanced
Section Advanced LOI Advanced Traditional the of the as or LOI N/A Traditional N/A Shows the measured of the LOI N/A Traditional N/A the measured of the LOI N/A Traditional N/A Shows the measured of the LOI N/A Traditional N/A the measured of the High LOI N/A Traditional N/A the measured of the high Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC SMART Advanced The SMART of the within without the from the process. This of the and as to of The of this the amount from expected and summary the and The SMART to continuously the background operation, or manually initiated as the The SMART and then the to these The the of the Based the induced measured the to the field strength. the of the the when first the the that the There three that the memory that when the LOI Advanced Traditional The of the health. This as to the operating correctly. inductance LOI Advanced Inductnce Traditional The inductance of the field strength. This as to occurred. LOI Advanced Traditional The of the health. This as to the operating correctly. Section Advanced
Section Advanced the SMART The first the SMART establishing the reference that the as the This accomplished the of the LOI Advanced Traditional the when first the the that the The should the when the first connected to the with and with flow the the when there flow the this the If then the should the Once the the this memory to the of interruption to the This both and SMART LOI Advanced Traditional the that the or incorrectly, this function the The the to the to which the tested. The each of the flow LOI Advanced Flow Traditional the the flow The factory this to with and This to manually initiated only. Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC SMART Advanced Flowing LOI Advanced Flowing Traditional the the flowing, The factory this to with and This to manually initiated only. Empty LOI Advanced Empty Traditional the the The factory this to with and This to manually initiated only. Continuous LOI Advanced Traditional the the SMART The factory this to with and If the too tightly, or flowing of the LOI Advanced Traditional The SMART the (DA2) If DA2 or licensed, this This initiate the Section Advanced
Section Advanced SMART initiated three This the that the or SMART manually initiated. flow the SMART with and flow the the SMART this the and the of health. Flowing the SMART with and flow the the SMART this the to the health without the when shutdown the flowing there Empty the SMART with the SMART this the to the health with the the health. The manually initiated SMART to the or such as the or This the that the SMART manually initiated. There three from which to choose. the SMART and the installation. This the the health and health and to the associated with the selected when the initiated. This to manually initiated only. the SMART the only. This the only the to the of the selected when the initiated. This to manually initiated only. the SMART the only. This the the to the of the selected when the SMART initiated, the health, and the health. This to manually initiated only. Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC SMART Advanced LOI Traditional SMART to and the health of the The SMART to the and to Continuous SMART to the and of these individually or These apply to SMART only. LOI Traditional Continuously the this SMART LOI Traditional the this SMART LOI Traditional the this SMART LOI Traditional the this SMART Section Advanced
Section Advanced SMART Table Condition Condition MV Velocity Velocity Velocity Velocity Deviation Flow Deviation (1)To to this the arrow to through the If the SMART manually initiated, the to the health, and health. The of these and recorded the found the and the as them. The completed to that the within the to comply with governmental the to the they as or the the HART each as the LOI, the as the arrow to through the AMS, the with the the to manually the found AMS there that to the the functionality within the EDDL This functionality of the using the within AMS while the Service This of of the information. of the the The displayed the found the below. displays the to health. LOI MV Reference AC Traditional Advanced
Reference AC Table Continuous SMART Continuous Velocity Velocity Velocity ActualVelocity Velocity Deviation Flow Inductnce Deviation Expected Deviation AO FB (1)To to this the arrow to through the SMART Advanced LOI MV The SMART of the and and these to the the to the the health, and the health. the this information when troubleshooting the LOI Traditional The of the health. This to the the to health. This continuously SMART Section Advanced Advanced Advanced Meas, Traditional
Section Advanced LOI Traditional The of the field strength. This to the the to This continuously SMART LOI Traditional The of the health. This to the the to health. This continuously SMART velocity LOI Traditional The velocity of the velocity This to the velocity to This continuously SMART Advanced Inductnce Advanced Meas, Inductnce Advanced Advanced Meas, Advanced Velocity Advanced Meas, Velocity Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC Advanced Flow LOI Traditional The flow of the the velocity and the measured velocity from the This continuously using SMART expected LOI Traditional N/A The expected the the This to the to This continuously using SMART LOI Traditional N/A The the measured the This to the to This continuously SMART Section Advanced MV Flow Advanced Meas, Flow Continuous: Advanced Advanced Meas, Advanced Advanced Meas, Continuous:
Section Advanced the SMART LOI Traditional N/A To to this the arrow to through the The of the the and the measured from the This continuously SMART The SMART the to the to the of the The following below to these annually to comply with This that the to Since this the this instance the SMART flowing the flowing, to to the of the governmental of of their products. This internal and the on-hand. this The batch to the with the and with flow. Since the SMART flow the flow to to comply with the food and of The the to three or They this batches, and the when batch process. the batch the empty. Since there of the SMART while there the the The should to three and it should noted that the health Advanced Advanced Meas, AO FB Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC SMART Advanced SMART there only to and flow The factory to to the the to match the of the three flow, flowing and might the following flow three flowing and four this the four the SMART should to four If the too tightly, or flowing of the Section Advanced
Section Advanced Conditions: Flowing Flow, Empty Conditions: Software PV URV PV LRV PV Velocity: Deviation Velocity: PASS FAIL NOT TESTED Deviation PASS FAIL NOT TESTED PASS FAIL NOT TESTED PASSED FAILED The of the This to functioning within of from the information and Summary of PASS FAIL NOT TESTED Reference AC Advanced
Reference AC Section Processing Introduction Processing Introduction High reading Explanation of that readings. The Rosemount 8732EM the to with that previously themselves to selecting higher to isolate the from the the 8732EM that of rejecting the to the This section the of instructions the flow reading and of the functionality. Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. the following operation this section. death or serious injury. the operating atmosphere of the and with the locations the cover atmospheres when the connecting HART-based atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or Both covers to Section Processing
Section Processing High to follow and servicing death or serious should only. service other than those contained this death or serious The the cover High that leads shock. with leads and This type of higher increasing of include and the This type of high which the of the Common of include injections directly of the and flows with of the The bounce off of the the of this type of flow would flow White This type of high that relatively the Common of white include reactions or that as the through the and high flows where the constantly the head. of this type of The continuously of the high the specifically the of and The the from and and This to the of the If the than the and the the high indicating that the Reference AC Processing
Reference AC flow reading Processing compromised. The the around the the and to establish If the flow reading of the 8732EM first the grounding, and reference associated with the that the following attached to the or ground Grounding protectors, or reference or The of traced to the This from including reactions the and the reactions the free activity the or other of the such applications, of the reveals that typically becomes below the of reduced the the The Rosemount 8732EM the and the noise-reducing LOI Additional Traditional This the of the The which nearly applications. If the or reading, increase the to If the selected, the function performance. LOI Traditional To when there function that should initiated. using to the the and installation. Section Processing
Section Processing (DSP) The should only the following With the and their This the With the this with the With the of flow. These should to flow. the to and the The the about seconds. clock appear the right-hand of the to that the to flow velocity of to10% While the offset the the repeatability affected. LOI Processing Traditional The 8732EM that to outputs caused The this functionality. If the and the the and function should used. It to the to to increase the flow The 8732EM easy and straightforward and incorporates the to with that previously themselves to selecting higher to isolate the flow from the the 8732EM actually each input based three to the to the LOI Processing, Traditional The operating should when the and and activates the factory using with flow and Either of the or processing, individually. Turning off or the to the operating from to This software known as processing, flow based historic flow information and three on/off These below. Reference AC Processing
Reference AC Processing LOI Processing, DSP, Traditional or the DSP ON selected, the Rosemount 8732EM of the inputs. software that the of the user-specified The three that of and below. of LOI Processing, DSP, Traditional The of the amount of that collected and to the Each tenths with the of the of to the This and The of the the of the the of the the seconds of the the seconds LOI Processing, DSP, Traditional This the of the to from the within the while the to they or This and The Section Processing
Section Processing Explanation of LOI Processing, DSP, Traditional The forces the and to the of that the boundaries. It thereby to flow to the rather than the of the If the of selected then the of the seconds. this the forces the 8732EM to clear the of the and the and the flow once the This the to the of seconds This and seconds. The seconds. plotting below to the algorithm. Processing Functionality Flow Rate flow from flow and the of band, the flow] flow Reference AC Processing
Reference AC Processing This that of typical flow. The input flow within the band, therefore as input. this the input directly the and as of the to the This the and therefore memory the input The as the The currently memory rejected as the flow input back within the band. This rejection of rather than allowing them to with the as the typical the input the band. This first memory and to the The the the the to the as the input and the to approach the input To the incrementing to catch to the input, provided. This the The this to the of the the input Section Processing
Section Processing Reference AC Processing
Reference AC Section Introduction information Introduction information Interface (LOI) 8732EM This section covers Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. the following operation this section. to these when throughout this section. to follow these death or serious injury. and servicing instructions should only. servicing other than that the operating instructions. that the operating of the and with the Rosemount 8732EM to non-Rosemount that located atmosphere. products exposed to death or serious If the to as OSHA, of the Sheet (MSDS) each included with the Section
Section Interface (LOI) Interface (LOI) If the the from the the cover the of the housing. If the cover screw, the cover. screw the cover screw. On the the DISPLAY. the from the back of the LOI the the The LOI rotated to the the LOI to the to of rotation. of the LOI and/or Once the the and the LOI oriented the the three mounting screws. the cover with the and to If the cover screw, this to comply with to the and that it functioning correctly and reporting the expected flow If the to Reference AC
Reference AC 8732EM Nameplate Location to the to that the housing of the to the Revision Follow the below to the housing with this the 8732EM. If the 8732EM, then these the location of the If the 8732C, 8742C, 8732ES, or other then these with the If of these required. the 8700M Product Section
Section Housing the the housing and the board the If the board or the board pictured, then the Confirm the 8732EM to the the Reference AC
Reference AC mount The the to the There of the mount and mount The To the the mounting screws and the from the base. the the wires. Warning The mount shown To to the the from the Section
Section Mount mount cover to to the and If the LOI, to to to the and the and the four mounting screws. the off of the To the the mounting screws and the from the base. the the wires. mount To mount the its and the mounting screws. The and through the of the and the of the The and they their location. If the LOI, to to the and Once the the to the using the four mounting Reference AC
Reference AC The shown To to the the from the to the and the cabling connected to the the cover to to the To the from the housing, the mounting screws and the mounting screws the to the base. To the the mounting screws and the from the base. the the wires. Section
Section D/A the the its and the mounting screws. the to the housing the mounting screws. the with the mounting screws cabling and and cover. LOI Traditional to the the the and the with another Proceed with whenever function. LOI D/A Traditional fast The D/A to the from the accuracy, the should the following to the function. the to necessary. the Initiate the D/A function with the LOI or the when prompted to the when prompted to the to necessary. The The D/A repeated to the Alternatively, the to performance. Reference AC
Reference AC Scaled D/A LOI Scaled D/A Traditional or D/A of the than the D/A typically where of Scaled D/A of the using that based the of to readings the If the ohms, and of the this the from to or 2-10VDC. Once the as and of the directly from the LOI Traditional fast the function which the factory the This rarely users. It the Rosemount 8732EM suspected to Rosemount 8714D to Attempting without Rosemount 8714D or The with the to and with the memory. Attempting without Rosemount 8714D or DIGITAL TRIM FAILURE appear. If this the the Rosemount 8732EM to clear the To with the Rosemount 8714D the following the Rosemount 8732EM: Units-ft/s PV PV Section
Section Universal of the to the that the to the to back operation. to the to the incorrect flow and readings. The instructions the PV URV, and PV LRV located Instructions the found the to necessary) and then the following the the to Rosemount 8714D the with the Rosemount 8714D connected and the The about to the 8714D to the The flow reading should and If the reading within the the to the If the reading within this initiate with the LOI or The about seconds to LOI Traditional The function the Rosemount 8732EM to that the Rosemount factory. The function activated as known as If Rosemount required. If or the another the following to Universal the of the the The flow the another the counting the of or to the Complete the function. the completed, the ready Reference AC
Reference AC LOI Traditional N/A The 8732EM includes to the The the factory should to and with the of the If the LOI to each as its The displayed the LOI the of the Section
Section Reference AC
Reference AC Section Troubleshooting Introduction Troubleshooting Introduction information and troubleshooting troubleshooting This section covers and troubleshooting. the usually indicated incorrect readings from the or tests. when the If the the Rosemount to the should to the factory. Emerson offers that the troubleshooting process. Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. the following operation this section. to these when throughout this section. The Rosemount 8732EM the the the and the interconnecting troubleshooting each of the becomes to the and the If there with installation, and below to the installation existing installations, Table the and corrective Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting information and to follow these troubleshotting death or serious and servicing instructions should only. servicing other than that the operating instructions. that the operating of the and with the Rosemount 8732EM to non-Rosemount that located atmosphere. products exposed to death or serious injury. If the to as OSHA, of the (MSDS) each included with the this to of Rosemount that appear to malfunction. applying to the the following Record the and inspect the including the the the and Reference AC Troubleshooting
Reference AC Troubleshooting Apply to the the following active or to the the The the the the The the the of the matches the the the forced and forced of the the the If Rosemount 8714D to the that to the following Record the and inspect the including the flow installations, that the covered or installations, that the flowing the to the covered the arrow the as flow. the grounding the connected to grounding protectors, or the operation of the with ground the grounding to connected. Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting Remote The and wires Rosemount specified used. the The and shielded Rosemount recommends AWG twisted shielded the and AWG twisted shielded the the C Information and/or there and shielding. than inch recommended. The that houses both the and should other wires. This includes wires from other intrinsically the and The should conductivity of The free of and The of The with the ground and protectors. to the Rosemount Technical titled Rosemount Flowmeter Selection If the or cathodic protection, to the Rosemount titled and Grounding of Typical and Applications Reference AC Troubleshooting
Reference AC Corrective action Empty to clears the to location with of to F to C) Flow to PZR Activated to turn PZR off and Troubleshooting the usually indicated incorrect readings from the or tests. the Empty clear when that matches Conductivity than Increase conductivity to greater than or to of Section and Table to to Other to the 8732EM the to the factory Flow to Force to Unshielded to shielded flow while known and Universal that matches Flow while Universal Flow through than Universal Incorrect Universal selected Correct Table or wires and Flow Turn ON Flow to flow correctly, or switch the wires and backwards or the wires and Universal and flow and with Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting Table Corrective action The trying to of than allowed Flow than of Flowrate ft/sec to clear and Table AO Flow than ft/sec velocity, increase and The (8714B/C/D) connected properly Incorrect with to FPS to FPS or and/or the and Incorrect matches connected to other to to to the to with Switch to Table the the the switch (internal/external) externally the LOI the the reference reference earth ground the earth grounding Application with that includes option F0100 increase to from Intrinsically Increase to from exceeding and trying to than the the and correctly the flow, URV and LRV the and correctly the the Reference AC Troubleshooting
Reference AC Advanced Corrective action Grounding/Wiring High Coating Coating Troubleshooting of the shield connected the grounding reference the ground Decrease the flow below Slurry flows Complete the Troubleshooting high Chemical additives of the with the to the Rosemount Selection the to another location the to that coating Styrofoam or other conductivity (below Coating to and with conductivity conductivity Coating built-up and with conductivity conductivity reference injection downstream of the or the to location Complete the Troubleshooting high to increase flowrate Complete the Troubleshooting high factory and wires mount to to to increase flow to to increase flow Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting Table Advanced Corrective action Velocity of the of the Table of or shorted If the the of Table and D/A the Table Unstable flow the with flow and or or the of the or shorted If the the caused heat Table or If the the SMART flow board from selected properly Table Check internal/external switch Internal/external supply to the the flow using 8714D from with 8714D The the 8714D should to The should with the and the If the the the Reference AC Troubleshooting
Reference AC Advanced Corrective action of of Troubleshooting the of the Table If the the coating Table Shorted If the the Unstable the with flow and or within the specifications coated to increases flowrate Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Troubleshooting ground/wiring The following actions unexpected: the the with the top of the Decrease the the to of least counts the with Decrease the increasing the counts to The counts the of readings the to the The count factory Increase conductivity Properly the the and the Corresponding the and connected. the tests. information, Table If high than caused or the earth grounded. ground grounding or grounding Grounding found reference the and properly. Shielding should back than inch shielded and Properly the the and the Corresponding the and connected. Reference AC Troubleshooting
Reference AC Troubleshooting high Troubleshooting The high of If the to ratio than while operating with the following Increase to to and, function electrically connected to the with reference grounding with grounding or with grounding If redirect additions downstream of the conductivity If the to ratio than while operating with the following Turn the Processing (DSP) and follow the Section Processing This the of the flow and while the reading to actuation. Increase to the to PV This to the to Rosemount High-Signal This increasing the of the flow to increase the to the to ratio (SNR) of the High-Signal would SNR of the The Rosemount High-Signal of the which and and the 8712H High-Signal where high of concern, recommended that Rosemount High-Signal used. These to the Rosemount to the 8712H High-Signal This type of higher increasing of include and the This type of switching to the This type of high which the of the Common of include injections directly of the and flows with of the The bounce off of the the of this type of flow would recycle Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting Troubleshooting coated Table Troubleshooting the Coating of to Coating Coating Troubleshooting Table Troubleshooting the The type of switching to the and the processing. White This type of high that relatively the Common of white include reactions or that as the through the and high flows where the constantly the head. of this type of flow would This type of switching to the and the processing. the that coating detected, the following to the of action. coating to the and with the flow conductivity to to of the coating built the and with the flow conductivity to below the of the the that the the following to the of action. Corrective action switch Internal/external D/A the conductivity to the the with to increase the flow velocity to conductivity to the the with to increase the flow velocity to supply to the the Reference AC Troubleshooting
Reference AC Troubleshooting the SMART Troubleshooting the the caused heat or the of the Troubleshooting the and back and or the Health Shorted Health Troubleshooting the that the SMART the following to the of action. the SMART to the that Corrective action Unstable reading the the selected properly the Coated Shorted Flow the with the 8714D the Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting troubleshooting Table Common Symptom Corrective action reach troubleshooting to the Table below that functioning properly. This and corrective actions each to and to the improperly the switch and with 8714D or the Blown the and with rated to to of Flow Cutoff too high Flow Cutoff to or increase flow to the PZR Activated PZR switch terminals and to the PZR Flow Flow function Shorted operation with 8714D or the than to than supply to properly the URV If with or the the and the AO active or the and the If with or the Connected to incompatible Universal and it matches the Reference AC Troubleshooting
Reference AC Table Common Symptom Corrective action of flow Communication with the LOI or Table and Table the the LOI or input Troubleshooting terminals and to counter and PZR activated and to the PZR. to terminals and to counter and the Flow function with 8714D or the incorrectly and as switch (internal/external). The to function. Incorrect Communication interface the the the the instructions of software the office about to the of software that the input the enough counts Section input to the D/A This allows the of the with reference operating of the Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting Common (continued) Symptom Corrective action Reading appear to within rated or other properly Coating Coated Detection to increase the to another location the to the Table upstream/downstream through If shield and wires switched, about of what expected. Flow below when the from to failureshorted failureshorted or with or the Chemical additives of flowsmining/coal/ (other with Styrofoam or other coating Coated Detection to increase the to another location the to conductivity (below the and/or these other Units to the integrity of the to location with and downstream each and and the to the there flow, and the function the the Troubleshooting high downstream of or Decrease flow below Troubleshooting high factory and wires below FPS mount Table Reference AC Troubleshooting
Reference AC Table Common Symptom Corrective action Troubleshooting to conductivity combined with or interference the Technical Flowmeter Selection with grounding ground reference and grounding procedures High or improperly of the that the to matches the output to mechanically mount and Route from other usually Service Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting troubleshooting This section that the to the health of The the of of and LCR shown The below or isolation of the internal of the (Simplified) Reference AC Troubleshooting
Reference AC Troubleshooting The the of the that the internal feed-through from the internal to the The top of the four the four the and the reference. Each associated continuity. The location testing the directly the feed-through Direct the the of caused or The below shows the feed-through as they to the the Feed-through The the to the There of the mount and mount The If through the the and directly the feed-through of the To the to Section Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting The below shows the mount Mount Remote The below shows the mount Remote Mount Reference AC Troubleshooting
Reference AC and Expected or or shorted A. and B. to C. to shield D. to shield E. to Troubleshooting If with identified, to to bleshooting the or off to the of the tests. the operation of each If readings from feed-through the If the the the or through cabling as to the as Readings through cabling that than incorrect or information and should The expected the below the directly the location Measuring Expected Corrective action and and ground or and ground and or and LCR to and and and LCR to and Should and and relative of and from To the of preferred. the of and should Section Troubleshooting and Clean and Clean Confirm with Unstable or Shorted with Empty conductivity reference ground connected properly coating from and reference ground reference
Section Troubleshooting Uninstalled Table Uninstalled and Expected A. to front Shorted B. to and Uninstalled back Coated C. to reference D. to Uninstalled and ground ground E. to shield F. Uninstalled and shield to the head the upright and the arrow the head to the right, the front of the facing the front of the If the front of the both One should reading, while the other should than the reference troubleshooting If from the the and the outlined Table from the feed-through and directly the head the The and the of the If the third reference the The expected the below the directly the location and Uninstalled and Uninstalled reference Uninstalled Measuring Expected Corrective action Shorted Coated Shorted Coated and and Reference AC coating from coating from coating from Clean Shorted Clean Shorted Clean housing Clean Troubleshooting
Reference AC Universal A.1 A.1.1 Universal Universal Rosemount and and Foxboro VTC Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. Please the following this section. The Rosemount 8732EM with other or Classified) areas. should the and to the 8732EM the and performance of the other The 8732EM the to other and to of the functionality This information the installation, process, and health, to installations and to reduce inventory of This section to the to other and the A:
A: Universal A.1.2 Three There three easy when the existing the existing and that with Table A-1 to the Rosemount with the existing the functioning correctly. While the to the existing the the function correctly. the to the existing the this If the existing this Rosemount technical the of the the following the Section and Section as One of the the There to the the to the This functionality this of the when the to the the of the known flow the process. to the there other the the to Rosemount service of with the This the the and of from to the of the existing factors to Rosemount of the this to the of the Rosemount technical information this or to the existing Once these completed, the flow. the measured flow within the expected and that the correctly to the measured flow the reading the matches the reading the Once these items the as Universal LOI The function the Rosemount to that the Rosemount factory. The function activated as known as If the Rosemount required. the flow of the the Reference AC Universal
Reference AC Universal The flow the using another the counting the of or to the Complete the function. the completed, the ready the The this section the the and currently the included and where information of to that provided. If the the existing included, the Table A-1. and Reference Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount and Rosemount and Rosemount 10D1418 Rosemount 10D1419 Rosemount 10D1430 Rosemount 10D1430 Rosemount 10D1465, 10D1475 Rosemount Foxboro Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount VTC Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount A: Universal
A: A.2 Rosemount A.2.1 Rosemount to Rosemount and as shown A-1 A-1. to Rosemount Table A-2. Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount or to the flowtube or to the Reference AC Universal
Reference AC A.2.2 Rosemount to Rosemount A-2. Rosemount and Rosemount Universal and as shown A-2 Rosemount A-3. Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount A: Universal or to the flowtube or to the Rosemount to A-1
A: A.2.3 Connecting of other another to the to the following Turn off the AC to the and to shock or to the that the the and the connected to other the and to the the from the existing the existing Mount the and that the Other wired or Rosemount (Other AC (AC wired 220VAC operation typically wired and that the the recommended of the the shorts or the wear or the shorts, or the to the with reference A: Universal and the and the then apply to the the Universal function. Reference AC or to the flowtube or to the Universal
Reference AC A.3 A.3.1 to Rosemount and as shown A-3 A-3. and Rosemount Table A-4. Rosemount A: Universal to A-1 or to the flowtube or to the Rosemount
A: Universal A.3.2 to Rosemount and as shown A-4 A-4. and Rosemount BROOKS MODEL A-5. Rosemount or to the flowtube or to the Reference AC ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER to A-1 Universal
Reference AC A.4 and A.4.1 and to Rosemount and as shown A-5 A-5. and and Rosemount ENDRESS AND HAUSER SENSORS Table A-6. and Rosemount and A: Universal ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER to A-1 or to the flowtube or to the
A: Universal A.5 and A.5.1 10D1418 to Rosemount and as shown A-6 A-6. and 10D1418 and Rosemount U1 U2 L1 L2 A-7. and 10D1418 Rosemount and 10D1418 L1 L2 Chassis or to the flowtube or to the Reference AC ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER to A-1 Universal
Reference AC A.5.2 10D1419 to Rosemount Universal and as shown A-7 A-7. and 10D1419 and Rosemount L1 L2 to A-1 Table A-8. and 10D1419 Rosemount and 10D1419 A: L1 L2 or to the flowtube or to the ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER
A: A.5.3 10D1430 to Rosemount and as shown A-8 A-8. and 10D1430 and Rosemount L1 Table A-9. and 10D1430 Rosemount L1 ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER to A-1 and 10D1430 or to the flowtube or to the Reference AC Universal
Reference AC A.5.4 10D1430 to Rosemount and as shown A-9 A-9. and 10D1430 and Rosemount ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER To L2 L2 L1 U2 U1 TB1 To (Disconnect) A-10. and 10D1430 Rosemount and 10D1430 L1 L2 A: Universal L2 L1 U2 U1 TB2 to A-1 or to the flowtube or to the
A: Universal A.5.5 10D1465 and 10D1475 to and as shown A-10 A-10. and 10D1465 and 10D1475 and Rosemount 2A CT M2 M1 MR A-11. and 10D1465 and 10D1475 Rosemount M1 MR ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER to A-1 and 10D1465 and 10D1475 or to the flowtube or to the Reference AC Universal
Reference AC A.5.6 and to Rosemount and as shown A-11 A-11. and and Rosemount FISCHER AND PORTER SENSORS Chassis M2 M1 A-12. and Rosemount and A: Universal ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER to A-1 M1 M2 Chassis or to the flowtube or to the
A: Universal A.6 Foxboro A.6.1 to Rosemount and as shown A-12 A-12. Foxboro and Rosemount FOXBORO SERIES SENSOR White Lead Black Lead Black A-13. Foxboro Rosemount Foxboro White L1 L2 Chassis Black White or to the flowtube or to the Reference AC ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER to A-1 Universal
Reference AC A.6.2 to Rosemount Universal and as shown A-13 A-13. Foxboro and Rosemount FOXBORO SERIES SENSOR ROSEMOUNT (VERSION TRANSMITTER A-14. Foxboro Rosemount Foxboro Black White A: Universal White L1 GND L2 L1 L2 Chassis Ground or to the flowtube or to the Black to A-1
A: A.6.3 to and as shown A-14 A-14. Foxboro and Rosemount FOXBORO SERIES SENSOR White Lead White Black Lead Black Table A-15. Foxboro Rosemount Foxboro White Black L2 L1 L1 L2 Chassis Black White or to the flowtube or to the Reference AC ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER to A-1 Universal
Reference AC A.6.4 Foxboro to Universal and as shown A-15 A-15. Foxboro and Rosemount ROSEMOUNT FOXBORO SENSOR TRANSMITTER Table A-16. Foxboro Rosemount Foxboro Black White A: White Black Ground L2 L1 to A-1 L1 L2 Chassis or to the flowtube or to the
A: Universal A.7 VTC A.7.1 VTC to and as shown A-16 A-16. VTC and Rosemount KENT VERIFLUX VTC SENSOR SIG SIG A-17. VTC Rosemount VTC 1SCR OUT SCR OUT to A-1 SCR OUT SCR OUT SIG1 SIG2 or to the flowtube or to the Reference AC ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER
Reference AC A.8 A.8.1 to Rosemount and as shown A-17 A-17. and Rosemount KENT SENSORS A-18. Rosemount SCR OUT SIG1 SIG2 A: Universal SIG2 SIG1 SCR OUT SCR OUT to A-1 SCR OUT or to the flowtube or to the ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER
A: A.9 A.9.1 to Rosemount and as shown A-18 A-18. and Rosemount KROHNE SENSORS Table A-19. Rosemount to A-1 or to the flowtube or to the Reference AC ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER Universal
Reference AC A.10 A.10.1 to Rosemount Universal and as shown A-19 A-19. and Rosemount TAYLOR SERIES SENSOR Table A-20. Rosemount S1 and S2 E1 E2 A: C White Black Black White or to the flowtube or to the ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER to A-1
A: Universal A.10.2 to Rosemount and as shown A-20 A-20. and Rosemount TAYLOR SENSORS Table A-21. Rosemount E2 E1 S1 and S2 White Black to A-1 Black White S1 and S2 E1 E2 or to the flowtube or to the Reference AC ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER
Reference AC A.11 A.11.1 to Rosemount Universal and as shown A-21 A-21. and Rosemount YAMATAKE HONEYWELL SENSORS Chassis A-22. Rosemount C A: C to A-1 Chassis Ground or to the flowtube or to the ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER
A: A.12 A.12.1 to Rosemount and as shown A-22 A-22. and Rosemount YOKOGAWA SENSORS Chassis Ground Table A-23. Rosemount EX1 EX2 Chassis Ground C C to A-1 or to the flowtube or to the Reference AC ROSEMOUNT TRANSMITTER Universal
Reference AC A.13 A.13.1 to Rosemount A.13.2 the terminals A.13.3 First the to the the following and terminals Select and to Touch the to each of the other terminals and the each the and the every terminals of approximately ohms. chassis ground Touch of to the chassis. Touch the other to the each and the the each The chassis ground of or the terminals to Rosemount terminals and The shield should connected to the terminals to Rosemount terminals and If the Rosemount flow switch the connected to terminals and A: Universal or to the flowtube or to the
A: Reference AC Universal
Reference AC Product Specifications B.1 Rosemount 8732EM specifications B.1.1 Functional Product Specifications Rosemount 8732EM specifications Rosemount 8705-M Rosemount 8711-M/L specifications Rosemount Compatible with Rosemount and Compatible with AC and DC of other Flow of from that and to both and flow continuously and to Conductivity conductivity of or supply 250VAC, or 42VDC B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications B-1. AC 90-250VAC 1A, 250V, Acting AGC-1, 31201.5HXP 12-42VDC 250V, Acting 3AG 3-R, 312003P, 15W DC 40VA AC Switch-on AC: 35.7A 250VAC DC: 42A 42VDC AC supply Units 250VAC the following Reference AC Product Specifications
Reference AC B-2. B-3. DC Product Specifications DC supply Units 12VDC supply to 1.2A of steady to F to C) without interface to F to C) with The Interface (LOI) below -20C B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications to F to C) without interface to F to C) with interface RH to F C) rating 4X, IEC IP66 protection rating protection that conforms to: IEC burst IEC IEC Class to and to protection. Turn-on to rated from seconds from from cut-off and and selected to the of or The these of displayed LOI and the Communicator. and seconds Reference AC Product Specifications
Reference AC B.1.2 Advanced B.1.3 with intrinsically (option B), externally. Product Specifications flow (DA1) Ground/wiring High coating (DA2) SMART or switch-selectable as internally or externally Internally 24VDC Externally 30VDC the of the supply the B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications with intrinsically (option B), externally. with intrinsically (option B), to with intrinsically (option B), externally. with intrinsically (option B), externally. B-4. (V The to and continuously and to HART flow The the and the interface. of HART Scalable switch-selectable as internally or externally to selected from to Internally to 12VDC Externally 28VDC testing commanded to supply specified and commanded to supply specified and Optional function (AX option) Externally 28VDC, switch to flow Activates switch when flow detected. Reference AC Product Specifications
Reference AC Product Specifications Activates switch when flow to or below cutoff. Empty Activates switch output when detected. Activates switch when detected. Flow Flow Activates switch when the flow that the established this There that as Activates switch when the flow that the established this Activates switch when the that the of this Optional input function (AX option) Externally 28VDC, to switch to the to (PZR) Forces of the to flow. Security Security switch the to LOI and HART-based functions to from or LOI The manually to The activated through HART or holding the UP arrow seconds and then following the on-screen instructions. the activated, appear the right hand of the To the the UP arrow seconds and follow the on-screen instructions. B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications B.1.4 B.1.5 Performance from the LOI with the following OFF, or Rosemount flow the factory and assigned The the of without or 8732EM and other known or the Rosemount NIST-Traceable Flow Facility. to match known flow This found the operations the and with the reference Includes the combined of linearity, and repeatability. Reference AC Product Specifications
Reference AC greater than the high of from to ft/sec to Product Specifications Rosemount 8705-M of mm/sec from to to the of of Optional high of mm/sec from to to the of of of Rate Rosemount 8711-M/L of mm/sec from to to Optional high of mm/sec from to to the of of of Rate of Rate Rosemount of from to to and and the of Optional high of from to to of Rate of Rate Velocity Velocity Velocity Velocity Velocity Velocity B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications B.1.6 B.1.7 Physical specifications Other the Rosemount Flow Facility, as as of attained. There other the the as Repeatability of reading to input of months operating of housing 4X and IEC IP66 Polyurethane to thick) Optional housing 316/316L unpainted, option SH 4X and IEC IP66 Reference AC Product Specifications
Reference AC B.1.8 F0875 Software Option Product Specifications NPT or M20. screws: to AWG wire. grounding screws: assembly, M5; internal rating 3G IEC Product approximately option M4 or M5. with DC supply and intrinsically (B) only. This software option lowers the from to to where or the The performance. of the reduced to 2W. of the of 1W of high and 24VDC supply. of the output the or information off of the HART Both the and the to applied. Flow performance reference of To the with Option D3 established. This appear the and 8732EMT2B1N5M4DA1DA2D3F0875 8705THA020C7M0N5B3D3 B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications B.2 Rosemount 8705-M specifications B.2.1 Functional specifications Service Conductive and to to Rosemount Interchangeability Rosemount 8705-M interchangeable with 8732EM of or optional features. Each that through the Interface (LOI) or the Communicator. PTFE to F to C) ETFE to F to C) PFA to F to C) Reference AC Product Specifications
Reference AC Product Specifications Polyurethane to F to C) to F to C) Linatex to F to C) to F to C) to F to C) Table B-1 Table B-2 and Table B-3 PTFE to F C) through factory with of inches or other to Submergence protection (IP68) The mount 8705-M rated IP68 to of of hours. IP68 rating the mount. IP68 and/or IP68 reference Rosemount Technical www.rosemount.com. Conductivity conductivity of or B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications Table B-1. ASME B16.5 to to F rating to C) Class Class Class Class Class Class Class Class Class Class Class Class Class Class considered. and AWWA C207 Class rated to atmospheric Option C6. Option C7. Option S6. Option S7. B-2. AS2129 Table and to to C rating to F) considered. Table B-3. EN to to C rating to F) considered. PN PN PN PN PN PN PN PN Reference AC F C) F C) C F) C F) C F) 150C F) Product Specifications F C) C F) 175C F)
Reference AC B.2.2 Physical PTFE and ETFE, to Class and higher selection to Product Specifications Non-wetted 304/304L SST or 316/316L SST 304/304L SST, or 316/316L SST housing Polyurethane to thick) Optional housing 316/316L unpainted, option SH PTFE, ETFE, PFA, Polyurethane, Linatex, PFA+ 316L SST, (UNS N10276), Flat-faced Flat-faced with and Linatex only. ASME B16.5 to (Class to (Class to (Class to (Class B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications ASME B16.47 to (Class to (Class AWWA C207 Class and MSS SP44 to (Class EN to to PN10 to to PN16 to to PN to to PN40 AS2129 to to Table and AS4087 to to PN16, PN21, PN35 JIS B2220 to to 10K, 20K, 40K inch NPT or M20. screws: to AWG grounding screws: assembly, M5; internal reference (optional) reference to the through the It of the as the Reference AC Product Specifications
Reference AC Product Specifications Grounding (optional) Grounding the and the both of the ground of the They I.D. slightly than the I.D. and to ground Grounding 316L SST, (UNS N10276), and Product protectors (optional) protectors the and the both of the The leading of protected the protector; protectors once they installed. protectors 316L SST, (UNS N10276), and Product the Product the Product B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications B.3 Rosemount 8711-M/L specifications B.3.1 Functional specifications Service Conductive and to to Interchangeability Rosemount 8711-M/L interchangeable with 8732EM of or optional features. Each that through the Interface (LOI) or the ETFE to F to C) PTFE to F to C) PFA to F to C) Reference AC Product Specifications
Reference AC B.3.2 Physical Product Specifications to F to C) F C) ETFE to PTFE through factory with of or PFA to Submergence protection (IP68) The mount 8711-M/L rated IP68 to of of hours. IP68 rating the mount. IP68 and/or IP68 reference Rosemount Technical www.rosemount.com. Conductivity conductivity of or Non-wetted SST CF3M or CF8M 304/304L housing Polyurethane to thick) B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications Process-wetted ETFE, PTFE 316L SST, (UNS N10276), Mounts these ASME B16.5: Class EN PN10, PN16, PN25, PN40 JIS B2220: 10K, 20K, AS4087: PN16, PN21, PN35 and washers ASME B16.5 thread: CS, ASTM A193, B7 ASTM A194 2H; washers: CS, A, N, SAE ANSI B18.2.1 items clear, chromate EN thread: CS, ASTM A193, B7 ASTM A194 2H; DIN washers: CS, DIN items yellow Reference AC Product Specifications
Reference AC Product Specifications MK3316 SST ASME B16.5 thread: ASTM A193, B8M Class ASTM A194 8M; washers: SST, A, N, SAE ANSI B18.2.1 EN thread: ASTM A193, B8M Class ASTM A194 8M; DIN washers: SST, DIN inch NPT or M20 screws: to AWG wire. grounding screws: assembly, M5; internal reference (optional) reference to the through the It of the as the Grounding (optional) Grounding the and the both of the They I.D. slightly than the I.D. and to ground Grounding 316L SST, (UNS N10276), and Product the Product the Product B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications B.4 Rosemount specifications B.4.1 Functional specifications Service Conductive and to to100 Interchangeability The Rosemount interchangeable with Rosemount 8732EM of or optional features. that the through the Interface (LOI) or the Conductivity conductivity of or the of interconnecting mount installations. Flow of from that and to both and flow continuously and to Reference AC Product Specifications
Reference AC B.4.2 Physical Product Specifications to F to C) PFA to F to C) B-4. factory. protection (IP68) The mount rated IP68 to of of hours. IP68 rating the mount. IP68 and/or IP68 reference Rosemount Technical www.rosemount.com. Mounting Integrally mounted factory-wired and interconnecting The Remote mounted to the Non-wetted (wrapper), Optional: CE B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications Table B-5. weight only Polyurethane to SST Approximately Unpainted PFA with 316L SST with (UNS N10276) with with The Rosemount IDF as the interface of The Rosemount the threaded or of the IDF the of the The directly connected with IDF and If other the IDF and and directly the or with to PED Coupling IDF Coupling (screw type) (each) Reference AC Product Specifications
Reference AC Product Specifications IDF BS4825 ANSI DIN DIN and DIN DIN SMS Cherry-Burrell 316L with Optional electropolished with EPDM inch NPT screws: M3 grounding screws: assembly, M5; internal the Product B: Product Specifications
B: Product Specifications Reference AC Product Specifications
Reference AC C Information C.1 Product Information Rosemount 8700M Flowmeter Platform C: Information 08732-AP01, AD
C: Information and or of or Ordinary Location with CE, C-tick, FM, CSA and EAC with CE Union Union Directives. ND, N1, K1 ATEX Union with Australian C-tick NF, N7, K7 Compliance with the FM United States ANSI N5, K5, Conformity (EAC) Customs Union and EAC Location Protection Customs Union and with and Protective Atmospheres (ATEX) (94/9/EC) with of the technical of N8, K8 the EAC Customs Union with Technical (TR CU The of Reference AC 08732-AP01, AD ND, N1, K1 N8, K8 Information
Reference AC 08732-AP01, AD Directive Information of the EC Declaration of Conformity found the of the The of the EC Declaration of Conformity found www.rosemount.com (EMC) (2004/108/EC) and Flowtube: EN with B shielded the with shield terminated the Directive (LVD) (2006/95/EC) EN Protection and EN and EN IP66/68 (The IP68 rating only to the flowtube and the when the mounted. The IP68 rating apply to the The IP68 rating of hours) Directive (PED) (97/23/EC) PED the PD option CE that without the PD option Not to (97/23/EC) Mandatory with flowtubes located the conformity II III conformity QS of EC 4741-2014-CE-HOU-DNV Conformity Flowtubes to to EN and ASME B16.5 and ASME B16.5 Class ASME B16.5 Class Flowtubes to to other Rosemount Flowtubes of and Sound (SEP). Flowtubes that SEP the of PED and with PED. Information C: Information
C: Information 08732-AP01, AD Factory (FM) Ordinary Location FM the and flowtube and tested to that the basic mechanical, and fire protection FM nationally testing laboratory (NRTL) as accredited the and Health Administration (OSHA). 8732EM Intrinsically (IS) and the 8732EM, B selected. N5 Non-Incendive Class I, ABCD: T4 Dust-Ignition Class II/III, EFG: T5 4X, IP66 K5 Explosion-Proof Class CD: T6 Non-Incendive Class I, ABCD: T4 Dust-Ignition Class II/III, EFG: T5 4X, IP66 Conditions (X): Units with Warning: Charging thicker than or to to charge the The intrinsically and withstand the 500V isolation to protection. This installation. to the rating of IP66. the Rosemount-supplied or with the protection type. Conditions (X): Units with Warning: Charging thicker than or Precautions to to charge the The intrinsically and output withstand the 500V isolation to protection. This installation. to the rating of IP66. Unused the Rosemount-supplied or with the protection type. Reference AC Information
Reference AC 08732-AP01, AD 8705-M and 8711-M/L Flowtube (classified) locations: The 8705-M and 8711-M/L only with 8732EM N5 Non-Incendive with Intrinsically Class I, ABCD: T3T5 Dust-Ignition Proof Class II/III, EFG: T2T5 -60C 4X, IP66/68 (IP68 mount only) K5 Explosion-Proof with Intrinsically Class CD: T3T6 Non-Incendive with Intrinsically Class I, ABCD: T3T5 Dust-Ignition Class II/III, EFG: T2T5 4X, IP66/68 (IP68 mount only) Information Conditions (X): Units with Warning: Charging thicker than or Precautions to to charge the If with the as intrinsically to rating of IP66. Unused the Rosemount-supplied or with the protection type. Conditions (X): Units with Warning: Charging thicker than or Precautions to to the If with or Class the as intrinsically to rating of IP66. Unused the Rosemount-supplied or with the protection type. C: Information
C: Information section VI the the following Examination (ATEX): DEKRA 14ATEX0071_X of Conformity (IEC IEC DEK 14.0031X Installation 8732EM, 8705M, 8711-M/L ATEX/IEC Locations 8732EM Referenced Reference 08732-AP01, The and Referenced the following items: Instructions service Assembling and and Where necessary, instructions which allow to as to whether the the the expected operating and other Rosemount 8700M Platform IEC EX ATEX 08732-AP02, AA Rosemount 8732EM Flow input 250VAC, 0.45A, 40VA Internally (Active): to 12VDC, Externally to 28VDC, 1W Internally (Active): to 24VDC, Externally to 30VDC, 250V 40V 9W Rosemount 8705-M and 8711-M/L Flowtube 40V input 20W 5V, the 42VDC, 1.2A, 15W Reference AC Information
Reference AC Information Rosemount 8700M Flowmeter Platform IEC EX ATEX 08732-AP02, AA Conditions (X): EPL and rated grounding and and allowed. applied, instructions charging to The intrinsically and withstand the 500V isolation and ground, to protection to of 250VAC. This account installation. to the rating of IP66. to the protection the M3 and M4 housing, the crush washer that the when the The crush washer only. The and allowed to thermally insulated. The property of the which the Flow or Remote Junction to the A2-70 or A4-70 SST. information the of the flameproof the contacted. The Flow the grounded EPL to the the flow of Where necessary, the characteristics of which to the of the including the with which the to comply: ATEX EN +A11, EN EN EN EN EN EN IEC EX IEC IEC IEC IEC IEC IEC IEC AWG rated the of the AWG or other 122F C), rated F C). Rosemount Inc. MN United States of America C: Information
C: Information Rosemount 8700M Platform IEC EX ATEX 08732-AP02, AA Nomenclature Flow 8732EM and 8732EM K1 M4 RT50 SH V1 F090 II III IV VI VII VIII IX Designation Explanation Explanation 8732EM Flow Mount Remote Mount II Mount Mount AC VAC, III DC VDC) IV or NPT or CM20, M20 VI Option M4 LOI VII Option M5 Remote VIII Option IX with HART Intrinsically with HART Intrinsically II IIC T6T3 II tb IIIC CT C K1 ATEX II IIC T6T3 II tb IIIC CT C IIC T6T3 tb IIIC CT C IIC T6T3 tb IIIC CT C K7 II IIC T4T3 N1 ATEX II tb IIIC CT C N7 IIC T4T3 tb IIIC CT C II tb IIIC CT C ND ATEX II tb IIIC CT C II IIC tb IIIC CT C tb IIIC CT C IIC NF NOTE: Mount II) option only Intrinsically IV) option DC VDC) NOTE: SH Housing to Reference AC Information
Reference AC Information Rosemount 8700M Platform IEC EX ATEX 08732-AP02, AA Nomenclature Flow 8705-M and M4 K1 G1 L1 B3 J1 SC V1 SH II III IV VI VII VIII IX XI XII XIII XIV Explanation Explanation Flowtube II Custom III Custom of comply with IEC IV Housing VI Grounding VII Custom VIII Custom Mounting IX B3 Mount with 8732EM Optional J1 CM20, M20 Junction XI (RJB) SC XII options (housing) RJB), XIII SH RJB) XIV to NPS to NPS M0 M1 M2 M3 M4 or G, EPL or or G, EPL or or G, EPL or or G, EPL or or G, EPL or II IIC T5T3 II tb IIIC CT C K1 ATEX II IIC T5T3 II tb IIIC CT C IIC T5T3 tb IIIC CT C K7 IIC T5T3 tb IIIC CT C II IIC T5T3 II tb IIIC CT C N1 ATEX II IIC T5T3 II tb IIIC CT C IIC T5T3 tb IIIC CT C N7 IIC T5T3 tb IIIC CT C ND ATEX II tb IIIC CT C NF tb IIIC CT C NOTE: Housing M2, M3 and M4 Housing M0 and M1 only NOTE: to C: Information
C: Information Rosemount 8700M Platform IEC EX ATEX 08732-AP02, AA Nomenclature Flow 8711-M/L and 15F K1 G1 J1 SC V1 II III IV VI VII VIII IX XI Explanation Explanation Flow II Custom III Custom of comply with IEC IV Mounting Remote Mount from Mount with VI Grounding VII Custom Optional VIII J1 CM20, M20 Remote Junction IX options XI to NPS to NPS K1 II IIC T5T3 ATEX II tb IIIC CT C IIC T5T3 K7 tb IIIC CT C II IIC T5T3 N1 ATEX II tb IIIC CT C IIC T5T3 N7 tb IIIC CT C ND ATEX II tb IIIC CT C NF tb IIIC CT C SC NOTE:* Flowtube with (housing) NOTE: to Reference AC Information
Reference AC C.2 FM locations Information C: Information
C: Information Reference AC Information
Reference AC Information C: Information
C: Information Reference AC Information
Reference AC Information C: Information
C: Information C.3 locations Reference AC Information
Reference AC Information C: Information
C: Information Reference AC Information
Reference AC Information C: Information
C: Information Reference AC Information
Reference AC Information C: Information
C: Information Reference AC Information
Reference AC Information C: Information
C: Information Reference AC Information
Reference AC C.4 EC Declaration of Conformity Information C: Information
C: Information Reference AC Information
Reference AC Information C: Information
C: Information Reference AC Information
Reference AC D.1 8732EM D-1. 8732EM D: PRINTED COPIES ARE UNCONTROLLED Rosemount
D: D-2. 8732EM DiagramCombination Reference AC PRINTED COPIES ARE UNCONTROLLED Rosemount
Reference AC THUM D.2 D-3. THUM with 8732EM D:
D: D-4. Wireless THUM with 8732EM Reference AC
Reference AC D.3 D-5. with 8732EM D:
D: D-6. with 8732EM Reference AC