CPCs CO (P/N CO and Its of or covers the to with ASHRAE and other efficiency LCD to of CO and the and process. relay and applications. Microprocessor-based and long-term and Mounting the from the board screwdriver the locking the top of the the CO Product Information Sheet Product Information from the mounting plate screwdriver the the top of the Choose location the with from or other where fresh the The should mounted least the The within 32112F (050C). If through the mounting plate from the back, the mounting plate and the as template locating Mount the mounting or other using the mounting and the screws anchors installations). NOTE: mounted vertically (straight and to readings.
The mounting of three-terminal The the of the mounting plate where and the to-I/O-board The the right where to the on-board relay The CO 24VAC from The of 3VA CPC recommends P/N 10VA, 110VAC Class the secondary to the the of the mounting as shown The of the the of the mounting plate the that the CO to the This typically connected to I/O board, such as 16AI, or 8DO. the (SIGNAL) the CO to the numbered of the I/O the COMMON the CO to the numbered of the I/O The CO on-board relay that to CO higher that This relay as input input or to directly or or that The the right of the mounting C the CO relay. the input board or to the Product Information (COMMON) of this and the N.C. or N.O. whether the relay to OPEN or CLOSED when the CO below the Reassembly finished and I/O to the the mounting the board to the mounting the top of the board the mounting the the the the mounting Then, the of the If the board to the the back of the board properly with the and relay the mounting that there the CO
the Switch The front of the board switch that whether the as (V) or To with CPC I/ boards, this switch should to (the DOWN this switch the DOWN operating the the CO Software operating the the LCD and the three buttons the front of the to the operating shows the the and the the ENTER to through the and the and to CO Reassembly Product Information If the CO relay or the and to the of the the CO reading this the relay Press ENTER to the To properly CO specify the of the the and to the of to the Press ENTER to the CO WARNING! the CO DO NOT without this or the readings. CO shipped and only once every years to readings. from CPC. Follow the instructions that with this to the ENTER to this and CO2 and
The whether to or If to the properly that the highest to to the highest Press ENTER to The whether the to from 5VDC or from VDC. This to 5VDC the connected to I/O boards input Press ENTER to the Once and the ready operation. the to the front of the to installation. The with with that allows the to shown, and with that covers the Choose whichever Emerson TM Emerson. It TM and Emerson TM and service of Emerson TM of Emerson other the property of their respective owners. Emerson Inc. rights Product Information Sheet The and REFLECS The of the CO 5VDC with 0V of and 5V the or the of the chose when the and the REFLECS of (RMCC, BEC, or BCU) to the from the CO REFLECS) or the as Linear to information the Linear type and to its the or REFLECS, to include the following information: The the that with the of from the CO to the If the to of If the to of the the CO offset should to