UNI-TRAN PREMIUM PLUS TOXIC GAS DETECTOR USER MANUAL UT-P+-STXXXX of ST1200 Detector) MAN-0005-00
Copyright Inc. Printed This informational only. Although the information this to include technical or typographical therefore, to the information within this and incorporated without revisions of the Inc. responsibility that within this This the of and the and within this and to the of the If the or other than as the without of or Inc. the and obligation or of this copied, or distributed without the written of Inc. Inc. products, and from high and expected to years of service. Each thoroughly tested, inspected and to shipment. which the of the to the operating and instructions Where the of required, should the Inc., warrants its and and workmanship of months from of purchase and other months from of purchase. other or or implied, honored Inc. Inc. or authorized
Table of Chapter Introduction Introduction Chapter and hats the Location of Sensor(s) Unpacking Detector Mounting the ST1200 ST1300 ST1400 ST1500 the ST1200 ST1300 ST1400 ST1600 toxic the ST1210 toxic the ST1210 toxic Separation the ST1400 toxic the ST1200, ST1300, ST1500 and ST1600 the ST1200, ST1300 ST1500 and ST1600 the ST1210 toxic the ST1210 toxic Switch Activation Summary of Chapter Procedure Switch Activation Procedure UNI-TRAN ST1400 Interface Switch Activation Summary of of Procedure ST1600 toxic the toxic using toxic using
Switch Activation Procedure UNI-TRAN ST1400 Normal (Light Switch Troubleshooting Chapter of Terms Information Inc. Procedure C Specifications
Chapter Introduction Introduction The based toxic fast, and effective of toxic selects the from the leading its broad of toxic High performance, and based firmware and repeatable the and reduced The to interface that to The text LED the instructions operation, and relay without that with or remotely mounted to from the Scrolling LED English, or Spanish based Conformal coated boards
Chapter and Whats the the from the box(s). the Inspect and the and immediately found or Location of There the and location of within facility. should to the where expected and where to the of where protection or such as S, CO and SO to areas. from who know the characteristics of the detected, and the facility. and to publications that industry. Unpacking The UNI-TRAN of to The and relay board assembly to which the wired. The (CPU board) assembly. the from the white to ST1210) the of the Housing counter clockwise. the the of the Housing. the Housing and the housing. WARNING: to the knurled the CPU and board. NOTE: Since electricity to electricity from touching grounded the the from the housing, the and straight then temporarily the clean the connected to the located the relay board.
Detector Mounting The housing should oriented that the the of the housing. Water housing to the to and
the ST1200 ST1300 ST1400 ST1500 ST1600 toxic
the ST1200 ST1300 ST1400 ST1600 toxic
the ST1210 toxic
the ST1210 toxic using
to and NOTE: The this to functioning of the of the and to these guaranteed. Confirm that with regulations that to the of If official the NOTE The (CPU board and Board) with should from the board and housing. If there bright the and the board to when the the NOTE Since electricity to electricity from touching grounded the to The of The relay assembly to which the input wired. The (CPU and assembly. To the screws from the front of the board (The attached to the relay board the the from the housing the and straight Gently the from the while The of shielded highly recommended input, and wires to interference caused shielded where the the to other The the and the of the which function of the of the used. to the the (and used) and instructions to B). NOTE: The that to charge the and when touched. Therefore, when to the terminals or information to the A. Water-proof and explosion-proof recommended to within the Seals should located as to the as and than inches Explosion-proof installations where
Conform to to formation of the Seals should below The and shielding of the should back to the to around the wires. This and through the of the shield and the It recommended that explosion-proof and breathers used. and 'breathing' which allows to and the the tight enough to this 'breathing'. to when and the field connected, that the wires connected to the terminals and that the specifications. the and from the the board back and the screws. Separation The ST1200, ST1300, ST1400, ST1500 and ST1600 and wired directly to the UNI- TRAN housing and board as the 7and or they mounted (JB2-2-ASSY) which of and and The and then connected to the UNI-TRAN using the ST1200, ST1300, ST1400, ST1500 and ST1600 of 18AWG shielded to factory Ohms). NOTE: of 18AWG shielded to and 16AWG to factory
The ST1210 and wired directly to the UNI-TRAN housing and as the or they mounted (JB2-3-ASSY) which of and The and then connected to the UNI-TRAN the ST1210 of 18AWG shielded to and 16AWG to factory NOTE: If the used, the and the Common
the ST1400 toxic
the toxic
the ST1200, ST1300, ST1500 and ST1600
the ST1200, ST1300 ST1500 and ST1600 toxic
the ST1210 toxic
the ST1210 toxic
The following checking the to that phases of and correctly Detector securely mounted shields properly grounded, used) to the Detector and properly connected to the Detector WARNING Confirm that or the from the relay board. to With applied, that the LED On, there the LCD and the LED flashing red. seconds the LED from flashing to seconds. the LCD the Safety. The the and to the
This option allows to the and the of the and high relays. The Following the the UNITRAN UT- P+ ST1210-100- XXXX UT- P+ ST1200-100- XXXX UT-P+ -ST1210- XXXX UT-P+ -ST1200- XXXX UT-P+ -ST1210- XXXX UT-P+ -ST1200- XXXX UT-P+ -ST1300- XXXX UT-P+ -ST1400-25- XXXX UT-P+ -ST1500-10- XXXX UT-P+ -ST1600-500- XXXX The of the Detector three options that allow to or its Table Latching High latch. latch. latch. latch. latch. latch. Non Latching
to the of the the of the the of the the where to the switch or the switch. Release the switch or switch the finished counting from to the the options and prompted selection YES? Momentarily the switch or switch when the option prompted selection. If the switch or switch activated the Detector to the option. selection the selection acknowledged with flashing YES If of the three options selected, the Detector to the Summary of count First Option: the YES? selection Option: Option the YES? selection Third Option: the YES? selection to option selected) the and the switch/CAL/RESET when prompted with YES? The selection acknowledged with fashing YES The to and the the relay and latching options each relay The first. the the which increases of the ST1400 every seconds. the switch/CAL/RESET when the displayed. The selection acknowledged flashing the selected the The the to the ST1400 The increases of the ST1400 from the ST1400 through to the ST1400 selected or which the to operation. The NORMAL the The then and each prompting the with YES? selection. the switch/CAL/RESET when the action prompted. The selection acknowledged flashing YES The relay latching action ALARM the The then and Non-Latching each prompting the with YES? selection. the switch/CAL/RESET when the action prompted. The selection acknowledged flashing YES The Switch Activation
and Non-Latching selected or which the to operation. High relay options The high relay to than the relay or higher than the ST1400 The high displayed of the ST1400 than the selected the ST1400 to of the ST1400 the switch/CAL/RESET when the displayed. The selection acknowledged flashing the selected the NOTE: and repeated the high relay and the and the switch/CAL/RESET when prompted with YES? The to and the relay displayed. the and these as normally and the and high This read-only this The three and then the to operation. It that and indicating or connected to the These to clear and when high the to of the conducted with and indicating Chapter performance, the UNI-TRAN should to the of concern. The of to of to to which from the DC supply of the initiation. The initiates the activation of the switch or the internal push-button. The UNI-TRAN then the LED, and the to apply clean to of The about to If the correctly, the UNI-TRAN to using its and the indicated the STATUS LED and the
Procedure NOTE The Detector should when first the field and to that the toxic least hours. It to the UNI-TRAN when as and connected to other to The following should to the to and the input Procedure UNI-TRAN ST1400 O2 to the of this Confirm that the and indicating LED showing seconds. that the the or recommended to flow ZERO AIR of through the the of the accessory, to If the input another that and that the input to the Detector the activating the switch or switch. the countdown from to the from the switch or release the CAL/RESET prompted with YES? the function the the switch or the CAL/RESET The selection acknowledged with flashing YES The The following Instructions the At this input should or ZERO to the Apply this input should or apply of to the of the accessory increasing input this input should reduced to from the Complete to NOTE: If within of the Switch Activation
the LED flashes of RED and GREEN, the back and forth from to and displayed the The this acknowledged the to the Since the another or the and re-try Procedure UNI-TRAN ST1400 as otherwise, the UNI-TRAN and indicating FAULT/CAL LED showing every seconds that the the To the the switch or switch. the countdown from to the from the switch or release the CAL/RESET prompted with YES? the function the the switch or the CAL/RESET The selection acknowledged with flashing YES The The following Instructions the Apply this the input should Processing The reading the The the corrected this input should reduced to from the attached output Complete to operation NOTE: If within of the the LED flashes of RED and GREEN, the back and forth from to and displayed the The this acknowledged the to the previous Since the another or the and re-try
that the toxic or months. typical the of to the then the observation of the and to of and this If the UNI-TRAN to within its specified then to when of applied, the expected to of and of the of the which or If the or of then the reading from of to of further information please the following Chapter Troubleshooting Chapter of Terms Chapter Interface The of the Detector three options that allow to or its to the of the the of the the of the the where to the switch or the switch. Release the switch or switch the finished counting from to the the options displayed and prompted selection YES? Momentarily the switch or switch when the option prompted selection. If the switch or switch activated the Detector to the option. selection the selection acknowledged with flashing YES If of the three options selected, the Detector to the Switch Activation
Summary of count Option: the YES? selection Option: Option the YES? selection Third Option: the YES? selection to option selected) The following of of toxic O/P START DELAY White SENSOR FAULT Black SENSOR FAULT SENSOR FAULT NEG DRIFT SETTING ZERO Apply APPLY of REMOVE GAS to operation CAL COMPLETE Normal to of Procedure NOTE The Detector should when first the and to that the toxic least hours. Table of LED LED RED N/A N/A N/A GREEN
It to the UNI-TRAN when as and connected to other to The following should to the to and the input Procedure UNI-TRAN ST1400 O2 to the of this Confirm that the and indicating LED showing seconds. that the the or recommended to flow ZERO AIR of through the the of the accessory, to If the input another that it and that the input to the Detector the activating the switch or switch. the countdown from to the from the switch or release the CAL/RESET button. prompted with YES? the function the the switch or the CAL/RESET The selection acknowledged with flashing YES The The following Instructions the At this input should or ZERO to the Apply this input should or apply of to the of the accessory increasing input this input should reduced to from the to NOTE: If within of the the LED flashes of RED and GREEN, the back and forth from to and the The this acknowledged the to the operation previous Since the another or the and re-try Switch Activation
Procedure UNI-TRAN ST1400 as otherwise, the UNI-TRAN and indicating FAULT/CAL LED showing every seconds that the clean the To the the switch or switch. the countdown from to the from the switch or release the CAL/RESET prompted with YES? the function the the switch or the CAL/RESET The selection acknowledged with flashing YES The The following Instructions the Apply this the input should Processing The reading the The the corrected this input should reduced to from the Complete to NOTE: If within of the the LED flashes of RED and GREEN, the back and forth from to and the The this acknowledged the to the operation previous the another or the and re-try This option allows the to the and the of the and high relays. as normally and Non-Latching the and the switch/CAL/RESET when prompted with YES? The selection acknowledged with YES The to and the the relay and latching options each relay The first. the the which increases of the ST1400 every seconds. the
switch/CAL/RESET when the displayed. The selection acknowledged flashing the selected the The the to the ST1400 The increases of the ST1400 from the ST1400 through to the ST1400 selected or which the to operation. The NORMAL the The then and each prompting the with YES? selection. the switch/CAL/RESET when the action prompted. The selection acknowledged flashing YES The relay latching action ALARM the The then Latching and Non-Latching each prompting the with YES? selection. the switch/CAL/RESET when the action prompted. The selection acknowledged flashing YES The and Non-Latching selected or which the to operation. High relay options The high relay to than the relay or higher than the ST1400 The high displayed of the ST1400 than the selected the ST1400 to of the ST1400 the switch/CAL/RESET when the displayed. The selection acknowledged flashing the selected the NOTE: and repeated the high relay and the and the switch/CAL/RESET when prompted with YES? The to and the relay displayed. First the and these as normally and the and high This read-only this The three relays displayed and then the to operation. It that and indicating or connected to the These to clear and when high the to of the conducted with and
first to the initiate this output and the LED red. warm-up, the the operation (clear) the to and the LED CAUTION The the of or the to these It that these to they The Detector features that continuously that applied, the the to that functioning properly. operation, continuously the from the internal to the correctly. detected, the LED flashes (fast) red, the LED shows and the relay It characteristic of to from the amount of the the switches to of the LED flashes and the NEG DRIFT the manually and the the switches to to the and reasonable Normal With and Normal the LED to LED and the output and the Detector provided. this than initiate (clear latched the Detector accomplished the than second.
(Light The Detector operating The include four LED LED and LED. These through the cover of the Switch activated switch and the Detector This switch activated holding the from the housing) to the of the housing where indicated the the Activating the switch than initiate (clear latched the Detector accomplished activating the switch than second. The Detector with to without the To the following leads the to to leads from NOTE: The relay should to shutdown The with the Detector, relay SPDT rated DC or AC. relay and Both of the relays normally and normally closed the The relay normally operation and If detected, the relay becomes The relay factory and The relay selected normally or normally and DC to the and to other This wired isolated or non-isolated operation. output operation;
that the threshold exceeded. of the of of build-up of the chamber. normally of years, there this the the LED flashes red, and SENSOR FAIL the and The function broad without of or CAUTION type of to when to high of therefore, the and or the high Chapter Troubleshooting to the input should and should whenever of the following indicated when the or supplying to the UNI-TRAN or whenever, the to high of to the the operation chapter The Detector to repaired the field. If should first the and If that the caused the to the factory The warranty Years from the of purchase. Inc. with These to the warranty This allows Inc. to while operations smoothly. and or the that MRA Authorization) assigned. written the malfunction the or to hasten the of the thereby reducing the and of the to to or as protection from
Chapter of Terms Switch On: switch activated or switch activated the or (Not to (Not to Apply apply (Not to detected, (Not to (Not to (Not to (Not to the relay the High: high the relays relay normally
relay normally the of relays relay Non-Latching: relay relay activated High high relay activated completed (Applicable to Apply apply or (Applicable only to the (Applicable to processing: the (Applicable to Information
Inc. Procedure With the increasingly widespread of and of other the of containing these than it the The physical Touching of that built the If the of This often than enough to without physical to field the the of the within the and malfunction realized. however, the immediately Performance or of and caused the and or that the protection electricity. Inc. that might electricity wrapped protective packaged. treated with If should become to the recommended that the and protective usually field installations, should to the its shields, to or of the and that normally when warning the those that *Published with E1A
AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG NOTE: RESISTANCE SHOWN IS ONE WAY. THIS FIGURE SHOULD BE DOUBLED WHEN DETERMINING CLOSED LOOP RESISTANCE.
C Specifications Specifications SENSOR ELEMENT of Detection to to and to seconds to T90 Linearity/ Repeatability of to and CSA and NRTL/C locations. Class I, C and D. IEC IIB T6 NEMA 3R (optional Specifications (ST1200) (ST1210) C to C (-40F to +122F) C to C (-40F to +122F) to to and to seconds to T90 of of of of of to C to C (-40F to +185F) to Relative humidity, SO (ST1300) C to C (-4F to +122F) to F) o to and to seconds to T90 of of of CL (ST1500) CO (ST1600) C to C (-4F to +122F) C to C (-4F to +122F) to to seconds to T90 seconds to T90 of of of of of of scale/year CSA and NRTL/C Class I, C, CSA and NRTL/C locations. Class I, C and D. IEC IIB T6 NEMA 3R
CSA and NRTL/C locations. Class I, B, C and D, NEMA 4X and IEC IIB+H2 T5 NOTE: CSA and NRTL/C locations Class I, B, C and of or Isolated or non-isolated supply. and High C rated
N.E. T1Y 7J7 Telephone: www.net-safety.com Distributed