iC200_042007.p65 Clock with Station and Remote (U.S. including and OWNERS MANUAL iC200 Color) iC200BK (Black Color) www.emersonradio.com
iC200_042007.p65 TO PREVENT FIRE OR SHOCK HAZARD, DO NOT USE THIS PLUG WITH AN EXTENSION CORD, RECEPTACLE OR OTHER OUTLET UNLESS THE BLADES CAN BE FULLY INSERTED TO PREVENT BLADE EXPOSURE. TO PREVENT FIRE OR SHOCK HAZARD, DO NOT EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. The with arrow- head within to the to the of within the that of to of shock to The located the of the IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS these instructions. these instructions. Follow instructions. this Clean with cloth. with the instructions. near heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or grounding-type with than the other. grounding type and third grounding The or the third If the of the Protect the from or pinched and the where they from the specified the this or when of servicing to service Servicing when the such as power-supply or or the the to or normally, or This to or splashing and with such as the with the or specified the or with the used, when the to from only as indicated. as specified the The mounted to recommended the of service or repairs to this the service to CAUTION CAUTION RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT OPEN WARNING: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT REMOVE COVER C SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE RE CI NG C PERSONNEL. The within to the to the of operating and (servicing) instructions the the
iC200_042007.p65 Thank purchasing this Clock with Station and from Emerson Research. This with and high to the of sound that only from There built-in that allows to through the of this while the the internal battery recharged automatically. You choose to to the morning. The the AM and FM and stations perfectly with required. of stations AM and FM) the memory the of Emersons the clock to the Month, and the first the to AC and It Daylight and Years automatically. The allows or both of the only, only, or operation. to to the or that softly and increases to gently. The clock includes to with and that without to included catch the the morning, this You the the the top or the or wave front of the TOUCHLESS SNOOZE SENSOR the front The the functions of from the included headphone and the back that MP3 players, and CD players.
iC200_042007.p65 to that every when the factory. If with the or of this please to the Please the Emerson Consumer Products Customer Service toll-free, One of service technicians and If the phone of the to service or Once thank purchasing this Emerson Research with introduced to of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries.
iC200_042007.p65 IMPORTANT NOTES this to or to heat such as heaters, top of other that too heat, or areas, to and/or or areas. FCC Information This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and This interference received, including interference that operation. or the the authority to the and switches as the turning the that the AC properly the to first the AC cord.
iC200_042007.p65 PREPARATION FOR USE and This the the Bracket and that to the top mounted station. of the from the and from the that the and the that to service. the and the to from from the top or front of the from the back or the such as or shelf, to AC of sunlight, and from of heat, or NOTE The this shielded therefore to this top of TV The the TV the AC and to its length. This The FM built the AC and FM reception. Protect This with to the from when the These from specially to leaving or of based polishes, preservatives, or cleaning the to and or the To to that purchase self-adhesive and everywhere, and apply these to the of the the
iC200_042007.p65 Battery This includes battery back built-in, CR2430 lithium battery. The the and the and and the as whenever the interrupted. If the the off and the once the the clock and of other correct. The lithium that supply back memory to years or The effective of the lithium affected the of the the factory and the that connected to AC and the and of the that To the of the back this should connected to AC outlet that this to AC switch. the lithium to the Battery to the this flashing should the lithium as as Instructions the lithium found the of this Source This to 120V AC house only. Connecting this to other to the and such covered warranty. NOTE: The AC with and The matching AC outlets. This to reduce the of shock. If the AC outdated You should outdated outlet the the or to the This the and to shock. AC AC
iC200_042007.p65 LOCATION OF CONTROLS AND INDICATORS Top
iC200_042007.p65
iC200_042007.p65 TOUCHLESS SNOOZE SENSOR LED REMOTE SENSOR Lithium Compartment Preset Bracket Mounting Compartment Function (Clock/Time) Memory SNOOZE Month/date AC Cord. Jack. Phones Jack. High Selector Switch. Selector Switch. Selector Switch.
iC200_042007.p65 LED MUTE AM Indicators. SLP NAP Month/date, AL2 Battery FM ST. (FM TUNER Select Select AUX Select AL1 Indicator.
iC200_042007.p65 Remote Preset Function Stop Battery Compartment
iC200_042007.p65 The Remote The AAA included. that known of and performance. the the cover the of the arrow. AAA the to the polarity the as shown the If the incorrectly the the the cover. NOTE the operation of the becomes or completely the as as or exhausted the of They eventually and to the of and or rechargeable The supply terminals to short-circuited. Non-rechargeable to recharged. to of the type to used. to with the polarity. of properly. of fire. The or Battery Precautions
iC200_042007.p65 OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS that the AC to its length. The FM built the cord. that fresh AAA the The The First IMPORTANT: The first clock to the AC the internal the correctly the Eastern which the The seconds and then the and the Eastern If the Eastern theres nothing to clock correctly and If the Eastern the to own You this and the the and to that There clock as follows: ZONE Atlantic ZONE Eastern ZONE ZONE ZONE ZONE ZONE To the the The appear the indicating that the ZONE Eastern
iC200_042007.p65 the and then the (Clock/Time) or appears the then release the buttons. The clock to the the selected. The clock to the the selected every If to the to the and the that To the the Month/date button. The from to month and appear as release the Month/date the to the To the the Month/date and buttons together. The from to release the Month/date and buttons the to the
iC200_042007.p65 Daylight and Daylight and Year as follows: the of Daylight At AM the the clock to AM. of Daylight At AM the the clock to AM. At February 28th, the to
iC200_042007.p65 people to their clocks to to that they though the the the option of the manually wish. To manually the and the and the (Clock/Time) or to the or back as Each of the (Clock/Time) or the If the (Clock/Time) or buttons the to The first, holding the (Clock/Time) or buttons buttons the NOTE If manually the the memory. If the interrupted, the to the when the restored.
iC200_042007.p65 The clock that and You the to people or and the other The the the both and and the or button. The from the to the or While holding the or the (Clock/Time) or buttons to the or back to the appears the release the (Clock/Time) or buttons.s. NOTE that the correctly the AM If the AM On the AM. If the AM the PM. the (AM or PM) appears the release the or buttons.
iC200_042007.p65 Selecting The clock allows to from three operation The the the only through the and To the the The the and the of the the which selected. If On, the selected. If only the through On, the selected. If the and On, the selected. To the the and the the the only, only, or operation. Release the and buttons and the to the Follow the to the necessary. Checking The to the or the the or buttons. The from to and the the which currently selected. Release the or buttons to to
iC200_042007.p65 The Remote The with this allows to the following operations: Switch the On and Select the function AUX TUNER Select the AM or FM and playback or the NOTE operated the Select from stations. the Stop/reset the and the function. To the the the REMOTE SENSOR the front of the and the the The effective operating of the The effective operating to the or right of
iC200_042007.p65 To The the top or to the Press the On. If the Function the top or to the function. The TUNER appears and the from to The first On the FM To switch the FM and AM the the top or The first the AM the AM to the with the or the top or the the as follows: Repeatedly the or the top or the buttons the the shows the of the station. and the or buttons the top or the buttons the the to and then release the buttons. The searches or the the and then this the the station.
iC200_042007.p65 If to FM the FM ST. appears the seconds release the the from back to the To the the the top The from to seconds and then to the the to the the or buttons the top or the The appears the when the The to the top or finished the the to the The TUNER off. NOTE The the that to and the selected and to the and when the switched On
iC200_042007.p65 Stations The Memory You of stations, FM and 10AM, the memory easy the or to the first to the memory. FM the appears the the Memory the top once. flashing the indicating that FM Preset Memory Press the MEMORY The flashing. This that FM FM Memory to the that to Press the Memory once, then the to Memory flashing the Press the Memory to Preset Memory and the Preset or to memory each to FM stations the memory.
iC200_042007.p65 Press the to switch to the AM and the to to AM stations the memory. NOTES: The FM through The AM through the Memory the first Preset Memory and the Memory within seconds, while the memory flashing, or the Recalling Stations Press the to the Press the or to through the stations Preset Stations to the that to Press the Memory and then the Preset or to the Memory that to change. the Memory flashing, the Memory The and the previous from the memory.
iC200_042007.p65 Information FM The FM built the AC cord. You to and the of the AC the that the reception. AM The AM the of the You to the of the the that the reception AM stations.
iC200_042007.p65 This includes to allow to securely to the station. to the chart below to the and that the connecting NOTE the 5G (fifth 30GB and 60GB with and 2G Please the that included with these of purchase. They properly the of this ADAPTER INFORMATION provided. Please the that included with 5G and 2G of purchase.
iC200_042007.p65 To Charging The Battery IMPORTANT! To should to the of the the EQ and that the EQ function to EQ Select This the top You as of to the and through the of this the the to this the internal battery. when switched while resting the the internal recharged. NOTE To interference the and the this the switched while to the the the charging switches On automatically, of whether the of this or On. Follow these to and to that with the to this switched the cover the cover and backward.
iC200_042007.p65 Select the from the included. with the and/or of the selected the that the through the the Gently the clicks and Mount the Bracket the station as shown. This and from too when the CAUTION You this with to to the NOTE: If using the 30GB or 60GB fifth with or the 2G the that with the of purchase. They correctly the of this IMPORTANT If 1G (First that the this properly with the the the the the to the and then the the
iC200_042007.p65 NOTE the to the back to the right attempting to other the the and that mount the and then the that the the the the of If the HOLD switch to the the top or to this Press the On. the of the Light the backlighting On and the Charging or Charged appear the Press the Function the top or the to the function. to It playback with the first alphabetical or the only off it playback of the that off.
iC200_042007.p65 NOTE If the of this On and the function already selected then to as as connected to the as as the HOLD switch If the when to the the to playback. Once the the the to the items as only the using the the top or of this The wheel the to the of this To or search or back to the or the or the top or the buttons the the top of this and the The Play/Pause the function as the Press once to playback. Press to playback. Press and to the finished to the Function to switch to the TUNER function. off automatically. to this You the off and the recharging automatically. If from the that the to and other of the NOTES: If from the playback the to this automatically. If while the the off to the internal battery.
iC200_042007.p65 Connecting and 1G Charging The Battery The of this includes Apple USB specifically the 1G (First with USB NOTE: If 2G to the Auxiliary of this Please to the instructions IMPORTANT! The USB this the DO NOT CONNECT ANY OTHER MP3 PLAYERS TO THIS USB CONNECTOR. Other MP3 players connected to this only through the This with USB that MP3 or WMA such to the USB of this Mount the the as shown. the protective from and the switch to the Normal or playback as to the USB the The connected with the facing (First
iC200_042007.p65 to Press the this On and the Function to the function. The appears the the of this to high Press the VOLUME the reading Press to playback and the the the If back and to the this To or Stop playback the the as These functions operated the the or the playback and the connected to the USB the charging recharging the immediately. finished or charging from the USB switch the and the protective the to the Press the
iC200_042007.p65 The this the option of to the or to NOTE You to the You or both of the only, only, or operation. activating the first the and and necessary. to The and Selecting The and To to the that to the to the and then the the and/or switches, located the to the The AL and/or AL appear the to that the On. At the selected the to the selected station. It hour and then off and the following or the To the off the or the top
iC200_042007.p65 To and sounds. sound. sound. You to which off the sound that the and/or switches, located the to the The AL and/or AL appear the to that the On. At the selected the tone The sound hour and then off and the following or the To the off the or the top
iC200_042007.p65 To NOTE You to the You to the to the as playback, the that would to the and the to the then the the and/or switches, located the to the The AL and/or AL appear the to that the On. At the selected the the to the selected. NOTE If selected the from the playback when that If selected the from within the playback hour or the of that whichever first. or the To the the or the top NOTES: If selected the To option there connected to the the the to the To option. You to the interface to the from this If selected the To option using the to the To
iC200_042007.p65 To The To the completely they the and/or switches to their
iC200_042007.p65 SNOOZE TOUCHLESS SNOOZE the the morning the SNOOZE to catch The function the and then the On There three to the touching the SNOOZE the top or the or front of the TOUCHLESS SNOOZE SENSOR the front the function activated the AL or AL flashes the NOTE The the and the and the where there and the the function this please the SNOOZE the top or the
iC200_042007.p65 The allows to the or to while and then the off automatically. Turn the On and the or as the to the that the that that hear the morning to or Press the the top The L:30 and the SLP appear. The or and then off automatically. To the amount of and the and the or the top or the the to or increase the amount of from to NOTE the from the becomes the the from to becomes the the counts to the off automatically. NOTE If the the selected or that least the the of selected or Playlist, the On the counts to
iC200_042007.p65 Only) The function to the of to without the to or If the the Press the the top The and the NAP appears. the to To the amount of and the and the or buttons the top or the buttons the to or increase the amount of from to NOTE the from the becomes the the from to becomes the To the SNOOZE The to the High factory. If the to too bright the switch to the
iC200_042007.p65 To 2G MP3 Other Source This includes the back that other MP3 players, or CD players, and to them through the of this the to the 2G other MP3 players, CD players, Press the Function the top or of this to the AUX function. The AUX appears the the this to the as to the of this and to to the that the of this too and the of too high the sound distorted. You to with both to the New 2G
iC200_042007.p65 Only) If to off the of this temporarily the the The sound and the MUTE appears the To the function and the sound, the or the or buttons. The MUTE Phones Headphone) This includes headphone without others. The Phones located the back The built off when headphones connected to the Phones IMPORTANT: headphones, the to Then headphones, them and increase the to that often as as It to the that increase the headphone sound.
iC200_042007.p65 The Lithium Battery eventually the built lithium to replaced. of factors, such the of the the and the the first the amount of this the lithium supplying to the memory. Once the household outlet the and the used. fresh lithium supply to the least years connected to AC supply. If connected to AC supply within months manufactured, and the type, interruptions, to years or the below the flash. this should the as as it to To the as follows: Purchase 3V lithium wherever The type CR2430 or the from its it ready to IMPORTANT the connected to AC This to the memory while the lithium Turn the and screwdriver to the screw the to the BE CAREFUL NOT TO LOSE THIS SMALL SCREW!
iC200_042007.p65 the from the and the the the the the with the back the the the screw that the the Turn the right and that the these instructions. to this to years from
iC200_042007.p65 The Clock Memory If the built lithium within reasonable of the flashing the lithium become exhausted and to supply back to the internal If the from the AC the exhausted, or the memory and the clock to when the restored. to fresh lithium the clock, otherwise the clock to each the interrupted. If the lithium exhausted and the AC supply, the clock to its when the restored. The AM If that the clock completely incorrect, and the the Month/date to the If the showing (J memory To the clock memory as follows: Follow the instructions and CR2430 lithium the the to AC and the clock the Month/date and together. The from to While holding the Month/date and buttons, the to the to the necessary, then release the buttons.
iC200_042007.p65 the Month/date The from to month/ While holding the Month/date the to the to the Month and The as the month/date the Month and appear the release the buttons. the and the to the to the to that the correctly to AM or PM the AM the that the and Month/Date displays correct. necessary. The clock memory and the lithium it the to years, the and of the IMPORTANT NOTE: the clock, to and and as
iC200_042007.p65 CARE AND MAINTENANCE If the becomes with cloth. If the becomes or dirty, with slightly cloth. allow or to the cleaners or cleaning as these the of Lithium Battery of the properly. around where or with, or If the physician immediately. Battery mistreated. to recharge or of the fire. SERVICE CALL TOLL FREE: FOR ADDITIONAL SET-UP OR OPERATING ASSISTANCE PLEASE CALL: FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE,PLEASE WRITE TO: Emerson Consumer Statesman Irving, TX TO FIND THE LOCATION AND PHONE NUMBER OF YOUR NEAREST SERVICE CENTER PERMITTED TO PERFORM WARRANTY...
iC200_042007.p65 LIMITED WARRANTY Emerson warrants including and workmanship, and of from the of purchase the U.S. With of purchase, service charge and authorized Facility, or the or or money to Emerson the amount of California to cover and and of of purchase. This warranty from to follow operating instructions, repairs unauthorized facility, or products purchased, used, serviced or of the United States. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. The found the back that the of the below reference. iC200 iC200BK Emerson Statesman Irving, TX AU898M
iC200_042007.p65 EMERSON Printed