Includes EM6120-2 Speakerphone Lighted
the Cord Bracket Bracket Rechargeable AC and to security the the cover. the battery. to exactly as shown. the cover. the the to charge. the the the and AC to the back of the Connecting). the to the back of the as shown below. the Wall Mounting To mount telephone plate included), follow the instructions below: the phone the the with the mounting the the the the
the the cover. the battery. to exactly as shown. the cover. the the to charge. the first charge the hours the the the and AC to the back of the Connecting). the to the back of the as shown below. the Wall Mounting To mount plate included), follow the instructions below: the phone the the with the mounting the the the the plate
Rechargeable warning This rechargeable battery. known to the State of California to short-circuit the battery. The rechargeable this of fire. the this charger other than the to charge this as specified the owners another charger the or to Telephone Telephone information telephone telephone wires or the the interface. when or telephone telephone locations the specifically locations. Temporarily connected to the such as faxes,other or To this RJ11C telephone If please telephone to to CAUTION: the from the outlet or the telephones which
Rechargeable warning This rechargeable battery. Rechargeable known to the State of California to short-circuit the battery. The rechargeable this of fire. charge the this charger other than the to charge this as the owners another charger the or to Telephone information telephone telephone wires or the telephone the interface. when or telephone locations the specifically locations. Temporarily connected to the such as faxes,other or Connecting of the the the back of the base, and the other phone the AC as shown and AC The Searching, displayed. Press the and hear the the AC as shown below, and AC AC The Searching, displayed. Press the and hear the AC AC AC
The the
to the speakerphone, the button, this or or while the speakerphone, the and buttons to increase or the to and HOLD the then the and buttons to from of recently numbers, and to the ID information: the the and buttons to the ID history and to to to the the and then and the to and Option The phone to and its information from the the ID memory ID information"), or manually.
The to and its information from the the ID memory ID information"), or manually. from the Press the to the the and buttons to or Press the to the selected to the Press the to the phonebook Press the and New Entry from the phonebook options and the or the to the the displayed. Press to and the to to correction. finished the the the the finished the the softkey. Select tone and the to the the It to and the phonebook from the phonebook options Option phonebook options New Entry Entry Entry Soft Soft
from the or ID history the to the Press the to or Waiting The to services through such as and Three Calling. To the features below to these services from To incoming while hear the Waiting and release the The first and the answered. to To to the first and the Press and release the to to the first the To Three Calling: Press and release the while the first hear and the to the Soft
Waiting The to services through phone such as and Three Calling. To the features below to these services from telephone ID Waiting ID IMPORTANT: to this ID features, to the ID Service or Waiting ID Service from telephone This telephone displays incoming and telephone as as the and of the It and the information of to the ID memory. EMERSON New You or from the ID history the ID options ID information: the the and to the ID history and to to to the the and then and the to and ID ID options Option Soft
To the and HOLD the the of the would to Press to the (internal) Press to the internal the the of the displayed. Press to (internal) If internal tone heard both Press to the internal Press to the to another Press and HOLD the the of the would to the to. If the internal Press to the internal and the If the to to the Conference internal and While the with and HOLD the (the the of the would to include the If the the to the screen CONF Soft CONF
(internal) Press to the internal the the of the displayed. Press to Additional It to to to the included) purchased separately. If to purchase please service or Copy phonebook to another Press the to the Search the first of the or the and buttons to or Press the and Copy Entry and the Select Copy to from to another (this the information the or Copy-Merge to from to another (the information the The displayed, the and buttons to the and the to confirm. Copying to displayed, and Record? appears the of the On the the to confirm. or
to another the HOLD Press and the of the would to the to. If the internal Press to the internal and the If the to to the Conference and While the with and HOLD the (the the of the to include the If the the to the Additional It to to to the included) purchased If would to purchase please service or to confirm. to the and the The displayed, the and to another (the information the Select Copy-Merge to from or another (this the information the Select Copy to from to the softkey. Press the and Copy Entry and or the and buttons to or Search the first of the Press the to the Copy phonebook to another to confirm. On the the Record? appears the of the Copying to displayed, and The that included this the below to only. Press the to the the and and and the softkey. the and buttons and and the Select and the softkey. Select and the PIN: appears the and the softkey. Press On Base appears the and HOLD the the seconds) or appears the Press the and hear the and to the to that Follow Select the and the softkey. Select HS appears the of the would to other then the and the softkey. Not appear the or to security
the to such as tones, and Press the to the the and buttons to from the following selections: Access the phonebook (on/off), Contrast, Confirm Select and Time(the and first incoming ID Format Stop Watch Press the to option. Press the to back. Soft
Press the to the to from the following and the Access the phonebook (on/off), Contrast, Confirm Select and Time(the and first incoming ID Format Watch Press the to option. Press the to back. The From the the bases or ringtones or the of the the to option the the the security option (the security factory to Press and the easy to Press the to the to Security to on/off To the or off: The includes the following factory the please the To own outgoing follow the below:
the of the the to option the the the security option (the security factory to on/off To the or off: Press the to the or off The includes the following factory the please the To outgoing follow the below: Recording outgoing Press and HOLD the hear the Record outgoing and the outgoing and played back confirmation. To to outgoing the To outgoing the while outgoing You then another outgoing or the factory outgoing the
Recording outgoing the hear the HOLD Press and Record outgoing and the outgoing and played back confirmation. To to outgoing the To outgoing the while outgoing You then another outgoing or the factory outgoing the recorded the the with the of unheard recorded. the played back, the of played back appear the flash. Press the the announce the of and the and the and the recorded the Press the to or playback, or the to to security
Press the the announce the of and the and the and the recorded the Thursday, PM the played back To Press the buttons to to the or
The to of incoming its It to and that already heard. the that the of the the following played back to incoming attempting to the please back thank To It to the properly While and HOLD the seconds the with the following To (this option the that heard, (while and HOLD the appears the and the once the with the following If to the to to the
To HOLD While and the seconds the with the following To (this option only the that heard, unheard (while the appears the HOLD and and the once the with the following If to the to to the The to of its It to and that already heard. the that the of the the following played back to incoming attempting to the please back thank to security to security Press and HOLD while to Press and HOLD (while appears the the to
to The factory to incoming this however following the instructions below: To the to Press and HOLD the the to tone and the following please the buttons to the of or If TS the there and there finished, the to to the If included as option from telephone to the to the of the otherwise recorded the of the and the to To the to Press the to the to to incoming Press to or and HOLD to to security to to
To the to the the HOLD Press and tone and the following please the buttons to the of or If TS the there and there finished, the to the To the to Press the to the to incoming to The factory to this however following the instructions below: Remote It to and the from anywhere using telephone and the factory security or security To remotely the the outgoing played the security The with and back the the the function (follow the chart below the commands). Remote To the from location: the the the security the and Press follow and the turned Function OGM Playback OGM Recording (Press to Stop On
Remote It to and the from anywhere telephone and the factory security or security To the the outgoing played the security The with and back the the the function (follow the chart below the commands). To the from location: the the the and the security Press follow and the turned security security security To the security Press and HOLD the the tone and the following please security the to the or and the to security three of the security and the the with of the security To the security Press the to the security security Press to or and HOLD to security to
instructions telephone should to reduce the of fire, shock and to including the following: this bath or or (other than type) There of shock from the telephone to the of the the and indicated this of fire. They with instructions. Warning! The this and or known to the State of California to or other SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS TO PREVENT FIRE OR ELECTRICAL SHOCK HAZARD DO NOT EXPOSE THIS PRODUCT TO The with arrowhead within to the to the of lated within the that of to of shock to back of CAUTION: RISK OF EXPLOSION IF BATTERY IS REPLACED BY AN INCORRECT TYPE. DISPOSE OF USED BATTERIES ACCORDING TO THE INSTRUCTIONS. USE ONLY WITH EMERSON MODEL NO.EM6120-2 RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT OPEN WARNING TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT REMOVE COVER OR BACK NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE EFER SERVICING TO QUALIFIED SERVICE PERSONNEL WARNING RAIN OR MOISTURE CAUTION The within the to the to the of operating and (servicing) instructions the accompanying the
telephone should to reduce the of fire, shock and to including the following: this near bath or or telephone (other than type) There of shock from the telephone to the of the only the and indicated this of fire. They with instructions. Warning! The cords this and or known to the State of California to or other Compliance information telephone to the Switched Telephone Network and with and FCC and Regulations and the Technical Telephone published ACTA. FCC information to the Telephone On the of this indicating, other information, the US and (REN) the You this information to telephone The REN the of to telephone and of these when telephone called. areas, the of the of to should To of the of to as the REN, should telephone and to this to the the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions Notes This service the telephone Party to tariffs, and therefore, to telephone with telephone Notice to the telephone of from If specially wired connected to the the of this If about what telephone or Rights of the Telephone Should which the telephone the telephone where that temporary of service required. Where and the warrant such action, the service immediately. of such temporary the telephone promptly of such temporary the opportunity to the and inform of right to to the Commission to forth of FCC and Regulations. The telephone its operations or procedures where such action the operation of its business and with FCC and Regulations. If these expected to the or performance of telephone the telephone writing, to allow to service. US located the REN located the FCC information This with of the FCC to the following This interference; and This interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. of when this This and and, and with the instructions, interference to tions. there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the (that the or that receiving the interference). or and increase the the telecommunications and the outlet from that to which the connected. If these the interference, please or Also, the helpful To and Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington, D.C. Please when Notice: The or the the authority to the FCC RF information This with FCC the following The to allow of inches) the and operation. The or operated with other or The operation and FCC RF when with carrying or other accessory with this included the or optional with the Third the should as these might with FCC RF Hearing This FCC Hearing
US located the REN located the telephone to the Switched Telephone Network and with and FCC and and the Technical Telephone published ACTA. FCC information to the Telephone On the of this indicating, other information, the US and (REN) the You this information to telephone The REN the of to telephone and of these when called. areas, the of the of connected to should To of the of to as the REN, should telephone and to this to the the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions Notes This service the telephone Party to and therefore, to own telephone with telephone Notice to the telephone of telephone from If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this If about what or Rights of the Telephone Should which the telephone the telephone shall, where that temporary of service required. Where and the warrant such action, the telephone temporarily service immediately. of such temporary the telephone promptly of such temporary the opportunity to the and inform of right to to the to forth of FCC and Regulations. The its operations or procedures where such action the of its business and with FCC and Regulations. If these expected to the or performance of telephone the telephone writing, to allow to service. FCC information This with of the FCC to the following This interference; and This interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. of Communications when this This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the (that the or that receiving the interference). or and increase the the telecommunications and the telecommunications from that to which the connected. If these the interference, please or Also, the helpful How To and Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington, D.C. Please specify when Notice: The or the the authority to the FCC RF information This with FCC the following The to allow of inches) the and operation. The or operated with other or The and FCC RF when with carrying or other accessory with this necessary included the or optional with the Third the should as these might comply with FCC RF Hearing This telephone FCC Hearing
FCC information This with of the FCC to the following This interference; and This interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. of when this This and and, and with the instructions, interference to tions. there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the (that the or that receiving the interference). or and increase the the and the telecommunications outlet from that to which the connected. If these the interference, please or Also, the helpful To and Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington, D.C. Please specify when Notice: The or the the authority to the FCC RF information This with FCC the following The to allow of inches) the and operation. The or operated with other or The and FCC RF when with carrying or other accessory with this included the or optional with the Third the should as these might comply with FCC RF Hearing This telephone FCC Hearing Warranty Warranty the that this or properly, within from of purchase to the authorized service or TO OBTAIN WARRANTY SERVICE: of the of purchase within the (Dated of to the authorized service and to Include P.O. telephone and the within the the or reason the repaired or replaced, option, the or of examination the service this Products as of to with the The of the authorized service Southern Inc. Attention: 14-C Street NY Should or concerning this please service 9AM 5PM (EST) 9AM 3PM (EST) or
Warranty the that this or properly, within from of purchase to the authorized service or TO OBTAIN WARRANTY SERVICE: of the of purchase within the (Dated of to the authorized service and to return. Include P.O. telephone and the within the the or reason the repaired or replaced, option, the or of examination the service this Products as of to with the Warranty service This warranty cover from or operation, of reasonable and thorized This warranty the unauthorized or repairs this products to the authorized service packaged. of Warranty: THE WARRANTY STATED ABOVE IS THE ONLY WARRANTY APPLICABLE TO THIS PRODUCT. ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE) ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED UNDER THIS WARRANTY IS THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF THE CONSUMER. SOUTHERN TELECOM INC. SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT OR ARISING OUT OF ANY BREACH OF ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY ON THIS PRODUCT. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITED WARRANTY ARE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ON THIS PRODUCT IS LIMITED TO THE APPLICABLE WAR- RANTY PERIOD SET FORTH ABOVE. allow the of or or warranty the or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights that from to Distributed by: AIT, Inc. NY rights Emerson and the of Emerson New USA Information DECT products This telephone with the DECT which operates the to of this to and with UTAM. relocation of this coordinated through and UTAM. UTAM