SM-EZMotion P/N Revision: A1 July Drives, Inc.
Information furnished Inc. to and responsibility its the right to the or operation of the and associated motion products without responsibility that appear this Information this to without SM-EZMotion P/N A1 July Drives, Inc.
Drives, Inc. rights Revision: A1 July Printed United States of America Information this to without this or or or mechanical, without the written of The following of and without written of EMERSON Motion EMERSON Motion of EMERSON affiliated with Microsoft Corporation, of the MicroSoft, and NT Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. MODBUS of Gould, Inc. of the Association. This to to the released of the of and to further and the the and instances. inconsistency.
Customer U.S.A. Telephone: or It to with the operation of products. to fast, and That why offer to the Whether or information hours of services FAX You FAX and to FAX to the and www.emersonct.com www.emersonct.com If to technical using The includes technical release and other technical This technical and software electronically. Technical or Motion products backed of professionals who service installation. technical ready to those the telephone. technical hours service to Also, through service organization. please with easily and to the following information: Product found choosing About from the The type of or of that appear What when the occurred to the service, the technical when service or required. Training Services or highly trained of instructors to with Motion products and their applications. of offered, of which taught Application or of factory tough or offer broad of and knowledge of motion applications.
Customer Service or Authorized directly with Customer Service the Customer Service this the established to learn to this and easily. as these to those found other Microsoft software and options type: the with the field OK Source ERMS. the following typographic throughout this Characters that type exactly as they appear. directed to type should type the characters exactly as they printed. information directed to type should type the instead of the shown type. ALL CAPITALS Directory and SMALL CAPS Non-printable ASCII characters. KEY1+KEY2 to and the first while the KEY1,KEY2 to and release the the other. Warning that, death or serious injury. that, or without the that, property the of this and information about the or the respective of the Throughout this the or "SP" to SP. This
Instructions Warning to follow death or serious The the shock and/or burns and lethal. when with or to the The comply with legislation the country of Qualified the of this and who with the and operation of the and the involved. this the following trained and authorized to clear and ground and and with established trained the and of protective with established trained first Reference The following related and user with SP SP Advanced SM-I/O SM-Profibus DP SM-INTERBUS
Information The SM-EZMOTION and its associated as professional incorporation or If incorrectly the The high and high of and to mechanical that injury. to the installation, and who the and They this information and to the functions of the and which might through their functions or through incorrect to or forward/reverse, of where malfunction of the or to or injury, and where further to reduce the To mechanical such as required. The without high-integrity protection from malfunction. Information The from of incorrect or of the optional of the or from mismatching the with the The of this to the of the interests of to of and the the right to the of the or its performance, of the of this without rights of this or of or mechanical including photocopying, recording or information or without writing from the publisher. software This with the of and software. If this SM-EZMOTION www.emersonct.com Considerations to or existing with other there their software and the software this These this to function differently. This apply to from Service If there of Within the Union which this comply with Directive 89/392/EEC, of Machinery. The and tested to high and the of offered the function forward/reverse and safety-critical without of protection. where malfunction or of to and further protection where to follow death or serious The this shock and/or burns, and lethal. when with or to this The comply with legislation the country of AC supply isolation The AC supply from the isolation or servicing other than to the or the The which to the supply Allow least the and seconds the supply carrying which with to the Products connected and where the incorporated which connected to the AC supply and the of the to the input, which from the the To of shock from the they disconnecting the from the latching Grounding (Earthing, The grounded to the of The ground shown the followed. protection the input with the instructions the of The that the
isolated from least of insulation rated the AC supply www.emersonct.com SM-EZ Motion Reference
Introduction such as the SP offer of built-in such as PID and the functionality too to the to using such as to the from of the of the SP substantially increased using SM-EZMotion The SM-EZMotion with The SM-EZMotion from the SP internal supply. to the SM-EZMotion the which options the the SM-EZMotion Software Applications the SM-EZMotion the software. easy-to based and It with the to Introduction www.emersonct.com Introduction that allows the user to write their own software. The SP offers to the SM-EZMotion that (and other together to information offering SM-EZMotion SP The SM-EZMotion the SP option that to of the three the SP. shows the three and You or to or from You to PC or or to the easiest-to-use software the motion to I/O function assignments Fill-in-the-blank motion
NT, and XP operating www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion
This section of the cover information. Mechanical Please to the that with the SM-EZMotion the the SP. Selection The SM-EZMotion of the three option the SP. The which the SM-EZMotion software. The the software. The SM-EZMotion three to the features. shows of these The terminals from the to the right. The functions the below. Function OV Common OV Common I/O I/O The SM-EZMotion with and outputs. The I/O electrically sourcing I/O. I/O that they active when VDC). the Specifications section the back of the information the I/O. These I/O to the SM-EZMotion The I/O the SM-EZMotion the SM-EZMotion Trajectory The Trajectory Rate found www.emersonct.com the information the Trajectory The I/O the SM-EZMotion (as to SP I/O and SM-I/O I/O) they the SM-EZMotion high process. though they updated once every the SM-EZMotion when they to within microsecond. Therefore, when used, they to information the SM-EZMotion Connecting Feedback to the SP to the feedback to the SP. further installation information, please to the SP
Feedback or SM-ETC CHANNEL CHANNEL A/ CHANNEL CHANNEL B/ CHANNEL CHANNEL Z/ CHANNEL CHANNEL U/ CHANNEL CHANNEL V/ CHANNEL CHANNEL W/ VDC 0V COMMON MOTOR THERM Feedback or SM-ETC CHANNEL CHANNEL A/ CHANNEL CHANNEL B/ CHANNEL CHANNEL Z/ CHANNEL CHANNEL U/ CHANNEL CHANNEL V/ CHANNEL CHANNEL W/ VDC Feedback to SP www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion GREEN BROWN BLUE ORANGE BLACK YELLOW WHT/GRY GRY/WHT WHT/BRN BRN/WHT RED/ORG ORG/RED RED/BLU GRY/PNK RED/BLU RED BLUE WHT/GRN BRN/GRN GREEN YELLOW GREY PINK BLACK PURPLE RED BLUE BROWN I/O Connector I/O Connector I/O Connector L1 L2 L3 EZ or UM NT, MG, or MH
connecting to the SP, to know the of the At of the the readily from the that to follow the below. This to the phases (U, V, and W) wired correctly with the and If the below followed, and please to the SP further information. the of Then follow the below. of the CW of the from the with increasing counts. To this, the following the the to C Turn the clockwise and that the counts increase from to If the counts the and should through C of of CW of the with command. The of the CW the To this, the following the that the free of C the to the to The the to CW. It the to If the the CCW the wired incorrectly. the and phases and through of this www.emersonct.com of The SP Advanced section helpful this If this To follow the below: the the to and the to C If or other the and the through C to
www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion
Introduction the software to type, I/O functionality, motion and the SM-EZMotion as and troubleshooting From the CD directly from the that with SP North America). To the CD the CD-ROM of PC. The CD PC to the the CD click). From the CD the Software shows the software Software Select from the software and the Follow the shield instructions to the software installation. From the from the the following Software www.emersonct.com Software www.emersonct.com. North America The software of These the Hierarchy, and that of these and only while while shows the as found The items the To choose of the following
On the to of On the option or the DOWN ARROW to the and then ENTER. Press ALT and the the Then the the option to ALT and to the Then New, The the options below shows the expanded. New New The what type of to (FM-3, FM-4, or SM-EZMotion). to with the SP, the SM-EZMotion should selected. allows the to existing created with to the directory that the located and the Doing the editing. the active If the active the which the Title highlighted. Selecting the active the users PC. The location to which the based where the If the the instead. www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion As... allows the to the active or to existing to directory location. to the directory to which the to and the allows the user to existing FM-3 FM-4 or existing FM-3 or FM-4 SM-EZMotion To the and the type that to to. Once the (of the type) and the that to converted. Select the to converted, and then The existing then the type. The then with the and the active to the specified the allowing the to specify which sections of the to printed. sections printed. To section from the the clicking the that displays what This helpful to correct. Selecting allows the to the Source, and other related Recently Used displayed the the four that edited To of these four the the Clicking of these the editing. below shows the as selected from the
Selecting the to to the Selecting the highlighted text from To highlight text the the character to selected, then and the the the text the the character, and then release the Once the text highlighted, the text copied, or pasted. Copy Selecting Copy highlighted text To highlight text the the character to selected, then and the button. the the text the the character, and then release the Once the text highlighted, the text copied, or pasted. Selecting the or text and Copy further information. Selecting the the the type or character that they to Once the the text they to the Next or clicked. The Next highlight the of the that matches the search The to each of the that matching The other options searching the matching Selecting the with With. this search the user text that Software www.emersonct.com matches the text the What field, and with the text the With field. The to the match, or existing matches with the New Selecting New allowing the to Index, Home, or Homes, and while with the SM-EZMotion. Index Selecting New to the Indexes The the highest directly to the the release of the SM-EZMotion Selecting New user to the The the highest directly to the Selecting allowing the user to existing Index, Home, or Homes, and while with the SM-EZMotion. To the the they to the hierarchy. Once the selected, the Doing the instance. Once the the the recovered. the release of SM-EZMotion. To the the they to the hierarchy. Once the selected, the Doing the instance. Once the the recovered. shows the as selected from the
Selecting from the allows the to the of The with the to The prompted the the OK. The immediately to the Rate Selecting Rate from the allows the user to the Rate the the SM-EZMotion. If the match the the to with the SM-EZMotion Download Selecting Download the active from the PC to the the information Downloading, Section this Selecting the PC and the PC with. only the specified the active To and the the to the to Then This overwrite the active with the Selecting that the RAM. Doing allows the to to the without when and to RAM. If of these the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion option the Selecting clear active or If the the immediately clearing Selecting from the the Active The Active that Selecting the SM-EZMotion to to to with the SM-EZMotion Selecting the SM-EZMotion Feedholding of motion that active. information Feedhold, Section and Motion this Where I? Selecting Where I? that shows the what currently processed. If user the to which they to follow. arrow appear to the active of the The Where continuously deactivated. This from the Where found the shows the as selected from the Preferences Underneath the Preferences option, there three sub-options: and Operation. Selecting of these sub-options allows the user to the related to that topic. Selecting Preferences the as
On the the the they to when or to with higher than the the To the COM and the the Once the COM and Rate selected, OK. and Rate Selecting Preferences allows the user to the and complexity of If to then the If to then the Software www.emersonct.com commonly If to "Too then This to the to and assignments, and throughout the software. Selecting Preferences allows the to the software shows the Preferences This to options related to downloading and Once the this the prompted with when the or information these options, to Section Uploading and Downloading this shows the as selected from the
Watch Selecting Watch that allows the to the of SM-EZMotion while with the information the Watch to Section of this The Watch allows the to or write SP from within Reading To the to the The the MM.PP (where MM the and PP the Once the then the The from the SP displayed the Writing to To write to the to the The the MM.PP (where MM the and PP the Once the then the to written to that the Then the The the written to the specified If the wishes to that the written properly, they the button, or to the the SP manually. Selecting the that the user the firmware the SM-EZMotion New firmware becomes from to or to releases. the selects search the Once to that shown appear. www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion To the the Select the top-right of the to the location where the Select the and If the selected with the the the LED to the from to If the selected with the the LED red. Once the LED to the turned the to that highlighted, then the The to the the firmware to shows the as selected from the the the To the to from the If the to appear the the To the to from the If the to appear Navigation Tree the the users with to the to allow while To the Hierarchy,
Navigation Tree to from the If the Navigation Tree to appear shows the as selected from the function. If the selecting neatly the the and the active If the selecting each of the to the The active highlighted the If the each of the the The active to as selecting from this the selected become the active shows the as selected from the selecting the allowing the user to and information related to the SM-EZMotion and software. Software www.emersonct.com Selecting that the topics as of the This to the sections of the About About that shows what of software currently New as New from the Selecting New The what type of to (FM-3, FM-4, or SM-EZMotion). to with the SP, the SM-EZMotion should selected. as from the Selecting allow the to existing created with to the directory that the located and the Doing the editing. as from the Selecting the active the PC. The location to which the based where the previously If the the instead. as from the Selecting the active to the specified the allowing the to specify which sections of the to printed. sections printed. To section from the the clicking the
as from the Selecting the and then the specified already Download as Download from the Selecting Download the active from the PC to the (specified the information Downloading, this to RAM as from the Selecting that the RAM. Doing allows the to to the without when and to RAM. If of these the option the to RAM when NVM Selecting NVM the from each of the the SM-EZMotion NVM memory and the The then to the NVM. as from the Selecting terminate the PC and the PC with. www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion as New from the Selecting to the Indexes The the highest directly to the Can while Index as Index from the To the they they to the hierarchy. Once the selected, the Doing the instance. Once the the the recovered. Can while as New from the Selecting user to the The the highest directly to the Can while as from the To the user they they to the hierarchy. Once the selected, the Doing the instance. Once the the recovered. Can while as from the Selecting from the the Active The Active or that
Clear as from the Selecting clear active If the the immediately clearing Watch as Watch from the Selecting Watch that allows the user to the of SM-EZMotion while with the information the Watch to of this Watch Selecting Watch that allows and editing of while information Stop the Stop the motion and that currently active the SM-EZMotion. The Stop and off that once clicked to motion and active the Stop off, motion and from initiated. as from the Selecting the SM-EZMotion Feedholding of motion that active. information Feedhold, Starting and Motion this Where I? as Where I? from the Selecting Where I? that shows the what user currently Software www.emersonct.com processed. If the to which they to follow. arrow appear to the active of the The Where continuously deactivated. This from the Where found the Hide/Show as Navigation Tree the the the users with to the hierarchy to allow while To the hierarchy, Hide/Show from the to from the If the Navigation Tree to appear as the selecting the launched allowing the to and information related to the SM-EZMotion and software. (CSH) (or CSH) information from the related to the that clicked with the To the CSH the the graphic from to with to Once the graphic the of the that the information shows the as found The that the through The related to the and within the software. To the selects that from the Hierarchy. Once the clicks branch the Hierarchy, that then displayed the right-hand of the the expanded and with To of the to the Doing each of the branches within that group. To the Hierarchy, the
to the Doing of the branches within that group. through the hierarchy, the top, and the the through the The the top with Hardware, then to I/ Motion, and then finishes with the to the of the hierarchy, the should ready to to the shows of typically boxes, boxes, boxes, or other editing mechanisms. The to that they to and The that what branch selected the Hierarchy. To selected the hierarchy. of the of the to of and when with On the the to motion or or covered of motion On created based the to of what the The to feedback and other information to the while with The shown which displayed. (connected) to the The to information to the about the of the what motion active, and Velocity Feedback, and the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion
with the SM-EZMotion RTU Connecting the PC to the SM-EZMotion The SM-EZMotion with the PC through the RS-232 to RS-485 to with the SP. The SP RJ45 the front of the offers this the CT Comms SE71). below shows the CT Comms CT Comms The RJ45 located the front of the SP below the The this the below. Function to or the software to the To then www.emersonct.com Termination RX TX 0V +24V Not Used TX RX\ TX\ to Preferences the shows the that allows the to the the the the they to when or to with higher than the the To the COM and the the shows the Once the COM and Rate selected, OK. SM-EZMotion shipped from the factory, they to of and Downloading using below throughout the and Downloading section of the to
PC with Memory the SM-EZMotion the of reading the the SM-EZMotion and that the PC. Upload. To from the SM-EZMotion first the correct, and then the the or from the Downloading Downloading the of the from the PC to the SM-EZMotion the information downloaded or the to RAM clicked. Arrow Download. To information to SM-EZMotion the Download the or Download from the The first the through of to the and COM of the PC to used. Memory (NVM) and Downloading or Downloading, the with options to the NVM memory. NVM type of memory that its when RAM while NVM retained. Following of the options the while or downloading. from SM-EZMotion the that downloaded and www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion SM-EZ Motion NVM Non-User NVM C RAM (Arrow At the of the the they to the NVM This shown below. NVM Option selecting the of NVM and the (Arrow If selected, the the the as those that to the SM-EZMotion Downloading downloading to the SM-EZMotion the to to the NVM downloading. below shows the the to of three options the Download NVM Option of each of the options as follows: This option overwrite the NVM with the the The that NVM to the This option the NVM from the SM-EZMotion and them the user Once the NVM the the Arrow Arrow from This option the user then NVM to the to This to the option, the option the NVM
the (First Arrow Arrow A, from The below shows of these three options Download NVM to RAM The to RAM to to the SM-EZMotion without Arrow The to RAM found the This only those that the to RAM or Download to the SM-EZMotion The immediately clicking the The to the SM-EZMotion without motion or the of this, to when motion while the motion. The to RAM the to RAM and to Memory (NVM). Therefore, the using the to RAM to to NVM, The typical the to RAM to and then downloading when to to NVM. www.emersonct.com Download Option Option Option to RAM The to RAM to the following If the to RAM If the that the to RAM become If while the the that the to RAM become the user clicks the to RAM the to the SM-EZMotion Once transmitted, the become another If the while the the to RAM when the If the and then the and the Operation Preferences To the option every or Download the user To the Preferences from the shows the Preferences Click the to RAM Required? NO YES Download
Preferences Following of each of the Download Ptools/Drive On first the of the SM-EZMotion downloading the If the firmware the than the matching software revision, then the to match the the to to match the firmware revision, the user they to the converted. If the user wishes to without every and therefore every this should checked. the NVM this selected the option to the the option the Download NVM It to the Memory the first to the Memory the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion the the this selected the option every to the the option the Download NVM the and them the this selected the option every to the the option the Download NVM each this selected, the prompted to the or option. This the Application to the of the SM-EZMotion firmware the If this selected, and the firmware than the software revision, the to match the functionality of Application the of the SM-EZMotion the If this selected, and the firmware than the matching software revision, NOT the to match the functionality of each this selected, the prompted to whether they to the to software or This the Memory (NVM) NVM from Non-User NVM location, the matches exactly what downloaded. If the to NVM the those would uploaded. selecting this the the to NVM the the
NVM from NVM location, the matches exactly what downloaded. selecting this the the to NVM NOT uploaded. each this selected, the whether to the NVM or to the NVM every Downloading The Download allows the to that from the or with the This to from unauthorized If to the SM-EZMotion the software The to with the to the the or to completely the first the To this, the to the Then the The following should appear On this the as located the of the then the button. Doing BOTH the (.EZ), as as the The "s" the of the The to the directory as the To the Download, then Download the as shown below. www.emersonct.com Download then the user to the that they to the that and then the This the to the or The to allow the to The the function. If to appear indicating that the that the SM-EZMotion protected the of this shown Protected
www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion
Introduction The SM-EZMotion offers four motion types. These four Home, Index, and Gear. motion what motion Profile that to motion the SM-EZMotion Profiles. This further the Profiles subsection below. This section the motion and they information to the motion Application motion that Acceleration, Velocity, and Deceleration, The user or foot often motion. the the the to the velocity and to that velocity the user releases the the user releases the button, the from the Velocity back to velocity 32shows of Velocity Jog.PlusActivate The the that the active. To the the Index the motion type. motion that Acceleration, Velocity, and Deceleration. to the specified velocity reference activates. Once the reference activates, the to Motion Works www.emersonct.com Motion Works Velocity to immediately or the velocity and to specified from where the reference activated The typically to reference (or This what type of Reference used. The Reference what action or the The three of Reference the SM-EZMotion and then Following of the three types. to with the SP mounted the back of the This to back to the SP or SM-EZMotion the that activates once of the The SM-EZMotion this as reference when Home. The of homing the The SM-EZMotion of the of the The to the Velocity. The the Velocity the activates. The then to immediately, or specified offset and of the to with offset and with specified offset respectively. Velocity Initiate to Profile Velocity
Velocity Initiate to Profile to The to acts the to instead of using the as reference, mounted to the as the reference. to the to the Velocity. The the Velocity the activates. Once this activates, the immediately to or specified offset and of the to with offset and specified offset respectively. Velocity Initiate to Profile www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Velocity Velocity Velocity Initiate to Profile to then The to then of the the than from the to the activates once of the Therefore, mounted the to the The SM-EZMotion allows the user to first to the to the The to then the of homing to the with the flexibility of homing to The to then to the Velocity. The then the Velocity the activates. the activates, the the Velocity the of the detected. Once the activates, the to immediately, or specified offset and of the to then with offset and specified offset respectively. Velocity
Velocity Profile based other To the user specify velocity, and Therefore, when the SM-EZMotion firmware velocity, they the specified the this where the the the specified If this Index.ProfileLimited It active cleared the Index.ResetProfileLimited Gear The Gear motion to the motion of the to the motion of specified Gearing often to as shafting" or To follower to ratio the specified. The Gear Ratio the relationship the and follower motion. The ratio as follows: of Follower Units Gear Ratio The ratio the of follower to the of Follower Units the Units Units the The ratio or and The of the the of the Velocity Units the or with to the This that once activated, to to the specified Therefore, the motion when activated, the to the ratio within without when deactivated, the to the to www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Seconds Unit without and Deceleration the If the and specified of Follower Units Velocity that this Therefore, the that to reach the ratio the when activated. that the the Velocity, the to reach the If the when initiated, then the follower its ratio instantly required). Velocity MV MV MV Gear Initiate The the velocity (MV) the to to the Gear Ratio. Gear The GearRatio the (while active and motion), or to to the If and/or the to the ratio Motion Synchronized) The what as the velocity and The motion (other than of that the velocity and of Seconds, or Milliseconds the Units Therefore, of velocity Gear Rate
as follows: Follower Units Velocity of Units Velocity of these as below. Follower Units Units Velocity Units Units N/A Inches/Sec/Sec N/A N/A msec Based these that velocity and of the or seconds). Selecting of that of velocity and function of rather than Therefore, the velocity and functions of the and velocity of the The velocity of as follows: Follower Units Unit Therefore, the the of follower that the Follower Units Units Velocity Units Units MstrInch N/A N/A MstrInch N/A N/A MstrInch N/A N/A MstrInch Profiles motion or motion from of Profiles: and of these Profiles type of motion Home, Index, Gear) Both of the Profiles motion while initiated top" of the Gear velocity The and velocity of the to the and velocity command the to motion both Profiles used. To which motion the On Profile instruction used. The Profile and therefore to specify On Profile.0 user If Profile specified, the used. motion from the Assignments Profile It to Motion Works www.emersonct.com Unit. If the and follower the then the ratio the velocity. The function of and Deceleration as follows: Follower Units Unit Unit of motion the below. the Profile which motion from the Assignments operates. Therefore, to motion from both the Assignments and from motion initiated the Profile XX below shows to and Each shown individually, and then shown to what the when the
Velocity Velocity Velocity Initiate Initiate Indexes www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Profile Profile Index Profile
I/O Scan to SM-EZMotion the SP and SM-EZMotion I/O If the SP I/O to the Threshold Detectors, then the SP I/O only every The when the SP I/O with SM-EZMotion because the SM-EZMotion the I/O than the SM-EZMotion I/O There four and outputs the SM-EZMotion These I/O normally the If input assigned to function that then every trajectory The SM-EZMotion I/O with the High the SM-EZMotion If input assigned to function that Index.#.Initiate), then the input with accuracy, and the to the To the SM-EZMotion I/O the Assignments the four and the (where the I/O SP I/O The SP three I/O that the to or with three Inputs. The of the I/O the SP what they If the I/O the SM-EZMotion then they updated trajectory If the I/O SP functions Threshold Detectors, then they milliseconds. To the SP I/O the Assignments the three or they (where the I/O The both the of Sources, and the of Destinations. Therefore, the user to the The to as (where the I/O I/O Works www.emersonct.com I/O Works SM-I/O I/O The SM-I/O three I/O that the to or with three Inputs. The of the I/O the SM-I/O SM-I/O used. If SM-I/O the I/O the SM-I/O every milliseconds. If SM-I/O used, the I/O both SM-I/O updated every milliseconds. To the SP I/O the Assignments the three or they (where the the located and the I/O The both the of Sources, and the of Destinations. Therefore, the to know the The to as (where the the located and the I/O of the of the SM-I/O and outputs, recommended that these I/O motion Switches, PLSs,
www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion
Introduction SM-EZMotion using software. operation, please to Section of this The the basic template to The should the top of the hierarchy, the the to the of the hierarchy. Once the with the software, they choose to following the from top to the the that the SM-EZMotion with The then the the Units, PLS, Next, the the and I/O the SM-EZMotion and SM-I/O The then of the motion Homes, Gears) to the the I/O, and motion the writes to the together. Once the the the interface to the Drive/Encoder The Drive/Encoder allows the user to the and the shows the Drive/Encoder Application www.emersonct.com Application Drive/Encoder The allow the to which option which of the the option selected, or associated with the Each of the the option shown below. Empty If Empty selected the the of the should The to that the (Empty
SM-EZMotion If SM-EZMotion selected the the of the should The hierarchy to that SM-EZMotion that (SM-EZMotion SM-I/O If I/O selected the the of the should the and The to that SM-I/ that (SM-I/O www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion SM-Universal If Universal selected the the of the should to what type of and to the The to that that If selected the the of the should to the The hierarchy to that that
If selected the the of the should to the of the and The should to that that SM-Profibus DP If Profibus DP selected the the of the should to the of the Profibus and The to that Profibus that (SM-Profibus DP Configuring Application www.emersonct.com Applications If Applications selected the the of the should The to that SM-Applications the (SM-Applications SP This allows the to the of the SP as as the of shows of the SP SP To the the the To the the the right
of the The the the the selected. The NOT continuously Pressing the to the of the the selected and them the memory If the the memory from the The highlighted yellow the SP The SP to the the SP the SP and features, known that the SM-EZMotion To this to The SP of that written the SM-EZMotion to the SP that the SP known that the SM-EZMotion of included the to each of these hand. The the or of the If the and then wishes to back to the the to the shows of the SP PC written SM-EZ Motion when created. The of the SP from titled This to PC as of the installation. SM-EZMotion created the of and written the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion New SM-EZ Motion SP Once the written from the the as of the Therefore, the downloaded to SM-EZMotion the of the SP the If the using the of the SP as of the The SP user If the wishes, to the or from the to the SP the that another created If the wishes to to the every they then directly to the MS the to include or existing Once the those included SM-EZMotion created the should when editing the to this directly the functionality of the It to where the SM-EZMotion the incorrect CT Applications with Following of the the the The dedicated to the operation the such as Units, PLS To the with the and to the the
The allows the to related to the operates. shows of the This 12-character this the the currently each allows to when downloading, editing, and troubleshooting. characters This to SP This the of the to which the The Feedback Source Feedback Source allows the to where the feedback connected to the SP. Early released of and SM-EZMotion only allow selection of Rate This the the This often the motion and the processed. the the feedback information and command the the I/O scanned. selections Trajectory and milliseconds. The the the to the user and the to performance. The shorter the the the performance, to Configuring Application www.emersonct.com the when with the to the of of further information) Direction The Direction consists of clockwise (CW) Rotation or counter-clockwise (CCW) Rotation The motion CW or counter-clockwise CCW Perspective of as the from the front of the CW Rotation this which CW rotation to motion the (increasing CCW Rotation Select this which CCW to motion the (increasing Switching This the switching of the SP. switching and information the switching effects performance to the SP Units The Units allows the to the velocity, and to the throughout the shows of the Units Units
Units This 10-character the to The of this the of the and throughout the software. high of the of You from to of accuracy. Scaling Characteristic and established to allow the to back to This factor as follows: Characteristic Scaling Characteristic Scaling Characteristic This the the when the the characteristic Scaling Characteristic This the the whole of to characteristic of Velocity The of seconds or This selection the velocity From this the to The selected both and You from milliseconds or seconds. Units The Units to the the motion applications. The often or possibly another shows of the Select from or If selected, then that that the feedback routed to of the option www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Source Feedback Source the location of the input. the that the Feedback to when the activated. the activated, the Rotary If checked, the the Rotary If the to the specified the counts the feedback increase reaches the Rotary and then to and to count If rotating the the feedback reaches and then the Rotary Units The this to establish the of the Units This text to characters that to the of the incoming synchronization The of this the of the and
motion throughout the software. high of the You from to of Units Scaling The factor as following: MasterDistUnitsCharacteristicDis Scaling MasterDistUnitsEncoderRevs The (top of the the Characteristic The Characteristic the of Units that of the of the of The to or off If active. If used. Application www.emersonct.com OFF ON One of phase velocity (function of (function of (function of High The of the the of The the of incoming whole to the specified characteristic The to or turn off the If checked, the active and the the of the If the the of the to smooth the Increasing the of increases smoothness, increases below to Increasing High Smoother with FF Reduced
The allows the to related to of the SM-EZ Motion shows of the This the to which the when the activated. This which known reference The the Units Position The of the Following than or to this the of the to This specified the Units The to At the of the following to Therefore, the to inches. If the of the following to inches, then the This the amount of seconds that commanded motion and the of the following than the the to If to then as as motion and the following than the Following this to (or checked) the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Following If the of the following the the following If Following Following the the Position Command and the Feedback. It when the Command than the Feedback. If the of the following the the Following Following cleared when the The Following Software this to (or checked) the software If the software monitored. Software If the than or to this the Software Active when the than or to the Software as as the Software If the than or to this the Software when the than or to the Software as as the Rotary this to (or checked) the Rotary This and the which the internal counter to The with of The Rotary to of The the the feedback reaches and the feedback (or to If the and the the to and count The of the the Units the Units the
software. If with the SM-EZMotion the shortest to its and the To force the to the Rotary or Rotary type of Velocity The Velocity allows the to related to the velocity of the SM-EZ Motion shows of the Velocity Velocity This to motion. It as The of allow motion to of that as as they of that as as they active and affects motion, including and motion. This or The the when velocity to the The of Seconds/100% of Therefore, the user the amount of seconds) to or of The allows the to typical shows of the Application www.emersonct.com Acceleration Press the arrow the Acceleration It the types: S-Curve, S-Curve, Linear, and S-Curve. This to the type motion (homes, and The S-Curve offer the smoothest motion, to higher rates. Linear the rates they the least smooth type. S-Curve and S-Curve smoothing the and of the rates the of their The S-Curve smooth than the S-Curve smoother than the S-Curve. S-Curve where They when smooth Linear where Below of the types: S-Curve: S-Curve: S-Curve: Acceleration Linear: Stop Deceleration The the which when the Stop activated. The RPM/second. The Stop found the the Assignments
the activated, the to the specified the FeedholdDecelTime cleared, the back to the specified of to the within velocity and then to the the the and terms of velocity. Instead, the and activated with seconds specified the FeedholdDecelTime then the actually and seconds as measured time/velocity from to Deceleration The the that when software or The allows the user to and the This the activation the Active If to the Active the Command reaches or This the to which the Command when the active. To the active, assign the to the Initially Active the Assignments www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion The the that to properly the shows of the Ratio This the ratio the and the The as follows: to the the first the The the of the reflected to the offers software that the the from the charge (www.emersonct.com). the the ratio known, to than to higher-than-actual Higher the Ratio the of the Velocity and below. The this found the the EZ or the that with EZ software. Velocity The Velocity the theoretical of the velocity It the to velocity performance, the and Higher Velocity to velocity command, however InertiaRatio
the too high the velocity The Velocity The directly impacts the of the effectively the the Higher following throughout motion however the too high the Velocity The Velocity the velocity directly to the velocity the Velocity velocity however the overshoot. It that the of to the Velocity The to the command of the SP. The the the The of the as follows: The the milliseconds. This written directly to of the SP Procedure Select the and the Drive/Encoder EZ. that the of each of the correctly, to the and the the Ratio the the the to the Velocity that to that the to Initiate the while recording velocity feedback Application www.emersonct.com increase the Velocity the velocity shows than velocity overshoot with (instability). introduced increasing the Velocity to velocity The to reduce the with the and increase the reduced. the to slightly increase the Velocity increase the Following approximately of the Velocity Increase introduced and then slightly The information about and that currently active as as of the with the to this information. shows of the when with the Active The Active shows or that currently active. The user or clicking the the Active If the that caused the or fixed, then the or immediately.
The information related to the of the SP and SM-EZMotion Following the the information Count Count of the SM-EZMotion to the this This the SM-EZMotion and the switched to another The the to the EZMotion The the Hours with of that the SM-EZMotion the factory). The the Hours with of This the SM-EZMotion and the switched to another The the to the SP. The format this Years.Days and These to the Years.Days Hrs.Min the the the Years, and The the that the and the Bridge the factory. The this Years.Days and of this please The the each This the that active the of the SP. If displayed, then the this active This the that active the of the SP. If displayed, then the this www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion active This the that active the of the SP. If displayed, then the this active The each directly from the SP. The found each of the option the active the The which referenced. Following of the of the please to the reference the SM-EZMotion found The history of the that occurred the SP. This information directly from the SP and the SM-EZMotion to the Within the the The reference of when the occurred. The this based off of the This that the when the reference to the that the The the as to exactly when the actually occurred. The of Years.Days and These to the that the action Years.Days Hrs.Min the the occurred and of The of the shown as chart. Following the of found the chart: The the The as and the the to and the of the of the The displays the from the SP. reference of the SP
please to the SP or SP Advanced that this the as the or within SM-EZMotion located the the SM-EZMotion instead indicating that occurred The the NOT the other than as of and the The the shown as that that Hour and to The that the and If exceeded, the and displayed the PLS The PLS allows the to the the Switches. of the PLS PLS Source The of PLS assigned to the (MotorPosnFeedback, MotorPosnCommand) or synchronization (MasterPosnFeedback). The to the the SM-EZMotion/drive The to the the PLS. On active when the selected the and the PLS.#.OffPosn. that the PLS.#.Direction to "Both". the and the Application www.emersonct.com feedback the the the the the when feedback reaches or the If to the the when the feedback reaches the and when the on/off active if:PLS.#.OnPosn Feedback active when the selected the and the PLS.#.OffPosn. that the PLS.#.Direction to "Both". the and the feedback reaches the the the the the when feedback reaches or the If to the the when feedback reaches the and when the active if:PLS.#.OnPosn Feedback PLS.#.OffPosn If and the should the and the least should the If the PLS and the than the the PLS active whenever the feedback the On and and in-active whenever the feedback the the reaches the the first on/off user Direction This the of motion that PLS function. If to Both, the PLS of whether the (or the or If to the PLS when the the If to the PLS when the the or shear this to the PLS to fire the when the the Rotary This to the RotaryRolloverPosn this PLS. This the of the first this PLS. the PLS to every this passed. The repeating
of and the RotaryRolloverPosn. PLS with of and of If the RotaryRolloverPosn to the PLS would off off off and repeating NVM This allows the user to which when If this the of the back to the that downloaded when If the the that when restored. NVM The allows the user to the shows of the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion of each of the below. You assign to each the to follow. The of the text the with of characters. the field of to assign to This the of The following four the that the These to as The four as follows: The microseconds, from counter which the activated. Capture.#.CapturedPositionCommand The the when the activated. Capture.#.CapturedPositionFeedback The feedback user the when the activated. The feedback the when the activated. The these the and activated the the and activated, the related to the previous over-written the
Sources and Destinations shows of the Sources The read-only and that the activated, and that the leading of the and active activated. Destinations The to or "arm" the If the active, then the and the inactive. Once the activated, the ready and to read-only the Assignments and through If the and inactive), then the of the four and to activated. If the or the The to or the activated. Once the activated, the active. The The the Application www.emersonct.com Command Feedback that shows the related and function. The three located the associated to the following three respectively: While active, The deactivated, because the The retained the and activated. while the Sources That Can The reason that only they wired directly to the SM-EZ Motion FPGA or the internally the and activated the FPGA. that wired to the FPGA or to the FPGA to to the Trajectory This that the only the the updated and when actually activates. Sources that CAN SM-EZ Motion Index.#.CommandComplete Jog.#.CommandComplete Index.#.AtVelocity Jog.0.AtVelocity other Sources only to the Trajectory Assignments that Automatically The each
they when If of these Sources assigned to the the function. The Destinations that the as follows: Index.#.Initiate The to the when used. The of the internally. Index.#.Initiate of the Sources (Sources That assigned to Initiate, the information to the This offers high initiation of motion, which The to accurately the of the based the The to the to the the The allows the user to the the to function properly. shows of the of each of the as follows: The the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion the of often with the Feedback, and Feedback. This the of that the If than this of of the then Overflow The the that to the and then to the selected to when the activates. instance, the selected to Feedback and the to and the the the the when the Feedback than or to or The amount of the constantly and the when the of of the the only and or of Source The Source which the of the and to to the function. If to Feedback, the of the and offset to the Feedback If to then the to the Feedback and to Command then the to the Commanded You to each the to follow. The of the the with of characters. the of to assign to of Units This selects the of of Sources and Destinations shows of the
of and clear Sources This activates when the to or to the of the the and the Empty This active the It become inactive when the first of the and inactive from the The the of of the or the The when the of of the than the Overflow This activates when there the to The of of the Destinations Clear This clears of the of the The cleared and there to recover the cleared This typically activated of the to the The the internal to the to function. If the inactive, then the If activated, then the when the the than or to the Select To the of the of the Application www.emersonct.com IF of IF of or Source Select: FeedbackPosn CommandPosn IF of Clear and allow the user to related to their which the The each user of and Initial shows of the The following of the This twelve-character that allows the to assign to the allowed the of user This the of to to the the This the that the Initial This the of the user that If the as to NVM then the NVM overwrite the Select Empty Overflow
and The of To the arrow to the of the The of user the the To the the arrow to the of that from Once motion or other function. To the the user branch the selection that they allow the to rather than The each and Initial The each to characters length, and with alpha character character). the however the character used. The Initial each the To the Initial "On" or "Active", the that The each or "Inactive". shows of the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion The following of the This twelve-character that allows the to assign to the the of user Initial This the of the user that If the as to NVM then the NVM overwrite the turned them to ON, TRUE, YES, SET, or ENABLE and deactivated them to OFF, FALSE, NO, CLEAR, or DISABLE. to or user The Boolean used. and or of or The of To the the the top of the To the of the Arrow" the the of it the the that and Profibus, often to of rather
than to them individually. the SM-EZMotion to This of the the and should from the to them from the when the written to. of written to, the then with the to the of each of the If the of the then the from the written through, and the the the written If the of the then that (or and the change, AND NOT or Network AND of this shown written each Writing to the The only when WRITING to the reading the of the Application www.emersonct.com Network with the and then written directly from the and the Read/Write the The that through the or the The the (HEX), or ON. To the using to the the the each of the to or individually. ON (or indicated and OFF (or indicated the the and the least If the FM-3/4 AND
that through when written. Each of that appear that group. the through the through This each that To the the written to. The written to based or based To write to the the preceded with the characters To write to the used. of writing the to below. This writes of the and each of the To write the using the following instruction would used. This instruction would write each of the and each of the I/O Assignments through the of assignments to the (SP Inputs, SM-EZ Motion Inputs, and I/O Inputs) or the (SP SM-EZ Motion and I/O Assignments the to the internal and to motion These functions directly to input or the or option such as PLC or other motion connected to or the operation. The SP with to input (three as or and to (three as or and outputs). The SM-EZ Motion four input and The SP input and through the The SM-EZ Motion input and located the front of the SM-EZ Motion and as sourcing and to from to VDC The the to than or each Assignments The Assignments to to www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Destinations found the right of the Assignments and functions that to such as Initiates, Initiates, Initiates and Sources located the of the Assignment and the of that the These based activity. shows of the Assignments Assignments Sources and Destinations based functionality. expanding the Sources or Destinations. the group, SP I/O, SP Inputs, EZ Motion Inputs, and I/O I/O used. You these Source to actions (or the right of the To assignment the SM-EZ Motion assign Source to Destination. Source to Destination to the operation. Creating Assignment to assign Source (such as to Destination, such as Index.0.Initiate. and the the Source the that to assigned to Destination the right. Press and the the Source the the Destination and release the Once the release, the assignment created. The to that the assignment created. the Sources the To" which Destination the Source assigned to. the Destinations the
which Source assigned to Destinations from right to to Sources. Assign Click both the Source and Destination that to assigned to each other. Once both highlighted, the Assign the of the become Click the Assign to the assignment. Once the release, the assignment created. The to that the assignment created. the Sources the To" which Destination the Source assigned to. the Destinations the which Source assigned to assigned to to as as assigned to Assignment Click both the and the assignment to Once both highlighted, the the become Click the to the assignment. Right Click the the assignment to and the right selection appear. From this selection choose of these the assignment The To" and should the Source and Assignment Polarity The active of assignment to Active Active On, or Custom assignment "Active On" that the Destination become active when the Source assigned to becomes active, and inactive when the Source inactive. assignment "Active that the Destination active when the Source assigned to becomes inactive, and inactive when the Source active. The polarity of the assignment to Custom when Custom polarity allows to Destination and based Sources. Destination that initiate motion (Jog.PlusInitiate, Jog.MinusInitiate, Index.#.Initiate, Home.#.Initiate, and Gear.Activate) should to "Active Application www.emersonct.com polarity assignment Active On. There that to the polarity of assignment. Polarity Click both the and the to Once highlighted, the Polarity become the of the Click the Polarity and the as the Polarity Click OK to apply the Right Click the the assignment with to polarity and the right selection appear. From this selection choose "Polarity". Polarity appear. the Polarity as and OK to apply the The the assignments. The the the top of the Choose Preferences the commonly and expanding the of and Too and and This the and from this It allows the to and assigned. This motion to initiate of I/O
SP I/O I/O EZ Motion I/O I/O Selector The Selector allows the to the Selector The to which I/O than assignments. shows of the Selector www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Selector The to the of and outputs to initiate The the I/O from to shows of the Selector Selector.Selection0 Selector.Selection1 Selector.Selection2 Selector.Selection3 Selector.Selection4 Selector.Selection5 Selector.Selection6 Selector.Selection7 Selector.Selection8 Selector.Selection9 Selector.Selection10 Selector.Selection11 Selector.Selection12 Selector.Selection13 Selector.Selection14 Selector.SelectorInitiate Selector.Selection15 Selector.Select0 Selector.Select1 Selector.Select2 Selector.Select3 Selector The Selector using of Sources and Destinations the Assignments The to the Selector.Select# and Selector.SelectorInitiate. These to the Selector found the Selector of Destinations the Assignments The from the Selector.Selection#, and found the Selector of Sources the Assignments assigned to the Selector.Select Based the of the selector.selection active when the Selector.SelectorInitiate activated. At the top of the Selector the Selector Destinations field Select used. The of Selector.Selection Selector
of the of Select The as follows: of Selection (where the of Select inputs) The of Select Once the assignments to these Selector.Select then the Assignments the the of Selector Destinations, would Selection (Selector.Selection0 through Selector.Selection3). The Selector.Selection that activates the of the Selector.Select when the Selector.SelectorInitiate activated. Each The as follows: where of Selector.Select Selector.Select inactive, and Selector.Select active The of the which Selector.Selection active. The following to which Selector.Selection based the Selector.Select If Selector.Select2 active, Selector.Select1 inactive, and Selector.Select0 active, then the as follows: S2 S1 and S0 Therefore, Therefore, when Selector.SelectorInitiate activates, Selector.Selection5 If Selector.Select2 inactive, Selector.Select1 active, and Selector.Select0 active, then the would as follows: S2 S1 and S0 Therefore, Therefore, when Selector.SelectorInitiate activates, Selector.Selection3 The Selector.Select without action Application www.emersonct.com the Selector.SelectorInitiate activated. Selector.Selection to the Assignments shows the four Selection assigned to through Initiates, and the Select assigned to inputs. this, initiate to four with Select and Selector Initiate. This to the of to initiate of or Selector Assignments Motion Profiles This allows to and
This character which assigned to the to the motion to follow. This allows the to the the The options and Synchronized. Velocity This the velocity the The this velocity when with assignment or through This The of the the of the velocity as as using the Jog.PlusInitiate or the Jog.MinusInitiate. This the when initiating this If S-Curve used, then this the the The the the Units Deceleration This the when this If S-Curve used, then this the the The the the Units Sources and Destinations Sources Jog.AnyCommandComplete The Jog.AnyCommandComplete when or its and reaches commanded velocity. It when initiated If the Stop then the Jog.AnyCommandComplete Jog.#.Accelerating This active while to its velocity. Once the reaches the velocity, the Jog.#.Accelerating This activates when the reaches its velocity. It when Jog.#.CommandInProgress The Jog.#.CommandInProgress active throughout The activates the of and the of Jog.#.CommandComplete The Jog.#.CommandComplete when the its It active the initiated If the Stop www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion then the Jog.#.CommandComplete This active while from its velocity. Once the reaches velocity (or its velocity), the Destinations The following found the Assignments the I/O group: Jog.PlusActivate this activated, motion the The velocity which or active or when this deactivated. If the velocity Jog.PlusActivate the to the Jog.MinusActivate this activated, motion the The velocity which or active or when this deactivated. If the velocity Jog.MinusActivate the to the Jog.Select0 This to and the Jog.Select0 active, the velocity the the Jog.0.Velocity. If the Jog.Select0 active, the velocity of the the Jog.1.Velocity. Jog.Select0 "On" or while and to Below of these the below Jog.0.Velocity RPM and Jog.1.Velocity RPM. Jog.PlusActivate Jog.MinusActivate Jog.Select0 Motion RPM On RPM On RPM On On RPM On On RPM On On RPM On On On RPM
If the reversed, the to the to and then the to to the velocity. The initiated when other motion type or If both input functions "On" there motion (they effectively each other). The "R", ready. If the with the Jog.PlusActivate active and the Jog.MinusActivate activates, the the as would Jog.PlusActivate deactivated. The Stop (found the the Assignments the and the to the Motion to off of Switch. the Initiate the of the Application www.emersonct.com Switch that active. The displays which and allows to through using the and arrows. The first release allows Allows to assign to the to characters length. Reference This the as the reference. The of three or then the reference the of the to establish the the reference the of the to establish the the reference then the established the first the activates. Selects the the velocity and and the allowed selections. Velocity the velocity the home. The polarity the motion the and motion the search of the
reference. Acceleration the Units specified the Units Deceleration This the Deceleration the of the user If These the reacts the already active when the initiated. off If this the back off the the home. It this the to that specified the of the velocity. It this the velocity the deactivates. The then to and to If this then the the that active when the initiated, and the the first to high of the Reference The buttons, the and the The offset as the from the velocity to the the velocity This to that the to the The specified offset allows the user to choose offset from the Reference The commanded motion exactly the offset from the reference as specified. If the specified offset than the the to and then back to its offset This the specified The the If reference found this the to the and the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion of This the the of the This to such that the of the Feedback and the Commanded to If Feedback to something other than the of home, then the of the off Reference of and Sources and Destinations Sources This activated when completed. It that the properly. It the Home.#.Initiate or when the (ALP). Home.AnyCommandComplete This activated when motion command completed. If activated the completed, this It deactivated when another initiated. Home.#.Accelerating This active while to its velocity. Once the reaches the velocity, the Home.#.Accelerating This the "back off motion the Home.#.AtVel This activates when the reaches its velocity. It when Home.#.AtVel activated the "back off of the Home.#.CommandComplete The Home.#.CommandComplete when the its It active the initiated If the then the Home.#.CommandComplete Home.#.CommandInProgress Activated when the initiated and active motion related to the completed. Home.#.Decelerating This active while from its velocity. Once the reaches velocity (or its' velocity), the Home.#.Decelerating This the "back off motion the This activated when the reference found the It active the initiated
active ProfileLimited from activating. Index.#.Initiate The Index.#.Initiate to initiate the The initiated the of this function. initiated there Home, or or the or active. It activated from assignment or from Index.#.Sensor If to selected, when this activates, and as the type and Indexes or from the three Indexes or while offline. The (shown below) to the Indexes Clicking the and the displayed allowing the to the From the New Index. and the allowing the to the Right Click to the Indexes the the right of the and right-click the selection appear allowing the to New or Index. Click New and and the displayed allowing the to the Index The (shown below) from the The highest selected the Indexes heading To the Motion Indexes branch the hierarchy. From this the to and then the to the and the Index to From the Index. The selected from the Right Click to the Indexes Select the to Application www.emersonct.com and then right-click the selection appear allowing the user to New or Index. Click Index and the selected from the Gearing Gearing The following to Gearing motion: Ratio Acceleration Deceleration Deceleration The allows the user to to of the motion and I/ related function of shows of the
the or to Section How Work this www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion
There to the or These the Instruction Instruction of these to of the below. The to characters the user How Work www.emersonct.com Work and the the Each associated The to the organized. The which the from to assigned to to the of the SM-EZ Motion assigned to the the information to
The SM-EZ Motion to when of what type of or when the the to as as or through active. to this, the classified as To the to to or while the the the shows of the the and motion this reason, to the the to initiating motion If motion instruction while the the that of the the as to These below: Stop Function activated as from the as other If another which to as while the or the To from the ON the The command clear of to to clear the information the to clear the seconds to the to clear the and the initiating motion. If this the motion initiated the and the instruction www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion This the to the to of the the This the that to of the that the This allows the to search the the Search Search Down, Match the search. Next This the instance of the searched This allows to the matches to search with the selected This the of which the placed. allow the to sections of the easy to The and Previous to from to the quickly. If this clicked when already the of the Next This the the of the the Previous This the the the the Clear This of the the To
the the which to the and the If the and to the of with the what the the Red-Dot and then the of with the red-dot to to of the This the From this the the This the From this the they to and the This easily allow to of the the SM-EZ Motion The shown the the selected this and the editing. locked, the to the downloading, the to the from To the the Clicking this initiate the that currently The first to while Where I? Clicking this the of the that currently executed. arrow to the the that when the Work www.emersonct.com clicked. The arrow to follow flow. If the currently then the arrow to the top of the or to the of the that while Stop This the as the Stop found the assignments Clicking this and motion. If motion, the to the StopDeceleration while This to temporarily the The what the amount of to the To this, the the of the and then the to while
Instruction Instruction Flow Instructions If/Then/EndIf This flow instruction to selectively section of If the to the the If/Then and executed. If the to the and the to the of the Endif. (AND, OR, NOT) the If/Then/ instruction. Parenthesis to the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion tests. If Then If AND Then If Then Jog.0.PlusInitiate If (NOT Then Jog.0.MinusInitiate This flow instruction with the If/Then/Endif instruction. If the If/Then to the the If/Then and the executed. If the to the the and the executed. If Then If Then Count/Next This instruction to section of of The the that the count. This instruction count or count If the first the than the then the instruction count If the first the than the then the instruction count The
the to Count to Index.1.Initiate 'seconds Next Count To ON Index.0.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete 'seconds Next While/Loop This instruction repeating of as as To "TRUE" as the as shown the third below. The tested the If the as the the (AND, OR, NOT) the While/ instruction. Parenthesis to the tests. While Index.1.Initiate 'seconds While AND Index.1.Initiate 'seconds While (TRUE) Index.1.Initiate 'seconds This flow instruction to becomes Once the becomes the with the of (AND, OR, NOT) the instruction. (EZ=ON, as as (PosnFeedback instruction. Work www.emersonct.com AND Index.0.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete If Then Jog.0.PlusInitiate If Then Jog.0.MinusInitiate (MasterAxis.PosnFeedback ON ON This instruction to specified of This instruction motion instruction and while motion instruction executing. Units: Seconds, seconds the instruction which that the of seconds. The with the apostrophe character. The of the instruction the Rate found the The this instruction Trajectory Therefore, the Trajectory Rate to then the worst-case 'seconds While (TRUE) Index.1.Initiate 'seconds Index.AnyCommandComplete This instruction to another the finishes the
where off the that This often when section of the to another and then that the of reduced. This the to should to than four to overflow. Therefore, than four should without to the the below, instruction This flow instruction to the of the It within the It the of It that the the of the It commonly of If/Then/Endif to the If Then If Then This instruction to or assignment SM-EZMotion They and the appear and created them the This instruction created to inform the user that ON Index.0.Accel The instruction with the GoTo instruction to to to specified www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion location within The allowed to or below the GoTo instruction within the It to GoTo of the containing the GoTo instruction, to to of Count/Next of these The to which flow of to characters and of character. The with and with character using the instruction, the Index.1.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete If ON) Then GoTo ON GoTo instruction GoTo The GoTo instruction with the instruction to to to location within The allowed to or below the GoTo instruction within the It to GoTo of the containing the GoTo instruction, to to of Count/Next of these The to which character to characters and of character. The with and with character While (TRUE) If ON) Then GoTo to
GoTo to Index.1.Initiate GoTo Index.2.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete the instruction Motion Instructions This motion instruction to amount of It operates as motion instruction to or other motion instructions the motion instruction completed. Index.AnyCommandComplete" required. motion commands and the completed. The to of and instructions repeatable. The instruction of seconds with of milliseconds seconds). If to the while should instruction below. the instruction that that the of seconds. The with the character. While (TRUE) Index.0.Initiate'Incremetal,Dist=25. 'Seconds While (TRUE) Index.0.Initiate 'Seconds Index.1.Initiate 'Seconds This motion instruction to the This typically motion Work www.emersonct.com applications. This other motion completed. the flow the specified passed. The the specified the Units While (TRUE) Index.0.Initiate 'MstrInch Index.Initiate This instruction to initiate The to include to and to the instruction which shows about the The with the 'character. Index.AnyCommandComplete" instruction each This that the completed the to the of It the the and the following than specified amount. This accomplished the Index.AnyCommandComplete" to The the Index.0.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete Index.37.Initiate Index.CompoundInitiate This instruction to initiate which The or the velocity the The velocity. The then to the It smoothly the without The then to its velocity. "compounded" to velocity The This accomplished Index.Initiate rather than Index.CompoundInitiate. The the If the enough to the the the of the as both with and without The instruction
(Index.0.Initiate or Index.0.CompoundInitiate), the whether or the Index.0 It initiated the Index.0.Initiate instruction and the Index.0.CompoundInitiate instruction. the instruction that shows about the The with the apostrophe character. Index.0.CompoundInitiate Index.1.CompoundInitiate Index.2.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete Index.0.CompoundInitiate SPIO.1.OUT=ON Index.1.CompoundInitiate SPIO.2.OUT=ON Index.2.Initiate SPIO.3.OUT=ON Index.AnyCommandComplete SPIO.1.OUT=OFF SPIO.2.OUT=OFF SPIO.3.OUT=OFF Home.Initiate This instruction to initiate the home. the Home.Initiate instruction that shows about the The with the character. Home.AnyCommandComplete" instruction the actually which already instruction. Home.0.Initiate'Sensor,Offset=2.000in,Vel=-10.0in/s This instruction to using the the currently operating Jog.0.MinusInitiate While(TRUE) If Then Jog.0.PlusInitiate If Then Jog.0.MinusInitiate www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Jog.PlusInitiate This instruction to initiate the The instruction to motion. the Jog.PlusInitiate instruction which shows about the The with the character. Jog.0.PlusInitiate Jog.1.PlusInitiate Jog.MinusInitiate This instruction to initiate the The instruction to motion. the Jog.MinusInitiate instruction which shows about the The with the apostrophe character. Jog.0.MinusInitiate Jog.1.MinusInitiate This instruction allows the to another from within This from instruction the this instruction when the other Therefore the that initiated Gear.Stop Gear Stop motion that initiated from Gear.Initiate Gear.Stop Gear.Initiate Gear Initiate initiate from Gearing active the Gear.Stop used.
Gear.Initiate Gear.Stop This instruction should within the user If the Gear.Initiate instruction while active, the this instruction. Profile.ProfileStop Profile.ProfileStop to motion without the other profiles.The the they with to or If Then Profile.1.ProfileStop Motion Instructions The instruction Initiate, Initiate, and instructions. the instruction, that the to as the the motion If the motion then the as the the motion If the motion then the as the the Index.0.Initiate the instruction motion initiate instruction, the (or motion) of the command as the of the motion motion the the The instruction references this "automatically" or The SM-EZMotion motion based the The allows and repeatable motion with to The that motion the right with to each other. If Index0 seconds to and Index1 seconds to initiating Index0 and then the would these to of seconds to It though, that of Index.1 exactly the Index0 Therefore, the slightly than seconds to Work www.emersonct.com Although the amount of than milliseconds), of this the using motion. This motion, motion. If motion then and the follower off with to the Index.0.Initiate Index.1.Initiate On The On Profile instruction motion type Initiate, or instructions. the On Profile which Profile the instruction Profiles section information). Select from Profile or Profile Both Profiles to commanded and commanded velocity. If On Profile used, the motion/dwell Profile motion that initiated from the assignments screen operates Profile The On Profile with the and Gear.Stop. or gear motion that operating Profile the On the instruction. Index.0.Initiate Index.1.Initiate On Gear.Initiate On ON Gear.Stop On Jog.0.PlusInitiate On Index.0.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete ON On The to of the user that reads the and directly the that the SM-EZMotion If the instruction, appear to that of the To what the To the the This
While this the should and to the of the that to of the should appear that what the or to finished once the the to that often that the of instruction While with If with EndIf, If or incorrectly, the ""XXXX" Couldn't from Text" (where XXXX the typed the If this displayed, that the the correctly. The where the instructions to the user instructions the using of The to or to type the instructions the The instructions to the instruction from the instruction and the To instruction, the the instruction to Press and the While holding the the the of the that the instruction to Release the to the instruction. Once users become with the of the SM-EZMotion they often to type instructions To this, the the of the where instruction to Then type the instruction that to The both interchangeably. the operation of background that operates of the consistently processed. instance, background that to interface or background that www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion The SM-EZMotion the to used. the The SM-EZMotion that to and the to The of the the Trajectory Rate the the Within the the SM-EZMotion the motion SM-EZMotion and and other each the SM-EZMotion and then as of the as the processed. Therefore, the to processed. The assignment the shows the with the the and to the to the To the arrow to The SM-EZMotion allows to four If the user wishes to the assigned to assigned to the that that the the If another then and the the to and therefore specified to
Rate Rate Rate Rate the Rate the Trajectory Rate that the selects the The first to the the Next, If from and active, then this processed, then switches to the The assigned to and the with If assigned, initiated, then that the the and the repeated using the Once each assigned the the whole the first This as as Blocking (or from operation of or to the The following instructions to Index.#.Initiate Home.#.Initiate Jog.#.PlusInitiate Jog.#.MinusInitiate (XXXX) The motion instructions they to initiate motion that already motion instance, initiates Index0 and the instruction initiates Index1. The Index0 Index1 motion that Work www.emersonct.com finished. Index.0.Initiate Index.1.Initiate ON instruction motion instruction and the the Index.0.Initiate ON The other motion the and therefore the (or Index0 finished. The instruction the the satisfied. The to TRUE the the processed. If the when that processed) the scheduled to the through the shows the as this Notice when the the and switches to Rate Rate Rate The to the and to the and microseconds. that reflects the process. It shows the based whether and
Switch to Next Flow Chart www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Blocked? Switch to Next
Starting Motion of the motion Motion Works initiated The from assignments, and from The following section each of the initiated from both assignments and from From Assignments to initiate motion from Source assigned to of the Destinations below the Assignments Destinations while others Each of the Destinations associated with Select Jog.MinusActivate Jog.MinusActivate when active, the to specified Velocity the Jog.MinusActivate assignment that as as the Destination active, the active. The of the Jog.Select which when Jog.MinusActivate activates. If Jog.Select off (or inactive) then the used. If Jog.Select active, then the used. To the motion, the Jog.MinusActivate Destination. The then the selected Deceleration If Jog.Select activates or while Starting and Motion www.emersonct.com Starting and Motion Jog.1.Velocity Jog.0.Velocity Jog.0.Accel Jog.Select Jog.PlusActivate motion below. Jog.PlusActivate Jog.PlusActivate when active, the to specified Velocity the Jog.PlusActivate assignment that as as the Destination active, the active. The of the Jog.Select which when Jog.PlusActivate activates. If Jog.Select off (or inactive) then the used. If Jog.Select active, then the used. To the motion, the Jog.PlusActivate Destination. The then the selected Deceleration If Jog.Select activates or while active, the to the Velocity using the Acceleration Deceleration when motion shows of Jog.Select while active. active, the to the Velocity the Acceleration Deceleration when motion shows of Jog.Select while active. Jog.Select Jog.Select to which Profile selected when the Jog.PlusActivate or Jog.MinusActivate activated. To Jog.Select should inactive. To Jog.Select should active. Home.#.Initiate The Home.#.Initiate Destination to the as the Home.#.Initiate
assignment meaning that the the of the Source If the Home.#.Initiate Destination active, the initiate the Index.#.Initiate The Index.#.Initiate Destination to the specified instance. the Source assigned to the Index.#.Initiate Destination activates, the to the specified velocity. If the Index.#.Initiate Destination active, the initiate the Gear.Activate Gear.Activate when active, the to the specified Gear The that the the the and the specified Gear.Activate assignment meaning that as as the Destination active, the Gear active. To the motion, the Gear.Activate Destination. The to velocity or to the without within From The motion function the whether they initiated from assignment, or from however, the to initiate the from slightly than from assignment. Following of instructions to initiate motion from Jog.#.PlusInitiate Jog.#.PlusInitiate to initiate motion the The which to the instance location should with or or respectively). Since the active instruction the If the while motion active, the Jog.#.MinusInitiate Jog.#.MinusInitiate to initiate motion the The specify which to the instance location should with or or respectively). the active instruction the If the while motion active, the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Home.#.Initiate Home.#.Initiate to initiate the The specify which to initiated the instance location should with though there instance Since the initiate only once the Home.#.Initiate instruction. The the Home.#.Initiate instruction the to the of the Index.#.Initiate Index.#.Initiate to initiate The specify which to initiated the instance location should with the If Index.#.Initiate active, the initiate only once the of the Destination The the Index.#.Initiate instruction the to the of the Index.#.CompoundInitiate The Index.#.CompoundInitiate instruction to There to assignments. Compounding to or together that the to the Instead of the its its velocity. Once the the to the secondary velocity the secondary of whether the secondary velocity than or than the velocity, the from the velocity to the secondary velocity the secondary the the together as as The the of should Index.#.Initiate to that should the of the and of Compound Indexing.
Index.0.CompoundInitiate Index.1.CompoundInitiate Index.2.Initiate Compound Index Index.2.CmpoundInitiate Index.1.CompoundInitiate Index.0.Initiate Compound Index Starting and Motion www.emersonct.com RPM RPM RPM RPM RPM RPM
It to that when compounding together, the and the shows the where the the and from velocity of RPM and to its velocity of RPM of Revs/Min./Sec. The to from to RPM than the of The and therefore the than and then backwards and finally to from the that the started. Gear.Initiate Gear.Initiate to initiate Gearing motion. The user the Gear Ratio that the velocity and of the motion. Since Gear the active Gear.Stop instruction the If the while motion active, the This instruction should within the If the Gear.Initiate instruction while active, the this instruction. From that allow the to initiate while with the The that to initiate motion the and On the there that initiate the from On the there buttons that initiate motion the and The active to the motion. If the released, the On the there that initiates the that displayed the Motion From Assignments There that to or motion Assignments the EZMotion below the assignment Stop The when activated, motion that active, with that active. that while active, motion and from Stop other functions that active. www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion MotionStop The MotionStop motion that currently active. It Stop Motion that motion from while Stop Motion active. The motion (other than effectively to that active as as the Destination active. the motion While active, active motion though the to though the the motion active. of the motion active Progress, At Velocity, Accelerating, Decelerating, instance, activates while the the Index.#.CommandInProgress and active as though the The of Seconds. The and covered back to velocity as to velocity. to while active. If motion instruction while active, the that of the deactivated. Profile.#.Feedhold The Profile.#.Feedhold acts the as however this only the motion rather than motion. The which to motion specified the instance or Profile or Profile respectively). Profile.#.MotionStop The Profile.#.MotionStop acts the as MotionStop however this the motion rather than motion. The which to motion specified the instance or Profile or Profile respectively). From Following the instruction to the motion within The command to motion that currently active. This or without specifying which to If active the (Profile then the
On to the command. If this instruction while motion active, and the to the instruction. Gear.Stop The Gear.Stop command to motion that active. If active the (Profile then the On to the Gear.Stop command. If this instruction while motion active, and the to the instruction. Stop The Stop to and motion that active that To this command, Stop to ON to ON). This of the that the and then there to the If Stop activated from to Assignment to clear the Stop function. and motion from initiating while Stop active. The instruction as from assignment. To from to ON. active deactivated from OFF). from Assignments further Profile.#.Feedhold The Profile.#.Feedhold instruction as from assignment. To Profile.#.Feedhold from to ON. active the specified deactivated from (Profile.#.Feedhold OFF). Profile.#.Feedhold from Assignments further Profile.#.ProfileStop The Profile.#.ProfileStop instruction acts the as the Profile.#.MotionStop assignment. the Profile.#.ProfileStop instruction processed, motion the specified using the This instruction acts instruction, therefore the active motion motion the Profile.#.ProfileStop then motion from and Motion www.emersonct.com From Motion while with of Following of to motion while with the Stop The the to motion and that active. The and off from the Click the once to the Stop Motion from the clicked The the to motion that currently active. The and off each clicked. Click the once to Feedhold, and then to Motion and from the the Stop This function that motion or from initiated
www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion
Starting and Starting The user initiate The following section initiated from Assignments, from and from while with the From Assignments to initiate user from assignment, Source assigned to the Destination below the Assignments the the specified to The that to the instance field of the the once the of the If already the as the initiated, the From Following of instructions that to The instruction acts subroutine the that active, and the that called. the flow to the of the that from. The assigned to the as the that The instruction allows the to another that assigned to If already the as the initiated, then the instruction If the to initiated assigned to then the instruction the From initiated from while with the To initiate while Starting and www.emersonct.com the the Doing initiate the that currently displayed. From Assignments There that to using Assignments the SM-EZMotion below the assignment Stop The Stop when activated, motion and that active. Stop that while active, motion and from Stop other that active. The to without of the the initiated immediately stopped. From Following the instructions to from within The to motion and that currently active. Stop activated to ON (Stop ON). Since initiated while active, the assignment to the Stop function activated from The to user If the active, the instruction therefore the that immediately initiated From while with the following Stop The the motion and that active. The Stop and off from the Click the once to the Stop Motion and from the clicked
Stop Motion and from the the Stop This function that motion or from initiated www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion
This section and feedback The alphabetically (shown below the screen and and Unit The of the and selected Units. This activated when the activated, or completed or found). This the rebooted, the or re-initiated. Accelerating This active when the SM-EZMotion consists of Accelerating, At Velocity, and Decelerating. The Accelerating (active) this of whether the or Therefore, this active when the This when compounding together. Acceleration This to the type motion (homes, and The S-Curve offer the smoothest motion, to higher rates. Linear the lowest rates they the least smooth type. S-Curve and S-Curve smoothing the and of the (linear) rates the of their The S-Curve smooth than the S-Curve smoother than the S-Curve. S-Curve where They when smooth Linear where of the types: S-Curve: S-Curve: S-Curve: www.emersonct.com Linear: Acceleration AccelUnits.Decimal This the location Acceleration AccelUnits.TimeScale This the selections milliseconds or seconds. At Velocity This active when the SM-EZMotion velocity motion One would The would the finished to and the to to consists of Accelerating, At Velocity, and Decelerating. This active the At Velocity and activated based the commanded velocity, the feedback velocity. motion, active without This read/write as intermediary the of that the to such as Profibus and to that occurred PLC to the SM-EZMotion the of the of as This of the of the The The or using This the the location to the
the location of the location to or to clear the the location to SP This of based thermal The the thermal function of and the of that the to and of the this and the IGBT active. This found the of the and SP This when the IGBT active and the than This when activated active seconds that the This found the of the and SP This read-only displays the instantaneous of the DC the SP. This found the the and directly from the SP The to or arm the If the active, then the and the inactive. Once the activated, the ready and to read-only the Assignments and through user If the and inactive), then the of the four and to activated. If the or the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion The to or the it activated. If the activated, the active. The it The the The read-only and that the activated and that the leading of the and active activated. You assign to each the to follow. The of the the with of characters. the field of to assign to This the of the The microseconds, from counter which activated. Command Capture.#.CapturedPositionCommand The command user the when activated. Feedback Capture.#.CapturedPositionFeedback The feedback the when activated. The feedback
the when activated. Captured.#.CapturedMasterPosHomed On the of the the counts). The counts then Units and the If the the of the the Units however the counts Therefore, another the the the off the of the the This to the Clear Following ClearFollowingError Clear Following found the the Assignments this activated, following that Following cleared the commanded to the feedback following The SM-EZMotion the Clear Following as as Following Commanding Motion CommandingMotion This activates when The from the SP The the of rated rated as the rated of the Rated Rated Rated This read-only found the of the and The SM-EZMotion constantly the amount of from the SP. The user the such that when the from the to or greater than the the Active This that to to the that amount of www.emersonct.com the SP. Units the Continuous. This that to the rated Rated Rated Rated This found the Active CurrentLevelActive The Active activates when the or the This found the Assignments and assigned to or other to to the when the exceeded. The when the than the The the amount of that the SP the Current the SM-EZMotion The active the to to the the active. Units the Continuous. This that to the rated Rated Rated Rated This found the Active CurrentLimitActive The Active activates when the or the This found the Assignments and assigned to or other to to the when the the SM-EZMotion The when the than the The the amount of that the SP the the SM-EZMotion The active the to to the The active Decelerating Decelerating This active when the SM-EZMotion consists of
Accelerating, At Velocity, and Decelerating. Decelerating follows the and the At Velocity to motion the This to the Commanded to the specified the On the of this input function the to the and the output function activated. The to the to the the On the of the function the Commanded to the and the activated. Characteristic DistUnits.CharacteristicDist This the the user when the the characteristic This with the DistUnits.CharacteristicLength to establish the relationship and Units Characteristic DistUnits.CharacteristicLength This the the whole of to characteristic of This with the DistUnits.CharacteristicDist to establish the relationship and Units DistUnits.Decimal This to the of the DistUnits.CharacteristicDist. high of positioning the The of this the of throughout the software. You from to of www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Units This text which as the the It to characters length. Active DriveActive The DriveActive when active, that the the Unidrive SP closed This read-only, and directly from the SP If/When this automatically. DriveEnableStatus This active when the Healthy DriveHealthy The Healthy that the the This active when active. On activation of this automatically. the cleared, Healthy DriveSerialNumber This displays the of the to which the SM-EZMotion attached. that This with the the SM-EZMotion I/O Word EZConnect.DigitalIOReadWord This that the of the I/O the SM-EZMotion This read-only and to the the EZMotion I/O Debounce EZInput.#.DebounceTime The the SM-EZMotion to or switch bounce. input activates, active least the specified Debounce the input
active the SM-EZMotion firmware. Once the input active the the input the SM-EZMotion This found the EZMotion I/O Force EZInput.#.Force The the SM-EZMotion forced On or within To the Force the input first activated. Once the Force the input active, the input forced or off the following instructions: EZInput.#.Force ON EZInput.#.Force OFF Forcing input On or from It of the from within Force EZInput.#.ForceEnable EZInput.#.Force active to force specified input or off Force further information. the of the specified input the SM-EZMotion The the of the optional, this often to as This user or the Assignments These the Rate specified the These the high-speed functionality. The SM-EZMotion of the and within of the of the Each the SM-EZMotion The to reference input. The to characters, with character. State to the of the SM-EZMotion The the of the optional, this www.emersonct.com to as On or to or the From the Assignments Source assigned to the to them automatically. OK Active when there Inactivated when this FeedforwardsEnable This the or through and the of the and Friction If the than the the overshoot If the than the following reduced If the Friction than the friction, velocity or instability. If the Friction than the friction, velocity reduced, this activated the to the specified the FeedholdDecelTime deactivated the back to the the amount of It to motion without the If activated the to the velocity command the velocity the activated. the back and the to its or affects homes, and affected the initiated from This Deceleration FeedholdDecelTime activated the to the specified the FeedholdDecelTime While the active, the motion stopped. FeedRate Deactivate FeedRateDeactivate This allows the user to the
FeedRate FeedRate Deactivate FeedRate and or motion its velocity. FeedRate Deactivate FeedRate and and motion to the FeedRate The when FeedRate motion velocity. FeedRate This to motion. It as The of allow motion to of that motion as as of that motion as as would FeedRate active, and this or the immediately. Following FollowingError Following displays the the Position Command and the Feedback. Following FollowingErrorEnable This from the or from following the of the Following the Following Following FollowingErrorLimit This when the FollowingErrorEnable This to the of the FollowingError. If the FollowingError than the FollowingErrorLimit, following Gear This the of the Follower Units/ Velocity Base/Acceleration The functions only when the follower its to the the specified Gear.Ratio. www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Gear Gear.AccelEnable Gear.AccelEnable Destination that when allows to specified the command Gear Gear.Accelerating If activated, this activated the Gear.Initate On and On. Gear Gear.Activate The Gear.Activate to from assignment. It function, which that as as Gear.Activate active, deactivated, motion to without This function through the assignments from the Gear.Initiate instruction used. Gear Velocity The that the the early releases of and with this active when active. Gear Command Complete Gear.CommandComplete This when and active the initiated Gearing this immediately Gear.Activate deactivated. Gear Command Gear.CommandInProgrees This when Gearing initiated from or through assignment. The active as as operation. This active the motion as as active. Gear Gear.Decel This the of the Gear.Decel Follower Units/ Velocity Base/Acceleration The
Gear.Decel when the follower its the gearing function off. Gear Gear.DecelEnable Gear.DecelEnable Destination that when allows to specified the turned off. Gear Decelerating Gear.Decelerating If Gear.DecelEnable activated, this activated the Gear.Initate and Gear.CommandComplete On. Gear Recovery Gear.RecoveryDist This the the follower from the This measured Gear Initiate and the Gear At Velocity. Hardware.SlotXModuleType This the type of the specified This found each of the This read-only If the type specified the EZ match the type fitted, the SM-EZMotion and the SP Command Complete Home.AnyCommandComplete This active when motion completed, activated the completed the function activated. Inactivated when executed. Acceleration This the Acceleration the specified the Units Accelerating Home.#.Accelerating Active while the specified Accelerating off and based the type of selected. www.emersonct.com the back off motion. At Velocity This activated when the velocity reached when the specified It and the At Velocity activated back off of the Home.#.CalculatedOffset The offset the the from the velocity to Command Complete Home.#.CommandComplete This active when the specified completed, activated the completed the function or the activated. Inactive when command executed. Command Home.#.CommandInProgress This activated when the initiated and active motion related to the completed. Deceleration The Deceleration the specified user Decelerating Home.#.Decelerating This active while the specified Decelerating off and based the type of selected. Decelerating the back off motion. of This the the of Typically to the
type Index.#.TimeBase The selects which allows and to based or which allows synchronization Index.#.TimedIndexEnable This with the Index.#.IndexTime If Index.#.TimedIndexEnable active, then the Velocity, Acceleration, and Deceleration as and the Index to Velocity This the velocity of the The this specified the Units initiated, to this velocity the and to the compounded). Ratio InertiaRatio This the to of that the the of the Initially Active InitiallyActive This when assigned to the or SM-EZMotion InitiallyActive assigned to that motion homes, This activates when commanded velocity and the of the following than the least the amount of specified the This the amount of that www.emersonct.com commanded motion and the of the following than the the to The of the following than this the of the Command Complete Jog.AnyCommandComplete The Jog.AnyCommandComplete when or its and reaches commanded It when another initiated. Jog.MinusActivate This to initiate motion the the of the selected the input function. as as the active. The to when the deactivated. This Jog.PlusActivate This to initiate motion the the of the selected the input function. as as the active. The to when the deactivated. This Select Jog.Select0 This to the It with the Jog.PlusActivate and Jog.MinusActivate If the Jog.Select0 active then the If the Jog.Select0 input function active, the If the Jog.Select motion the smoothly from the previously selected velocity to the velocity the specified This Stop This to motion. motion initiated the
Jog.#.MinusActivate or Jog.#.PlusActivate instructions, and the the to to the the that active. This the the Accelerating Jog.#.Accelerating This active while to its velocity. Once the reaches the velocity, the Jog.#.Accererating off. At Velocity This activates when the reached its velocity. It when or to another velocity. Command Complete Jog.#.CommandComplete The Jog.#.CommandComplete activates when the its and reaches commanded It when the initiated Command The high throughout The high the of and off the of Deceleration This the the Decelerating This the of and off the of the Initiate Jog.#.MinusInitiate This to initiate this active, motion initiated the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion the specified velocity. Initiate Jog.#.PlusInitiate This to initiate this active, motion initiated the the specified velocity. The selects which allows and to based or which allows synchronization Velocity This the velocity with the Jog.PlusActivate and Jog.MinusActivate or the Jog.#.PlusInitiate and Jog.#.MinusInitiate The this specified the Units Counter MasterAxis.MasterEncRevCount This read-only displays the of whole that the and found the the and The this those the the SP and its option The this from of the feedback this to properly, connected to feedback and the MasterAxis.SpeedFeedbackSelector properly. MasterAxis.MasterEncRevPosition This read-only displays the of of that the and found the of the and The this of those the the SP and its option The this from of the feedback this to properly, connected to feedback and the MasterAxis.SpeedFeedbackSelector properly.
Feedback Selector MasterAxis.SpeedFeedbackSelector The Feedback Selector where the feedback the connected to. Early releases of the SM-EZMotion of or (and NOT The feedback connected to SM-Universal of the SP option This read-only from within This the SM-EZMotion SM-EZMotion This displays the measured the SM-EZMotion the reaches or "Too reaches or C,the internal of the SP forced to The the below C. Motion MotionStop This to motion operating without MotionStop activated through assignment, or user This function that as as MotionStop active, motion If motion the that of the MotionStop function deactivated. If motion when MotionStop activated, the to velocity the specified the Stop.Decel motion using of the MotorType This to the type. this SM-EZMotion to characters. This to www.emersonct.com SP This of the based thermal The the thermal function of the and thermal of the and found This read-only as of the reaches the the amount of to the this below The to Therefore, already its thermal and the of PLS Direction PLS.#.Direction This the of motion that PLS function. If to Both, the PLS of whether the the or If to the PLS when the the If to the PLS when the the or shear this to the PLS to fire the when the the PLS active when the selected the and the PLS.#.OffPosn. The terms On and that the PLS.#.Direction to "Both". the and the feedback reaches the the the the the when feedback reaches or the If to the the when feedback reaches the and when the The thing to remember that the active the PLS On and If using the and the should the and the least should the If the PLS and the than the the PLS active whenever the
the On and and inactive whenever the the the reaches the the first PLS On active when the selected the and the PLS.#.OffPosn. The terms On and the that the PLS.#.Direction to "Both". the and the feedback reaches the the the the the when feedback reaches or the If to the the when feedback reaches the and when the The thing to that the active the PLS On and If and the should the and the least should the If the PLS and the than the the PLS active whenever the the On and and inactive whenever the the the reaches the the first PLS This to PLS. PLS though the Assignments or from If the PLS to function as as the or activated. active activated) PLS PLS PLS.#.RotaryRolloverEnable This to the RotaryRolloverPosn the PLS. PLS This the of the first this PLS. the PLS to every this passed. The repeating of and the RotaryRolloverPosn. www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion PLS with of and of If the RotaryRolloverPosn to the PLS off off off and repeating PLS Source PLS.#.Source assigned to three MotorPosnFeedback, MotorPosnCommand, or MasterPosnFeedback. This which the PLS to reference its and to its PLS This active when the of the PLS or greater than or to the and than the The effectively the SM-EZMotion The the the tighter following however too high, the section of this Direction PositiveDirection This to which of rotation motion the Select from CW or CCW. Command PosnCommand to the SP the SM-EZMotion This following account. PosnFeedback and FollowingError. Units Feedback Feedback the PosnCommand the the FollowingError.
SM-EZMotion Count PowerUpCount Count the of the SM-EZMotion to the this This the SM-EZMotion and the switched to another This read-only and found the while with EZ. SM-EZMotion The the to the SM-EZMotion The the with of This read-only and found the while with EZ. Profile Accelerating Profile.#.Accelerating This active when the motion the specified to its velocity. the motion reached its velocity, this function This allows the to when motion this rather than to each motion individually. Profile At Velocity Profile.#.AtVel This active when the motion the specified the velocity. This function the completed, and the This allows the to when motion this its velocity rather than to each motion individually. Profile Command Complete Profile.#.CommandComplete This activates when the commanded motion motion the specified completed. The function active the motion initiated the If the MotionStop of the Stop function to the motion the specified the CommandComplete The CommandComplete the the of the motion. This allows the to when motion this rather than to each motion individually. www.emersonct.com Activation of the CommandComplete that the If there following the of the motion, the CommandComplete the motion Profile Command Profile.#.CommandInProgress This active while motion commanded the specified This function active of motion and This function when the CommandComplete activates. The CommandInProgress active without the or motion. This allows the to when motion this rather than to each motion individually. Profile Decelerating Profile.#.Decelerating This active when the motion the specified to velocity (or to the velocity). the motion reached velocity, or its velocity, this function This allows the user to when motion this rather than to each motion individually. Profile Profile.#.Feedhold This function to or motion without The of motion activated, motion the specified to the the FeedholdDecelTime The motion as as the function active. deactivated, the motion back to the the amount of to its Profile Motion Profile.#.MotionStop This function to motion operating the specified This allows the to motion without motion both activated, motion the specified to the the The of the of the
Complete Program.AnyComplete This activated when normally. If to or the this Deactivates when initiated. Initiate activated, this initiates the or already active, or already with the This character which the user assign to It allows the to to ease of Complete This activated when normally. If the to or the this Deactivates when the initiated Stop This to from processing. It to that currently operation, or to from If initiated motion, and the while that motion the motion NOT The motion initiated the or another This function that when the activates, the specified from You assign to each the to follow. The of the text the with of characters. the field of to assign to www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion This the of that the If than this of of the then Overflow The amount of the constantly and the when the of of the the This and of Clear This clears of the of the The cleared and there to recover the cleared This typically activated of the to the The what the internal to the to function. If the inactive, then the If activated, then the when the the to the Select the using the instruction to that the and the offset to If Overflow active, then the the of the of the The of and the offset to the Empty This active the It become inactive when the first of
the and inactive from the This activates when the to the when the instruction processed. the of and the the to the selected Then the activates. only when the first of the or when instruction processed. The the of of the or the The when the of of the than the The the that to the and then to the to when the activates. instance, Select to Feedback and the to and the the the the function when the Feedback to or Overflow This activates when there the to The of of the The instruction the to from the processed, the of of the The instruction the function. www.emersonct.com Source The Source which the of the and to to the function. If to Feedback, the of the and offset to the Feedback If to then the to the Feedback and to Command then the to the Commanded Rotary RotaryRolloverEnable This with length. One would with of The to when the to and The to exactly the as Selector Destinations Selector.SelectLinesUsed The to This selects the of (input to the selector. The of the of that the selector; that input input to Select Selector.#.Select This selects to the selector, usually assigned to input This Selection Selector.#.Selection This selects from the selector, assigned to or Initiate Selector.SelectorInitiate this activated, the the of Selector.Select to which Selector.Selection to If the SP to option this the
the This while with EZ the the to the user the option If the SP to option this the the This while with EZ the the to the the option If the SP to option this the the This while with EZ the the to the the option This when SM-Universal option of the SP The the that the SM-Universal option the Universal option the The the of the This to the of the The the to This found the option selected information this please to the This only when SM-Universal option of the SP The the that the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion SM-Universal the the would The SM-Universal of To the the and ratio The allows the user to the the The of and The the the as follows: Source The the to This found the SM-Universal selected the information this please to the SM-Universal This only when SM-Universal option of the SP The the that the option the the The SM-Universal of To the the and ratio The allows the to the the The of and The the the as follows: Source The the to This found the selected the information this please to the SM-Universal Source SlotX.EncoderSimulationSource This only when SM-Universal option of
the SP The the that the SM-Universal option the Universal the would Slot2.EncoderSimulationSource. The of To the the user and ratio The allows the to the the The of and The the the as follows: Source The the to This found the selected the information this please to the SM-Universal This only when SM-Universal option of the SP The the that the SM-Universal the the would The SP Select from 5V, 8V, or 15V. This found the SM-Universal selected the This read-only from within information this please to the SM-Universal This when option of the SP The the that the the the The SM-EZMotion of early releases www.emersonct.com though the SP of other types). This found the SM-Universal selected the This read-only from within user information this please to the This when SM-I/O Option of the SP The the that the SM-I/O the I/O the would Slot2.Input.#.In. The three I/O the SM-I/O as only and The the of the optional, this often to as These inputs or the Assignments to These updated the Trajectory Rate found the EZ. This when SM-I/O Option of the SP The the that the SM-I/O the I/O the would Slot2.Input.#.Name. Each input the SM-I/O The to reference input. The to characters, with character. IO Direction SlotX.IO.#.Direction This when SM-I/O Option of the SP The the that the SM-I/O the I/O the would Slot2.IO.#.Direction. The first three I/O the SM-I/O
and as or using EZ software. The SlotX.IO.#.Direction to whether the I/O acts as input or this or This when the the the IO This when SM-I/O of the SP The the that the SM-I/O the I/O the The first three I/O the SM-I/O and as or EZ software. The the of the optional, therefore this often to as If the I/O as input, then the to the of inputs, or the Assignments to This appear the Assignments the of Sources the I/O as IO This when SM-I/O of the SP The the that the SM-I/O the I/O the I/O the SM-I/O The to reference I/O The to characters, with character. IO State This when SM-I/O of the SP The the that the SM-I/O the I/O the would www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion The first three I/O the SM-I/O and as or using EZ software. The the of the optional, therefore this often to as If the I/O as outputs, then the to or the Assignments to when specified Source activates. If assigned to the assignments when the activates, the that assigned to This appear the Assignments the of Destinations the I/O as input. SlotX.Relay.#.Name This when SM-I/O of the SP The the that the SM-I/O the I/O the Slot2.Relay.#.Name. relay the SM-I/O The to reference relay The to characters, with character. State SlotX.Relay.#.Out This when SM-I/O of the SP The the that the SM-I/O the I/O the would Slot2.Relay.#.Out. The SM-I/O relay and that to that than The the of the optional, this often to as This user to the On), or assigned to Source the Assignment Software SoftwareTravelLimitEnable Software to They often the to
of protection from exceeding the The SoftwareTravelLimitMinusActive function) active when the SoftwareTravelLimitMinusPosn reached or exceeded. Motion using the whenever or software or exceeded. Software active active. Software Active SoftwareTravelLimitMinusActive The SoftwareTravelLimitMinusActive active when the SoftwareTravelLimitMinusPosn reached or exceeded. Motion to the Software active and active. Software SoftwareTravelLimitMinusPosn The SoftwareTravelLimitMinusActive when the SoftwareTravelLimitMinusPosn reached or exceeded. Motion to the Software active and active. Software Active SoftwareTravelLimitPlusActive The SoftwareTravelLimitPlusActive active when the SoftwareTravelLimitPlusPosn reached or exceeded. Motion to the Software active and active. Software SoftwareTravelLimitPlusPosn The SoftwareTravelLimitPlusActive active when the SoftwareTravelLimitPlusPosn reached or exceeded. Motion the whenever or software or exceeded. Software active and active. SP I/O Word SPConnect.DigitalIOReadWord This that the of the I/O the SP. This read-only and to the the I/O SP The SP of www.emersonct.com This the to the and found the EZ. of the offered the the should to 5V This read-only from within user SP Counter SPDriveEncRevCount This read-only the of whole that the and found the the and The this those the the SP and its option The this from of the SP SP Position SPDriveEncRevFinePosition This read-only displays the of of that the and found the of the and The this of those the the SP and its option The this from of the SP Early releases of the SM-EZMotion of high Therefore, the this displayed as SP SPDriveEncRevPosition This read-only displays the of of that the and found the of the and The this of those the the SP and its option The this from of the SP SP The that to the of the the SP. This read-only and directly from the SP The the below Not Used Not Used
10.14Direction 10.13Direction Commanded IGBT Active At Reached 10.06At 10.05Below At Below Active Healthy SP Software SPDrive.SoftwareSubVersion The SP software (or firmware) revisions displayed of the SP and This found the Information the while with EZ. that affects compatibility, that affects and that the SP Software SPDrive.SoftwareVersion The SP software (or firmware) revisions of the SP and displayed This found the Information the while with EZ. that affects compatibility, that affects and that the Feedback Selector SpeedFeedbackSelector The Feedback Selector where the feedback the connected to. Early releases of the SM-EZMotion of therefore this greyed-out the The www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion feedback connected to the SP This read-only from within The three I/O the SP as only and The the of the optional, this often to as These or the Assignments to These updated the Trajectory Rate found the EZ. Each input the SP The to reference input The to characters, with character. SPIO Direction SPIO.#.Direction The first three I/O the SP and as or EZ software. The SPIO.#.Direction to whether the I/O acts as input or this or This when the the the SP I/O SPIO The first three I/O the SP and as or EZ software. If the I/O as inputs, then the to the of inputs, or the Assignments to If assigned to the assignments when the input activates, the that assigned to This appear the Assignments the of Sources the I/O as
SPIO Each I/O the SP The user to reference I/O The to characters, with character. SPIO State The first three I/O the SP and as or EZ software. If the I/O as outputs, then the to or the Assignments to when specified Source activates. If assigned to the assignments when the activates, the that assigned to turn This appear the Assignments the of Destinations the I/O as input. SP This the EZ when reading or writing to SP the Watch These to If writing to or reading from SP the instruction instead. this instruction, MM the and PP the SP This the EZ when reading or writing to SP using the Watch These to If writing to or reading from SP the instruction instead. this instruction, MM the and PP the SP This the EZ when reading or writing to SP www.emersonct.com the Watch These to If writing to or reading from SP the instruction instead. this instruction, MM the and PP the SP ID This the EZ when reading or writing to SP the Watch These to If writing to or reading from SP the instruction instead. this instruction, MM the and PP the SP ID This the EZ when reading or writing to SP the Watch These to If writing to or reading from SP the instruction instead. this instruction, MM the and PP the SP This the EZ when reading or writing to SP the Watch These to user If writing to or reading from SP the instruction instead. this instruction, MM the and PP the SP Hrs.Min SPPowerUpTimeHoursMinutes The the to the SP. The this Years.Days and These to the This found the while with EZ. SPPowerUpTimeYearsDays SPPowerUpTimeHoursMinutes
SP SPPowerUpTimeYearsDays The the to the SP. The this Years.Days and These to the This found the while with EZ. SPPowerUpTimeYearsDays SPPowerUpTimeHoursMinutes The relay the SP The to reference output The to characters, with character. State The SP relay that to that than The the of the optional, this often to as This to the On), or assigned to Source the Assignment SP Hrs.Min SPRunTimeHoursMinutes The the that the with the Bridge the factory. The this Years.Days and These to the This found the while with EZ. SPRunTimeYearsDays SPRunTimeHoursMinutes SP SPRunTimeYearsDays The the that the and the Bridge the factory. The this Years.Days and These to the This found the while with EZ. SPRunTimeYearsDays www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion SPRunTimeHoursMinutes SP StackTemperature1 This read-only from the SP to the of the This to to (when the SM-EZMotion or rebooted). This typically to initiate or to initiate that or when the SM-EZMotion and active. as as seconds to what the assigned to, the to to the function. If the the initiate or motion. The active the SM-EZMotion Stop this to motion and If activated when Index, or they to the Stop Stop active, Home, and initiate deactivated, and active input functions (Jog.0.PlusActivate, become the Jog.PlusActivate input function active when the Stop input function deactivated, the motion initiate using the found the This Deceleration Deceleration when the Stop activated. SP Switching SwitchingFrequency This the switching the SP Higher switching high-frequency of performance This found the and within user selections this
and SM-EZMotion TotalPowerUpTime the that the SM-EZMotion the factory). The the with of This the SM-EZMotion and the switched to another Deceleration This the to the to when activated. from the Assignments or through user It to temporarily the of the SM-EZMotion activated, the SM-EZMotion or software) If the when the they already This typically when of its switches as switch. The user the then to the switch, and then the This to the It should assigned to the activated the to using the the This This to the It should assigned to the activated the to the the This Active This active when the active. www.emersonct.com Active This active when the active. This the of of that this user and the of assigning the of to that the and the the of This the of user the of the off. the as assigning the of to that the and the the of Velocity Command The Velocity Command the velocity that the SM-EZMotion commanding the to This the velocity It displayed Velocity Feedback This the feedback (or velocity. It the velocity, which the Velocity VelocityFeedforwardEnable The Velocity the velocity directly to the SP velocity the Velocity velocity (reaches velocity velocity overshoot. If motion, the Velocity should active.
Velocity VelocityLoopBandwidth The Velocity the theoretical of the velocity the to velocity command). The of this heavily the the the and the Units this VelocityUnits.TimeScale Velocity to user or throughout the software. www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion
The SP of The to functionality. function Each the using and the following (or MM.PP) of this using to the to as the MM.PP to To of the the Since advanced users to to know which the SM-EZMotion and they used, The chart the the SM-EZMotion Chart The outlined the SM-EZMotion Each outlined associated with to further the SM-EZMotion that The chart followed of each of the Used SM-EZMotion www.emersonct.com Used SM-EZMotion
I/O I/O www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion from to specified from based from to Accessed EZMotion firmware I/O I/O
Threshold PID Option Option Option Used SM-EZMotion www.emersonct.com o o o o o o o o o
Notes: 1.The SM-EZMotion reads this Software. These to the This or the function properly. This from and written to based the specified This often directly displayed and using to the every This the command from the SM-EZMotion This written to of the SM-EZMotion to write to this These written to the SM-EZMotion These written every these These the SM-EZMotion SM-I/O used. If SM-I/O used, these the functionality of the SM-I/O the These the SM-EZMotion SM-I/O used. These the functionality of the SM-I/O the higher SM-EZMotion Several associated with the SM-EZMotion option found or of and to of the which the SM-EZMotion option fitted. The following SM-EZMotion from the the SP. The that the directly which these found Option ID option the this the this displays the of the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion as shown below. Feedback SM-Universal Feedback SM-SLM Feedback Feedback SM-I/O I/O SM-Applications Applications SM-Applicaitons Applications SM-EZMotion Applications SM-Profibus DP SM-INTERBUS SM-CAN SM-CANopen the the the option of the currently EEPROM. If the with fitted, or where fitted, the To clear the follow the Clearing the instructions the section of this Option Software This the SM-EZMotion firmware that currently the It the to the EZ software. The this XX.YY where XX the and YY the revision. The released The first released A1. with of or non-released firmware. firmware testing, firmware The firmware each release that
Revision This shows the of the SM-EZMotion of that the active. of that the inactive. This the EZMotion I/O Connector. This shows the of the SM-EZMotion of that the active. of that the inactive. This the EZMotion I/O Connector. This shows the of the SM-EZMotion of that the active. of that the inactive. This the EZMotion I/O Connector. Used SM-EZMotion www.emersonct.com A1 A3 B1 Y1 Not Active Active Processing Not Active Active Processing Not Active Active Processing This shows the of the SM-EZMotion of that the active. of that the inactive. This the EZMotion I/O Connector. This shows the of the SM-EZMotion of that the active. of that the inactive. This the EZMotion I/O Connector. This shows the of the SM-EZMotion of that the active. of that the inactive. This the EZMotion I/O Connector. The to the of each of the and Motion Profiles. This the of what the SM-EZMotion commanding without EZ. There that the of This that with the graphic below to the of each process. Leading the displayed. Profile Profile Not Active Active Index Active Active Gear Active Active Active Profile Not Active Stop Active Active Active Gear Active Active Active Not Active Active Processing
would that currently and and that Profile while Profile would that and Gearing motion Profile Option The that only option each option If the written to this and the (where the of that the detected that and section of this the this cleared the option through the SM-EZMotion www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion
There to the user to or the SP and SM-EZMotion The the and such as the Watch and or of these to why properly. The following section information about each of the and The SP and SM-EZMotion of of and Following of each. action that the SP that the to inhibited therefore motion. the inhibits, the of the motor/load. action that the SM-EZMotion or SP that or the Reason SP Access SP Access SP Access The SP that trying to from SP Access The trying to write to the of SP of SP SM-EZMotion Overheat NVM SM-EZMotion to the If please factory www.emersonct.com SP to of the that the SM-EZMotion the Following of the the SM-EZMotion the SM-EZMotion to the SP that the occurred. The SP then the the causing the to The that the SP the that the SM-EZMotion located The where the that occurred The SP with the To what the the was, the to MM.50 where MM or the of the MM.50 the the that occurred. Following of the that the SM-EZMotion with and each The SP that trying to from or write to The SP that trying to write to Please the writing to Watch or SP to reading from Watch or SP to that trying to write that within of the the SP to the of the and Select switching or reduce motion performance lengthen If please factory
Reason Amount of following Following following software. switch activated, or Software switch activated, or Software SM-EZMotion allowable Motion Trajectory within than the selected Trajectory Rate Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Too instructions Overflow without to "calling" Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Loading from Memory If please factory. Corruption Factory Command Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Increase Following Increase Velocity and/or Acceleration/ Deceleration that velocity within operating of the motion to that motion to motion to that motion to Download to the SM-EZMotion software If using the instruction Index.#.Initiate instruction user that the enough that the actually the necessary Select Trajectory Rate the Trajectory Rate the to process. to PLS's, or that used. than four operations. To this, to the another instruction this information). Re-download If please factory.
Reason Math Addition Overflow user that the Math to Math Too Math of Math Too Overflow Math Subtraction Overflow math Math Overflow overflown Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Memory memory RAM Memory RAM memory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Too than of and redownloads Instructions Instruction Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory Corruption Factory EZMotion of Option selected Selection match type www.emersonct.com Math operation overflow of the written to SM-EZMotion of that the of the the following SUM Indexes or and re-download the Indexes or and the Switch located to match type selected Alternatively, the to match the type actually fitted, and then the
Reason Option selected Selection match type Option selected Selection match type Corruption Factory The SP that to The the outputs Feedback and Active this the To the to the of the to the SP or Advanced Watch the Watch The Watch while with the SM-EZMotion www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion EZMotion While TRUE supply If this the attached to the too SM-EZMotion the Source of the or to through through they Once the Source to the SM-EZMotion to write the of the SM-EZMotion to the Below of this process. The Watch allows the user to the of of their location. of the Watch found Switch located to match type selected Alternatively, the to match the type actually fitted, and then the Switch located to match type selected Alternatively, the to match the type actually fitted, and then the of connected to the SM-EZMotion that they than
Watch To the Watch Watch from the If with the Watch greyed-out choice the selecting Watch the Select appear. The Select as allows the to specify which to the Watch To the Watch once the and to the Watch The already the Watch highlighted the Select Select Once to the Watch its or constantly monitored. If the or to It hasn't of seconds. seconds, the back to This allows the to what recently without directly every The following of the buttons and the Select Clear clicking the Clear of the the Watch Selections clicking Selections, the www.emersonct.com the that to the Watch Once the selections the Selections to the the the the Watch Therefore, there of helpful the user wishes to when those and the Watch The Selections clicking the Selections the Watch with the of that the Selections Select The Select the commonly to the Watch Select I/O The Select I/O the and and to the Watch The the Select while the Watch The associated the Watch The the that the If to the while the advanced If to the advanced to the If to Too then the the This allows the to the they with to If selected and the then the selected selected. The allows the to the that the Select group. The to "ALL" that from If the wishes to only those from group, the the and the of they to The the active or If when activates, appear that shows the active There buttons the that allow the to clear and or and the of the shown
SM-EZMotion The that the as the with Years.Days and Hours.Minutes with the the the the that each occurred. The of information to the such as Motion and Velocity Feedback, and The found the of the shows the location The to clearly the information. shows of the www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion Profile Motion The first of the It whether the or and which and motion active. The shows what motion currently Profile The third shows what motion currently Profile The fourth shows the Feedback and Feedback Velocity user The shows the If with the Connected. If offline, the Disconnected. If Disconnected, of the other of the functional. Where I? The Where found the allows the to what of user currently processed. To the Where I, the the arrow to the of the that processed. information the Where I, to Section of this or of the feedback information displayed The when with the SM-EZMotion The found the and displays feedback and the of the Profile Motion and Velocity Feedback
of the that related to that when with the Clearing SM-EZMotion SM-EZMotion the first the SP (where the that the SM-EZMotion This the the type the This each the To the follow the instructions below. the the when the to to from If the advanced then the automatically. function The the as follows: the MM.00, where MM Press the www.emersonct.com /R Clearing the SM-EZMotion memory The SM-EZMotion function that allows the to clear the memory. Doing the the To the as follows: to the Press the to the Press the to to AC from the SP to the SP the clear memory the SM-EZMotion (where the that the SM-EZMotion The the SM-EZMotion indicating that the Download EZ to clear the
www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion
EZ software the and of the from Definition (.DDF The of (or the EZ and located the directory as the EZ software. The of Another Spmotor.ddf, with EZ that the his/her motors. The the wishes to the to the those users with with and MDS the those NOT and Spmotor.ddf. The reason that the that the the SP that that the and MDS Also, of the Phase and/or the SP than the or MDS. Editing the The Spmotor.DDF with as It and edited with text such as text to the to of the to This right-clicking the to edited, and then selecting With from the the With the text software to completed the to the You to the edited as and If the with as Creating Custom www.emersonct.com Creating Custom Information Definition Information of that The of sections the and the Definition Following of the Section The header includes the and information with count of included the Revision This and the EZ software installation. This to the NameCount The NameCount the of the four the this should to which EZ to the first four the [Definition] revision=0x4132 nameCount=2 [Motor0] name=User1 peakCurrent=9.73 phaseResistance=2.9 phaseInductanceSP=3.7 maxOperatingSpeed=3000 thermalTimeConstant=400 [Motor1] peakCurrent phaseResistance phaseInductanceSP maxOperatingSpeed thermalTimeConstant
Definition Section The section the and of or user motors. The of the the match the The with which the used. Therefore, the with Abbreviated the The below shows the each of each. DDF Units that appears N/A Not currently N/A peakCurrent rating Continuous rating of N/A phaseResistance phaseInductanceSP Inductance Velocity RPM thermalTimeConstant Thermal Phase ID each to the of user The where XX the indicating the The first the [Motor0]. each to the the ID The to characters and with alpha character character). This the that appear the the EZ. This early releases of EZ. the specified to the to through specified and include the character. More information this to Initially, from 200V or 400V If the EZ when or existing this to UploadedMotor. www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion peakCurrent the allowed the The to Amps The typically the If that the than the the actually the than the specified the allowed the It to the SP and The the to the based the capacity. The to Amps The typically the If (meaning that the than the the actually the than the specified the of the The to The typically the information. This the of the The to The SM-EZMotion this to the found the specified as ratio of reflected to the of the The The this RMS when the rotated RPM. The to The typically the phaseResistance the phase of the You this the phase and ground with The to The typically the phaseResistance This the as the phaseResistance found the this from phaseInductanceSP the phase inductance of the This the inductance measured from phase to ground and NOT phase-to-phase. The to
maxOperatingSpeed the operating of the It the to the Velocity Command. The this to RPM. thermalTimeConstant the Thermal of the This the SP thermal protection of the The the of the using that The function of the Thermal the reaches the or other information the Thermal please to the SP Advanced and This the of the and the of VVW backEMF when rotating the the clockwise Reference the clockwise the front of the SP Advanced information and Follow the below to the user properly. Once the and EZ SM-EZMotion the branch, and the On the Drive/Encoder the from the Click the the of the On the that of the match the the If match, then the reasons, to that the below specified correctly. Inductance Creating Custom www.emersonct.com Continuous
www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion
Microsecond, which seconds. Amps. Amplifier ARMS Amps Mean (RMS). The to SM-EZMotion with SP AWG American Rate The of such as RS-232. character usually that the On or with the On displays when the option buttons, boxes each other; On or of the others. Motion of motion commands and instructions that repeatable operation. the SM-EZMotion the motion functional assignments and Compound Motion The of which the of the first to the velocity of the secondary The first initiated within (Index.#.CompoundInitiate). The user-created It as or to the SM-EZMotion It includes the assignments and CRC the checking www.emersonct.com Destination function Stop, that assigned to input SM-EZMotion, the input function connected to the action through and operations Software the Assignment that appears to information from the the the information, the DIN DLL Microsoft of that to as Downloading The of of from FM to or amplifier. EEPROM EEPROM Electrically Read-Only Memory; that its both recorded and they when EMC The relative immunity of to the effects of EMI Interference EMI which, when coupled The firmware to software that such as read-only memory (ROM). Another type of EEPROM. the SM-EZMotion this the firmware the and function field the firmware. FM Function which attached to the front of the to functionality.
Where that which of which Routine The motion which the precisely with of with input, the to its the input the that the The of to increasing input input I/O The reception and of information I/O switches, relays, which or off or that flow, motion motion that the or to The property of to velocity acted force. Higher to and the and of the Function function Stop, that assigned to input the input function connected to the action through and operations Software the Assignment The terminals of or to which applied. of the or Least The that the least or the least LED Light the front of and function www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion which the user choose of items, such as or the which of MB MODBUS Communication The follows the outlined the Reference PI-MBNS-300 Revision G, November SM-EZMotion The that the or that the Millisecond, which of second. NVM Memory. NVM specifically as the change. It to through NTC Negative Option Opto-isolated of from of to another without the of ground The optically with light (usually Light and light (usually photosensitive These isolation. Function The terminals which from or The or relay or read/write that and the operation. These the
PC Computer. PE Protective Earth. PID that the that closed-loop PLC known as these and based software to interface with the SM-EZMotion known as the Option of which chosen The chosen and the others white. Choosing with the the other buttons the to cleared. RAM RAM Random-Access Memory, which memory whereby location memory found, as as other location. Commonly to Read-Write memory, as to Read-Only Memory (ROM, EPROM, EEPROM, Flash). RAM its RMS Mean Squared. the RMS to the of steady which would the heating of ROM ROM Read-Only Memory. ROM instructions that to such as of the operating RPM with of This achieved information as of and www.emersonct.com Source The terminals which from or The that switch or the software. The of force, of its to torsion and about Uploading The of of from to FM. Units of to allow user to specify which type of and specify motion and VAC that boolean, input function, and VDC Direct Velocity The of Portion of within Microsoft Microsoft operating that graphical interface, memory and The and the user to and choices.
www.emersonct.com SM-EZMotion