Tons, Precision Cooling Business-Critical Continuity
MPORTANT AFETY NSTRUCTIONS RODUCT ODEL NFORMATION NTRODUCTION to Match and to TANDARD EATURES ON YSTEMS SectionSplit Unit SectionSplit Units Units Water/Glycol Units. Chilled Water Units Other PTIONAL ACTORY -I NSTALLED EATURES VAPORATOR /C HILLED ATER NITS Switches and Optional ConfigurationsProp Units. Optional ConfigurationsWater/Glycol Units Optional ConfigurationsChilled Water Units HIP -L OOSE CCESSORIES F IELD -I NSTALLED Remote and Detection ITE REPARATION AND NSTALLATION Considerations Preparation. Location Considerations Unit Inspection the Units Coupled Installations Distribution. and Coolant Air-Cooled Unit Considerations. Ducting TABLE OF CONTENTS
Air-Cooled Unit Installation. Location Considerations. and Unit Installation. Location Considerations. Optional Free-Cooling Water Reheat Completed ICROPROCESSOR C ONTROL Active Setback C/F DIP Switch With Chilled Water CW with Chilled Water Common Custom Custom Custom Text On and higher) YSTEM ERFORMANCE ICROPROCESSOR C ONTROLS Cooling/Heating Cooling Operation Direct and Chilled Heating Operation Dehumidification/Humidification Dehumidification Operation, Direct (DX) Humidification
LARMS Definitions and Troubleshooting Custom High Head Humidity High Water of Short Optional/Custom High YSTEM PERATION ESTING AND AINTENANCE Testing Heating Humidification Dehumidification Remote Shutdown. and Blower Blower Procedures Steam Humidifier-Operation Procedures AINTENANCE NSPECTION C HECKLIST ROUBLESHOOTING Air-cooled Air-cooled Water/glycol-cooled Chilled Wall-box. Free-cooling Air-cooled Water/glycol cooled FIGURES
Chilled Threaded and coupled installation. air-cooled and air-cooled with or air-cooled DimensionsAir-cooled DimensionsAir-cooled high and water/glycol with water/glycol cooled Optional free-cooling Optional reheat (two-way Wall Wall board. bypass. Table Table Application and Application and air-cooled Application cooled Table Unit Table Table Recommended and to charge Table charges of Table and Table air-cooled Table high and air-cooled Table Night and setback Table and allowable Table and allowable switch board) Switch board) Table Cooling and of Table Typical board DIP switch Troubleshooting. TABLES
MPORTANT AFETY NSTRUCTIONS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS This instructions that should the and of the this thoroughly to or this properly trained and should or service this to and operating and instructions the and this Follow installation, and instructions and and and WARNING and shock Disconnect and wear protective NFPA 70E within to comply serious or death. Customer earth ground to NEC, CEC and as proceeding with installation, instructions, that the included and the to the matches The from the the Unit and the Unit The of the switch the front of the high The to that there NO the to and switch and the internal supply with to schematic. Follow and WARNING of from high-pressure Can or death. This and high with WARNING of or from Can or death. If with the the and and the high shutoff the and the from protection. WARNING of high-speed Can or death. and switches, with that and the blower, and the CAUTION of with Can The and reheats operation. Allow them to cool within the and wear protective and protection when or and reheats. Instructions
CAUTION of and Can properly trained and wearing headgear, and should to the from or the installation. NOTICE of Can and building and service from the mount this or that with the cooling and the mounted Route the to that and reported to people to flowing from the secondary Emerson and supply and the secondary and/or and that they free NOTICE of to and/or Can and building Cooling and that connected to cooling or other water/glycol high and these the and to and The or water/glycol treatment to establish the The or analyzed months to the of The complexity of water-caused and their correction to the of treatment and follow NOTICE of from Can of the and height to below the and/or to NOTICE of Can the upright, and protected from and Instructions
RODUCT ODEL NFORMATION C R-407C DX Air-cooled 95F Switch Switch Capacity 460V 575V C 208V 230V M= 380/415V Canister Remote Canister Remote Reheat Reheat SCR Reheat (N/A with Free-Cooling) C Unit C Air-cooled Unit R-407C Free-Cooling Static Blower, High Static Blower, Disconnect Switch Switch Capacity 460V 575V 208/230V 380/415V Product Information Clog C High-Temperature Clog Clog High-Temperature High-Temperature High
Air-cooled Water/glycol-cooled PFH Unit PFH R-407C Air-Cooled Unit C Coated C Water/Glycol-Cooled Unit High High Sound Capacity, 95F (35C) 105F (41C) 460V 575V 208/230V 380/415V C Unit Switch Switch Capacity Product Information R-407C 460V 575V 208/230V 380/415V
Chilled Chilled Water Chilled Water On/Off) Chilled Water Chilled Water Table Capacity Cooling Unit Tons MMD60E MCD65A PFH067A MCD69W Tons MMD92C Contained Chilled Water Capacity Cooling Unit MMD59E MCD64A PFH066A MCD68W Tons M= Switch Switch C C 460V 575V C 208V 230V M= 380/415V =Canister Remote Canister Remote Static Blower, High Static Blower, Air-Cooled Air-Cooled Air-Cooled Air-Cooled Water/Glycol MMD91C Self-Contained Chilled Water Capacity C Chilled Water Reheat Water Reheat Clog C High-Temperature Clog Clog High-Temperature High-Temperature High-Temperature Unit Unit Product Information
NTRODUCTION to Match and to the Precision Cooling the cooling, and of and to The easy to Advanced allows easy, and of operation through the LCD readout. These features, combined with Emerson and from through operation. Precision Cooling Precision Cooling to the and other The around-the-clock and the high heat ratio The with or or self-contained, Each thermostat-type to and Optional sweat with field to Service Low-maintenance easily through front Emerson inventory and Advanced and and touch-sensitive buttons, the wall-mounted allows to and and other High Efficiency High heat and allow the to efficiently. the required. The family to the reliability. include high-efficiency and Agency Listed CSA to the harmonized U.S. and CSA C22.2 236/UL Heating and Cooling and with the CSA Location locations, that these and that to below. mount these field-supplied with beneath cooling and mount where operating sound might the Introduction C US
TANDARD EATURES ON YSTEMS SectionSplit The section installation. The and chassis constructed of heavy The serviced increasing its mounting locations. Mounting factory-attached to the insulation ASHRAE Growth, tested UL ASTM The section includes the R-407C charge, factory-mounted switch, blower assembly and with wall-mounted The with supply and field-supplied ducting. with and/or reheat. or selected each Unit SectionSplit Units Air-Cooled Units include factory-mounted switch, R-407C charge, blower assembly, high-pressure switch, Lee-Temp head and Unit mounted to with from -30F to 95F (-34C to 35C). Units Units include R-407C charge, high switch, Lee-Temp head and bypass. locations with operating from -30F to 95F (-34C to 35C). Water/Glycol Units Water/Glycol Units includes R-407C charge, factory-mounted bypass, high head switch and or cooling Chilled Water Units Chilled Water Units installation. The and chassis of heavy The serviced using only increasing its mounting locations. Mounting factory-attached to the insulation ASHRAE Growth, tested UL ASTM Chilled self-contained and include blower, factory-mounted switch and slow-close close-off Features5 Ton
include board mounted the and wall-mounted interface with 16-character On/Off and below the LCD It and and of humidity, and The field-wired to the four-conductor thermostat (field-supplied). The and the which to from the The unit-mounted board includes terminals and shutdown The Wall-box Other setback Predictive protection Common shutdown terminals Features5 Ton
PTIONAL ACTORY -I NSTALLED EATURES VAPORATOR /C HILLED ATER NITS Reheat Reheat includes reheat with high switch. SCR Reheat SCR and software to cooling with of the reheat to Reheat capacity to offset the cooling capacity. (The SCR Reheat free-cooling or 575V Water Reheat includes and Y-strainer. The Canister includes type with flushing and annunciates the wall-mounted Remote allows the to the to the from the with or without internal the and activates and the This to function as or that or High-Temperature the and the reaches 125F (52C). This to fire that or Switches and Motors Clog the and activates and the The annunciates the and flashes reaching Factory-Installed Non-Fused Switch allows to turned off switch the and these specified without the switch. Blower high to to NOTE This option only with other reheat Optional Factory-Installed Evaporator/Chilled Water Units
Free-Cooling Free-cooling option includes cooling three-way slow-close and supply and Free-cooling activated when the reaches field-adjustable typically 45F (7C). The rated Air-cooled matched with free-cooling with to as cooling. matched with three-way recommended the to to the supply The closed-loop properly treated and Not with SCR reheat Free-cooling Free-cooling option: cooling allows the to of and operation. the below 45F (7C), cooling switches to free-cooling operation. with air-cooled Optional ConfigurationsProp Units Units the following optional High top to 105F (40C). (below and to 95F (35C). phenolic-coated areas. Optional ConfigurationsWater/Glycol Units Water/Glycol Units with the following options: with Three-way with Three-way with NOTE If free-cooling to tower, optional to or heat the from the free-cooling The Optional Factory-Installed Evaporator/Chilled Water Units Drycooler Water Cooling Water/Glycol
Optional ConfigurationsChilled Water Units Chilled Water Units with the following slow-close, rated return. rated operating close-off Three-way rated operating return. Optional Factory-Installed Evaporator/Chilled Water Units
HIP -L OOSE CCESSORIES F IELD -I NSTALLED includes with and the supply MERV efficiency ASHRAE with The with mounting field-mounting ductwork and field-wired to the secondary field-wired to the high Mounting Bracket mounting the of the instead of the easy and of the Remote and include mounted attractive with of the and the and mounted the high reheat and The include instructions and to to the the reheat with free-cooling. sweat suction and that allow of field-supplied, interconnecting the to the high sections of close-coupled and Remote and Detection The RCM4 normally One Form-C, relay (rated 24VAC, 3A) provided. the respective and the front switch. The RCM4 24VAC or 24VDC supply included. The AC4 and to four within The AC4 and relay built-in LCD and RS-232 options and of the The AC4 24VAC input The AC8 coordinated of with The AC8 of and Supports four and the (TW420) each relays such as Emergency input relay built-in LCD and RS-232 options and of the The ENV-DO interface to and of The ENV-DO-ENCL1 DO interface its and the ENV-DO-ENCL2 DO interface to the The self-contained includes provided. and field-provided. The Detection the of of gold-plated mounted painted, height-adjustable Form-C, relays (rated 24VAC, 3A) as as of and The 24VAC or 24VDC LT460 Detection include LT460 specified of and of The LT460 24VAC, 0.12A such as EXT-XFMR or XFMR24. Ship-Loose AccessoriesField-Installed
SiteScan that to effectively the to business. from Precision Cooling and Protection as as other of or to software that and to with both and such as those telecommunications or Emerson with The NIC-ENCL1 and NIC-ENCL2 or Cards with respectively, to the The Card with with the SNMP, HTTP, RTU and IP. The self-contained includes as provided. and field-provided. Ship-Loose AccessoriesField-Installed
ITE REPARATION AND NSTALLATION Considerations The mounted the the to conditioned. Ducted located to and The Air-Cooled Unit mounted or coupled to the the Air-Cooled Unit. Water/Glycol Cooled Unit, mounted or coupled to the Application and of Conditions to Unit Relative to to C to C) *Unit these to these Application and air-cooled Units -30F (-34C) 120F (49C) Unit Table Application water/glycol cooled C) C) below C) reduced and Preparation The should insulated and sealed The the and and should or plastic. or fresh should to when tight and required. to the cooling, heating, and of the should properly sealed to and should NOTE whether building to and follow and to the of clearances. Air-Cooled Unit NOTE The the the -20F (-29C) 115F (46C) Preparation and
Considerations CAUTION of Can and building mount or that with the cooling and mounted water-cooled Route the to that and to people to flowing from the secondary the This allow easy or service. (such as to the housing, as they with the or service. Air-cooled Ducted Unit NOTE NOT mount where operating sound the NOTE and located the the where DOES NOT directly the Unit Ducted Air-Cooled Unit Preparation and Unit
Water/glycol cooled Water/Glycol Water/Glycol Unit Unit Ducted Remote Water/Glycol Unit Chilled Unit Table Unit Cooling Units Units to with cooling or reheat Chilled Water Ducted Remote Chilled Water Source MMD60E MMD59E MMD92C MMD91C MCD65A MCD64A MCD69W MCD68W Cooling Ducted Remote Water/Glycol Unit Preparation and Drycooler
Inspection the arrives, to its location. and shipped corrugated If when the to the shipper immediately. If to the shipper and to the Units WARNING of and heavy Can building serious or death. that the of the of the and the and service. Unit Securely anchor the top of the and that tight. The and mounted the and securely mounted to the The and of existing buildings reinforcements. to follow and building field-supplied threaded and factory Recommended clearance and building height three inches the four field-supplied them from building the that they with the four mounting the that of the base. that rated the weight of the Unit the and the threaded through the four mounting the that of the base. the threaded to the the and The isolation. the to these that the of the the four the and the to the Coupled If the and to mounted coupled), each connecting them together the and the and four of the and tighten them as and Coolant Distribution The optional mounts directly to the of the The with and the supply MERV efficiency ASHRAE NOTE The to properly. NOTE the without Preparation and
Ducted or cloth to to the and to the of to building Insulation of to the cooling The of to absorption of from the surrounding the insulation. If the or to sound-absorbing insulation should the Duct should and with and Turns Additional such as free-cooling reheat or high efficiency reduce and Coolant NOTICE the This the The located to The should the of the The includes switch to operation becomes The optional when the below the of the Water Units with the optional to flow shut-off should this to isolate the Blower Static, Static, of the and overflowing the Can building and the This already factory-installed the This or other the NOTE NOT supply front of Preparation and
Chilled Water On service shut-off the supply and of each These shut-off service or isolation of the Chilled supply and insulated. them of the supply and to the The 42F (5.5C). OD Water/Glycol and as specified the installation instructions. R-407C insulated suction and the and the WARNING of of high Can serious injury. with piping/connections. the suction and coupling the together the optional sweat and the should with high should testing, and charging of the The should isolated from the building the of To when and to reduce to around the the the suction should the This the off the the the and to the Table Recommended Suction Length, Suction and based each and suction >1000FPM Table OD, Elbow Elbow Elbow of this Preparation and
Suction Unit Unit Table and to Tons recommended Suction and specialty items when and/or installation than below the Emerson Application Charge only or and effective operation, to and Coolant Pitch Pitch NOTE If field installed, to the PFH PFH Length, NOTE below the the suction should with to the height of the This to the off recommended to recommended below Unit Suction Unit recommended the of and of Preparation and
Units and Table R-407C, MM*60E MM*59E MM*60K MM*59K MC*65A MC*64A MC*69W MC*68W PFH067A-_L7 PFH066A-_L7 PFH067A-_H7 PFH066A-_H7 PFHZ67A-_L7 PFHZ66A-_L7 and factory-charged with If field-supplied installed, to Table to the charge. Table charges of O.D., when the through the following the and coupling and threaded with cloth. the and synthetic with Thread the coupling together to that the threads properly. Tighten the coupling and with the wrench the coupling or or from the coupling to the Tighten the the of the shows the coupling This necessary to that the to and O.D. Coupling R-407C, Suction NOTE used, and connecting Preparation and
Optional Duct when Optional MODULE DIMENSIONAL DATA Customer-Supplied Threaded from Threaded Duct Bracket Threaded OPTIONAL FILTER BOX Preparation and Access each Indicates Recommended Clearance of Access and DPN000218
Threaded and Washer shipped from the factory with completed. to when to the supply to each WARNING and shock and wear protective NFPA 70E within to comply serious or death. The isolate from the the Unit and the Unit The of the switch the front of the high The to that there NO the to and switch and the internal supply wires with the and the the and the board. Threaded (field-supplied) Washer Preparation and Unit
and and ground with the National (NEC) and to Unit WARNING of Can overheating of wire, and fire building and serious or death. only. that tight. with the specified the If field switch required, to the to of the This with to the that when mounting the switch. Route the service through the the and terminate the the factory or switch, L1, L2, L3. earth ground to to other than pre-wired optional that coupled and Coolant This should mounted the the the instructions included with the field-supplied, VAC) the and the with the National (NEC) Class cooled to the and Class Water/Glycol the and the allow the of than to the The contained the housing, the factory-supplied Additional includes other optional and (thermostat type) connected the and the Preparation and
Customer Remote 24V Class to TB1-1, TB1-2 and TB1-3. Remote to TB3-1,2,3,4 with field-supplied thermostat shielded/jacketed: from Emerson or others). Unit terminals GND, +5V, T-, T+ connected to terminals Remote Wall TB4-1(+) TB4-2(-) of wire, from Emerson or others) to optional Remote Unit Shutdown. existing TB1-4 and TB1-5 with normally closed switch VA field-supplied 24V Class switch when factory switch optional back of Earth Ground field-supplied earth grounding high-volt Field-supplied, field-wired thermostat to Field-supplied 24V (NEC Class to High-Volt service terminals Preparation and 24V Class to located field Factory-installed switch Optional Switch to TB1-8 and TB1-9. Heat Rejection 24V NEC cooled from TB2-1, the Fan/Coil to Wires the 24V GND 24V High (OPT) Common 24V Class to TB1-6 and TB1-7. service Emerson NOTES: to sheet and ratings. of GA to or to Drycooler/Circulating TB70-71. Optional field-supplied 24V Class wire. DPN000221
Unit Unit Units) Unit Close-Coupled and Unit Preparation and Unit (Right)
Air-Cooled Unit Location Considerations The air-cooled located the or If of concern, the should located from Normal operating sound objectionable the areas. To mount the the to the Units to and to when to and ratings. The its and earth ground, with switch to the connected the and the and and the the the and and Coolant Ducting operation CFM CMH) Considerations ductwork or cloth to ductwork to the and to to the the ductwork to the the the and ductwork that the to the that through or exposed to where insulated. Ductwork should Ductwork should directly to the building installations, the that the directed the of Considerations Applications where the as the heat rejection the directed from the and to the of the to service the of feet from to reduced and performance. If the from the of the should the as the to the of insects, or the directing the or NOTE Follow and and NOTE to and Preparation and
air-cooled and Field-supplied threaded from Threaded NOTE: Unit reference to threaded threaded each to location Suction location routing high-voltage Threaded AIR-COOLED DIMENSIONAL DATA low-voltage Preparation and clearance of and Bracket high-voltage DPN000225
air-cooled AIR COOLED Heat Rejection Field-supplied 24V NEC Class from 24V GND 24V High (OPT) NOTES: to and ratings. of 16GA to or to DPN000226 24V NEC Class Unit and Fan/Coil Unit Earth Grounding Access Unit Switch when Factory Unit Disconnect Switch Preparation and Service Emerson Factory-Installed Switch
with or air-cooled AIR-COOLED Suction Coupling CHILLED WATER sweat with field FACTORY PIPING Close-coupling option with MCD. recommended and High-Pressure Switch Injection Suction Coupling Injection Service Access Coupling Coupling Chilled Water Chilled Water Shutoff Hose Head Chilled Water Chilled Water Preparation and SAE (MCD) or Atmospheric (PFH) Sight Chilled Water (Optional) Chilled Water Chilled Water FIELD PIPING DPN000215
Air-Cooled Unit Location Considerations To satisfactory supply, air-cooled from and that the located the of or or than inches from obstruction or where heavy and locations. The should located security and accessibility. ground-level with access. base, of the of the The should least inches higher than the surrounding and inches than the of the base. areas, of height to clear DimensionsAir-cooled Rotation Counteclockwise clearance of air-cooled PFH067A-L PFH066A-L NOTE Follow and and C clearance of front and to and and to Preparation and (Right) Access to Right clearance of DPN000130
DimensionsAir-cooled high and Height clearance of flow Table high and air-cooled PFH067A- PFH066A- PFHZ67A- PFHZ66A-L and Coolant and to when The its and earth ground, with switch (field supplied) to isolate the Field-supplied wires the and the and the the wires the and Top front to high-voltage and and to Preparation and Right clearance of flow clearance of and DPN000131
and Unit Location Considerations The located the or If of concern, the should located from Normal operating sound objectionable the areas. To mount the the to the Units to and to when to and ratings. from the to the cooled to the and and Coolant Water/Glycol Considerations service shut-off the supply and to each This service and/or isolation of the the that easily serviced should the supply These the service of the Unit The PSI and PSI high to and of this customary Water/Glycol cooled include flow that factory-adjusted and should and high differently. Emersons Cooling NOTE Follow and and Preparation and
NOTE: Unit spaced reference to threaded each Bracket recommended clearance of and WATER/GLYCOL DIMENSIONAL DATA Suction location location low-voltage DPN000227 Access Threaded Threaded threaded from routing. Preparation and OD CU Water/Glycol OD Water/Glycol
field WATER/GLYCOL Heat Rejection Field-supplied 24V NEC Class from 24V GND 24V High (OPT) Remote Drycooler 24V NEC Class only) NOTES: to and ratings. DPN000228 of 16GA to or to Unit Switch when Factory Unit Switch Service Emerson Factory-Installed Switch 24V NEC Class to Fan/Coil Unit 24V NEC Class to Drycooler only) Access Preparation and Earth Grounding
with water/glycol cooled Suction Coupling Optional Free-Cooling The free-cooling secondary located of the DX The free-coiling the as the DX factory-mounted to the free- cooling If the than the (usually 45F [7.2C]), the to allow to the free-cooling and the off. If the the the (bypasses) and the To from building the free-cooling factory-set to every On water-cooled the free-cooling field to the within the High-Pressure Switch Injection Suction Coupling Injection Service Access Coupling Coupling FIELD PIPING FACTORY PIPING sweat with field Close-coupling option with MCD. recommended operation and NOTE If the free-cooling to tower, CU/NI type to of the or heat the from the free-cooling Water/Glycol From Unit To Unit Shutoff Hose Preparation and Tube-in-Tube Water/Glycol Water From Unit Water (Optional) To Unit DPN000214 Tube-in-Tube
Optional free-cooling From Unit From Unit Shutoff* To Unit FIELD PIPING NOTE: RECOMMENDED PIPING FOR UNITS WITH FREE-COOLING COIL OPTION AND WATER/GLYCOL CONDENSER. Emerson recommended operation and Water Reheat Building to factory-installed reheat located of the cooling factory-installed reheat. Optional reheat Free-Cooling To Unit Water Water To Unit From Unit Shutoff* FACTORY PIPING reheat Emerson recommended and Free-Cooling Shutoff* Water Reheat DPN000219 Preparation and Water (Optional) FACTORY PIPING DPN000219 Water FIELD PIPING
Completed clearance service around the and mounting tight. completed to or required). charge required). required). connected and Water supply connected to required). Route to allow with cooling and ceiling-mounted Ducting completed. to matches completed switch, and including earth ground. or completed to and required, including to wall-mounted and optional DIP switches based tight. from and around and freely without Inspect operations. Correct as from switch. Preparation and
ICROPROCESSOR C ONTROL The the features easy to LCD The features and this section. information concerning Performance and provided. To the ON, the ON/OFF (I/O) applied. To turn the OFF, the ON/OFF (I/O) disconnected. The following to through the as prompted the LCD On or (top to the to setback (top UP ARROWIncreases the of displayed while (top right). allows user to back to previous (top right). this the If this when text appear DOWN ARROWDecreases the of displayed while near right). ENTER to the information the right). Wall Active the LCD and sound To the Silence/Help as prompted the DIP switch and other selections factory testing of and based typical operating (Other selections to options included with MAKE ADJUSTMENTS TO THE FACTORY DEFAULT SELECTIONS ONLY IF THEY DO NOT MEET YOUR SPECIFICATIONS. Allowable the to The normally shown includes the humidity, active functions (cooling, heating, and active The selected from the
Press the MENU to the The selections the following SETPOINTS STATUS ACTIVE ALARMS TIME DATE SETBACK SETUP OPERATION SET PASSWORD SETUP PASSWORD CALIBRATE SENSOR ALARM ENABLE ALARM TIME DELAY COM ALARM ENABLE CUSTOM ALARMS CUSTOM TEXT DIAGNOSTICS END OF MENU the UP and DOWN arrows to through the selections; when ready to function and memory. Selecting SETPOINTS from the the following selections: TEMPERATURE SETPOINT TEMPERATURE SENSITIVITY HUMIDITY SETPOINT HUMIDITY SENSITIVITY HIGH TEMPERATURE ALARM LOW TEMPERATURE ALARM HIGH HUMIDITY ALARM LOW HUMIDITY ALARM through this the and arrows, then to function. To and the and to the the to the to the from the Press to to SETPOINTS the and arrows. Press to TEMP SETPOINT using the and arrows. Press the and to the Press
Table and allowable C) C) RH RH C) High C) High RH Humidity RH The the heating, cooling, and of the selecting the STATUS Active The the selecting ALARMS which or XX of YY and If than activated, the UP or DOWN arrow to through the (XX reference the of the shown, while the YY reference the of activated). The clock to allow the setback The clock the 24-hour as To the to the function, then the and to the first character, to then the or arrows to the character, to THERE IS BATTERY BACKUP FOR THE DATE AND TIME FEATURES. The to allow setback To the then the and to the first character, to the and to the character, Setback The and setback. and The following to setback Night and setback Humidity
Selecting from the the following selections: RESTART TIME DELAY C/F DEGREES HUMIDITY CONTROL METHOD SHOW DIPSWITCH CW FLUSH VALVE TIME the and arrows to through the Press to function. This function to the If the should to to from to seconds to seconds). the to the from restarting when restored. this the restarted manually the ON/OFF the C/F The selected to readings and (F) or (C). To the to this function, then the and to the Press to the The or (predictive) If relative selected, the RH directly from the RH If selected, the RH whenever from the predictive The LCD both of If the selected, the reading shown. the predictive the RH each the and the Unnecessary when overcooling This to higher than RH reading caused overcooling the (about RH each of overcooling). This the when the and the to the the RH reading The RH reading then than actually If the enough, the RH enough to the If the selected, over-dehumidification overcooling causing increase the RH reading) the what the RH when the and to the This allows the to the Predictive greatly reduce both compressor/reheat operation. the UP or DOWN arrow to the DIP Switch This function shows the of the DIP switches, which located the board the Switch ON and Switch OFF. information the DIP switches and their Table
With Chilled Water This function shows the of the This the the to from to It from to seconds; factory seconds and should The the to the the seconds and cooling the seconds to CW with Chilled Water This function shows the which the The factory and from (hours) which to flush, to (hours) which to hours of If the the to within the the to The active when the turned off, to the the reaches the the to that collected the and allowable Function to C or C/F Relative or to seconds CW to hours The the to three when to The includes and The allows the to first the the factory and The function security that authorized allowed to to the (If unauthorized the and should selected). The function DIP switch the to OFF, then to the The and selecting the CALIBRATE SENSORS The 5F, while the RH. the the shown RH, though selected. If selected, the Normal the reading. This reading with the reading while If the to and to the increasing the If the located too to the they Another reducing to increase the and/or
Each or the and arrows to to or Press to the change. the NOT to the or to the relay. with causing the to amount of seconds) the Table the The the amount of the the sound. If the prematurely, the and the (seconds) Custom Custom High High Short of Common Each selected to or the relay. If the function to the relay immediately as the annunciated and when the If the completely Disabled, the the relay. the and arrows to to the to then the to or NOTE The high-water automatically the the optional factory-installed wired to off the of the NOTE software such as of and the should the factory of
Custom The selected from of or the write his/her MAXIMUM OF TWO ALARM MESSAGES CAN BE CUSTOMIZED. The initially the The text selecting Custom To the text the would to or the and arrows, through the of below) and the and Custom WATER FLOW LOSS SMOKE DETECTED LOSS OF AIR FLOW HUMIDIFIER PROBLEM FILTER CLOG Custom Text To the CUSTOM TXT. Then CUS TXT or CUS TXT Text to characters and or of the following characters and A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H,I,J,K,L,M,N,O,P,Q,R,S,T,U,V,W,X,Y,Z or the and to character, then The to the where once the and arrows to another character, LCD The of to the of the LCD screw, the to the Memory information memory. and the EEPROM.
Switches options selected and using DIP switches through These located the TB1. These switches factory-set and should The and function of the switches individually the LCD Table switch board) Switch OFF ON Chilled Water Reheat SCR Reheat CW Not Used Not Used Reheat Reheat Reheat Table Switch board) Switch OFF ON Not Used Used Not Used Used Not Used Not Used Used Not Used Not Used Not Used Setback Setback On and higher) selecting inputs, and of the board from the of the and the without operation. With the and the the input displayed the following High Water Normally off High Water active. High Head Normally off High head active. Custom Normally off this active. Custom Normally off this active. Normally turned off through the or of the following optional High High Water or Remote Shutdown NOTE to the switch off, then from the switch.
this selected, the effectively off. from to the the turned off. The On and selecting ENTER. Once turned the off or the function exited selecting MENU/ESC to seconds On to NOTICE The as follows: Normal Normal Cool: HGBP: Reheat: Reheat Common Common relay selecting this function, the seconds. the the the ROM ROM and firmware of overheating the the Can Testing the than seconds the the the than troubleshooting. NOTICE of the troubleshooting. Can to DO NOT the than troubleshooting NOTE with loads.
50%RH NO ALARMS Active Setback Common Custom Custom Text of Heat Cool Active or of High Head Setback TD C/F New PSW PSW New PSW PSW Custom Custom High High Short Custom Custom High High Short Common Water Head Custom Custom High High Short Custom Custom Custom Custom Text Custom Text Custom Text
Wall TB3 TB3 TB3 TB3 TB2-4 TB2-3 High Head TB2-2 Heat Rejection TB2-1 Heat Rejection TB1-9 TB1-8 TB1-7 Common TB1-6 Common TB1-5 Remote Shutdown TB1-4 Remote Shutdown TB1-3 Customer TB1-2 Customer TB1-1 Customer TB3-4 to TB3 of Wall TB3-3 to TB3 of Wall TB3-2 to TB3 of Wall TB3-1 to TB3 of TB4-2 TB4-1 P16 Remote DIP Switches
YSTEM ERFORMANCE ICROPROCESSOR C ONTROLS This section the to and Cooling/Heating The the based cooling/heating. Cooling Direct and Chilled Cooling ACTIVATED when the cooling of It DEACTIVATED when the cooling below DX when cooling there Table Cooling and of Cooling only ON Dehumidification OFF Cooling with OFF Dehumidification Heating Heat or Water The reheat ACTIVATED when the of Conversely, the reheat DEACTIVATED when the heat than the activation SCR Reheat The SCR Rectifier) proportionally the reheat to the selected The the SCR while the heater life. operation of the SCR THE COMPRESSOR OPERATES CONTINUOUSLY. The heaters to The when the cooling and heating. The the cooling to ON when the below the Cooling then the reaches the Humidity Dehumidification/Humidification The based or humidification the the and the the the the increases proportionally from to to the The humidification Dehumidification Operation, Direct (DX) Dehumidification with the accomplished operating the without the active. Dehumidification the heating It when the heating reaches Performance
Humidification The activated when the of humidification; and deactivated when the humidification below The the and from turning within of off. If this on-off-on too often hour) Short The RS-422 to with Products board (ECA2) to allow with or using RS-232 More the Products and ECA2 The both and including: TEMPERATURE/HUMIDITY: and readings. STATUS Cooling/heating and operating PRESENT ALARMS: currently activated. SET POINTS: High High Humidity ON/OFF STATUS and CONTROL SILENCE ALARM Performance
LARMS The and ENABLED (including These chosen from the optional and/or their The inputs wired from TB1-1 through normally to TB1-2 or TB1-3 The or to and of seconds The to sound the the relay OR to sound the only. the and the activated. (If with Product, the transmitted.) The PRESS ALARM SILENCE the to the the silenced, the to the Normal selecting the ACTIVE ALARMS The through with Product when the and acknowledged Silenced. The software of and Short seconds or acknowledged or high switches the Definitions and Troubleshooting The following and troubleshooting each type of to Troubleshooting If further THE CUSTOMER MUST SPECIFY ALARM(S) AT THE TIME OF ORDER. OTHER DEVICES AND WIRING MAY BE REQUIRED AT THE FACTORY FOR SOME OF THE ALARMS. Custom Custom the LCD The included of or text to IF CUSTOMIZED TEXT IS USED, MAINTENANCE PERSONNEL SHOULD BE INFORMED OF THE ALARM FUNCTION AND THE REQUIRED ACTION. High Head head with switch. (One SPDT switch used) the the If head the switch the and input to the The high head acknowledged the the which clear the the high head If the hour, the the cooling or the (LLSV) If the high switch NOT within seconds, the to operation of the high head switch three hour It rolling and the third high head and acknowledged the the If while the the high head switch DOES within seconds of the activation of the LLSV, the the The the LLSV and seconds. The this or of three If the fourth try, the high head switch within seconds, the the the LLSV, the to acknowledge the and the the of the The this three On the third the the the
Air-Cooled to the head service and Also, that when the the switch the to the the Water/Glycol/ water/glycol flow operating and service or operating? the the or below AUX relay (terminals operating cooling to the The activated the following High: The the high the DIP switch. The to the the humidification? DIP switch. High and Humidity The of of the input DASHES WILL BE DISPLAYED IN THE HUMIDITY READING DISPLAY. these the both humidification and or The activated the following High: The increases to the high the than the too cooling operating or The to the heating operating reheats, reheats the to rating High and The of these of the input (or the of to RH). displayed the reading. The initiate cooling. or The sound and of the following overcurrent or of life. LED board: LED LED LED High Water switch the shutdown the high Clear the and to the to clear the NOTE s. the to from humidity? or to
of The of to the the or the switch incorrectly turned off the ON/OFF switch pressed. (optional) immediately of Short Short the cooling one-hour This caused or cooling to of the and If increase to reduce Optional/Custom Periodically, the the The the that necessary. switch when the the becomes The switch the the switch High The optional high operated with closed switch Connected and this the The optional constantly through Its supply located the The the and activates and This to function as or that or the of the and follow
YSTEM PERATION ESTING AND AINTENANCE This section testing, and of the Inspection to inspections. WARNING of shock. Can or death. and switches within the The isolate from the the Unit internal and the Unit The of the switch the front of the high The to that there NO the to and switch and the internal supply wires with Testing Functions The performance of tested the which activates each of the Cooling To the cooling function, the to of 10F (5C) below cooling should and the to cooling of testing, to the Heating Reheat tested the 10F (5C) heating should and the to heating of testing, to the To humidification, the R.H. the reading. the with and produced. of testing, the to the humidity. Dehumidification The performance tested the R.H. below humidity. The should of testing, to the humidity. Remote Shutdown shutdown the customer. This located the board. TB1-4 and TB1-5 with when shutdown and The should inspected usually the neglected item to operation, they should monthly and as required. ALWAYS TURN POWER OFF BEFORE REPLACING FILTERS. the the Operation, Testing and
Blower Monthly inspection of the mounts, and should thoroughly inspected and to they tightly mounted the and the housing rotation. permanently sealed and self-lubricating and NOT lubricated. The should monthly of wear and Pressing the and should from to to of that too tight or lowering the base. mounting plate to Turn below mounting plate to If appears cracked or worn, should with matched With should years. Distribution Since within the High efficiency reduce performance and capacity. Blower If the or or serviced, the following NOTICE of and Can that and building and of cooling. and when the blower and blower the section of the three-piece first and and the the screws from top and sections the blower from the blower the four holding the blower to the isolators. the assembly and the assembly from that the and protected from this month the of the should inspected function and of Since of malfunction to inspections factor the of properly and allowed to ceilings, or the Inspect months of wear and Inspect the and from the Suction Suction with Suction normally from to to NOTE or the that The should tight. The top locking should with wrench. Operation, Testing and
The greatly with and The high- switch the its Table Typical Air-Cooled Water-Cooled to 85F to 29.4C) High-Pressure Thermostatic The thermostatic the with enough to operation superheat If too to the then the high. Conversely, too supplied, then the superheat The superheat and 15F and 8.3C). Air-Cooled Units Restricted through the reduce the operating efficiency of the Additionally, high head and of cooling. or cleaner, the of that to around the or the At the or and as necessary. and and as necessary. inspect of (Water/Glycol-Cooled Units) or consisting of and If the supply clean, normally or Should to high head with reduced and other the or fouled and should replaced. (Water/Glycol Units) The automatically the amount of to the heat from the to flow when high and to flow when The to and to The factory-set and should It to establish of the of of of and every months should to establish of inspection of the and often helpful whether or active occurring. The complexity of caused from treatment It to that of treatment chemicals to of the testing and procedures. products from Operation, Testing and
The the and suction bypassing the and The with the suction the suction and and the flow through the The higher suction overheating, therefore to from the with the with the suction the operation, when the the high enough to the closed. If the the and the suction reduces below the the of the back to the suction. The this increased superheat and allowing to with the desuperheating of the three operation and performance. The located downsteam of these to the Superheat the chosen to consistency with the higher superheats, 60F to 15C), the The internally and the suction and to cooling that the continuously. the TOP from the wrench the top of and CLOCKWISE higher than the necessary. the suction required, tightly there the to to the suction within the There of approximately to PSIG to the to the the bypass. to the Operation, Testing and
Procedures Infrequently the insulation properly rarely this type of to mechanical or where the secondary Early of the that inspections service of operation) factor reducing It and cost-effective to the that operation; rather than and costly troubleshooting operation: WARNING of from high-pressure Can or death. This and high with CAUTION of Can or the or with burns Wear protective clothing, and when and switch operation. If occurred, whether its or mechanical Mechanical If that mechanical occurred, the replaced. If the and clean the It to that burnouts OF THE SAME SYSTEM usually caused cleaning. If occurred, the and the of and of the procedures to thoroughly that There that with Cleaner and Follow the DAMAGE TO REPLACEMENT COMPRESSOR DUE TO IMPROPER SYSTEM CLEANING CONSTITUTES ABUSE UNDER THE TERMS OF THE WARRANTY, THEREBY VOIDING THE WARRANTY from Emerson and shipped to the (as the service If the warranty, to Emerson, to warranty credit. It should the shipped The or condition(s) of the should recorded the Operation, Testing and
procedures to and the Disconnect suction and to Recover recovery and when charging the with recovered and of through the to formation of the when heated the of POE these from the and them throughout the and affecting other flow of the to the the and the approximately Follow instructions the to Break the each with clean, the third to Charge the with (R-407C) based of the and to the Apply and the operation. to NOTE Release of to the atmosphere to the and or with and regulations. Operation, Testing and
Steam Humidifier-Operation Procedures Steam efficiently of and to the conductivity of The and to and the when the to replaced. The RUN/DRAIN switch located the assembly. This switch should the RUN when the and the DRAIN service. The the located the assembly. the to the following when the humidification, the allowing to the the reaches the flows and the to The the reaches the and the the its conductivity increases and the turn, If the reaches of the operating the and flushes of the of the This reduces with the and lowers the flow to the and the operates normally. If the conductivity of the the and the reaches the the reached. The to overflow. should off, the the increases and flow increases. The eventually reaches and to operation. then. reached the board which factory-set seconds. this repeating the to replenish the off and steady the The the conductivity of the of the the becomes too high. this the too quickly. the off and of the exposed, the flow the the threshold (factory-set the of the the the and with fresh This lowers the and the to steady and life. The of conductivity. of the become coated with of which this the the to the to Eventually, the steady reach the and activating the At this of and the should replaced. the coated, the This allows these hours of life, the increase and arcing If the to off the immediately and the with the Operation, Testing and
the Canister CAUTION of with Can Canister and hose to the cooled to that and wear thermally insulated and protection when the The to the Turn off the lowering the below the Record the the RUN/DRAIN switch the DRAIN to the from the the RUN/DRAIN switch to the RUN the Turn OFF the the the cover from the the wires to the They connected to the with of the wires. to the back to the the wires and the wire. the screws that the the outlet hose and the hose from the Release the the of the the previous to to the following: the the from the interface to the the the wires as the and the right) the the and operation. WARNING of shock. Can or death. and switches the board. that with to the The operation. There three mounted the board and to conductivity POT2 the which the and clearly This factory-set which that the when the off to of the capacity the increases the of Lowering the the of The should increased and If necessary and of three to four operation of the The POT1 the of the This factory-set seconds VDC) and should without consulting The DIP switch to the of the If the the field the DIP switches should to the below. Table board DIP switch SW1 SW2 SW3 SW4 Amps On On On On On On On On On On Operation, Testing and
AINTENANCE NSPECTION C HECKLIST Prepared Monthly restricted section Section free of and freely and Section of isolation Suction Head Superheat Insulation Air-Cooled Unit mount tight properly photocopies of this records NOTE Reheat sheaths and with inspections to cleanliness of the reheating Should inspection the reheating or (including and cleaning should reheating to of hoses and tight and and/or Head or Unit Water Water flow Water Reheat Inspection
ROUBLESHOOTING Troubleshooting Symptom Unit cooling high head Reheat to input and switch relay closed of high the Cooling the TEMP and to cooling. software cooling, from Short to high head below At charge with Lee-Temp receivers. flow from and Water/Glycol Cooled only: supply to necessary. flowing through operating operation. DIP switch to DIP switch Table option Increase and to HUMIDIFY displayed humidification. P3-1 and P1-9 interface board VAC VAC. If and/or board. Defective from to board. switch flow supply (including and overflow Canister and with the supply PSIG). DIP switch to DIP switch Table reheat option HEAT the Increase to heating. reheat or Turn off with from switch? and Access through the to TB1-4 and TB1-5 or N/C and or N/C high and or N/C VAC VAC terminals P4-8 and P4-4. If If P4-8 and P4-4, terminals P2-3 and P2-8. If dashes. from temperature/humidity board to the board and from the to the board. or temperature/humidity board P2-1 and P1-9 interface VAC VAC. If reheat and reheat If and/or board. Troubleshooting
Table Troubleshooting Symptom Cooling too too Increase and Static or or and to Cooling Heating Dehumidification Incorrect Shorted or and/or board. of humidity, electricity the to or incorrect information. Although this the from the switch. from temperature/humidity board to the board or from board to temperature/humidity board or VDC to TB-3 (Ground) and TB-3 of the board and If the (TB-3 connected, the POWER LED It once every If T- connected, T+, TX1 flash approximately every the POWER LED once every If T+ and T- the POWER LED and RX1 and NOTE: of the If LED there or the +5VDC polarity reversed. If of these from the the switch, and from the board to the NOTE It to seconds the to appear the LCD applied. Troubleshooting
Ensuring The High Mission-Critical Applications. Emerson Network business of Emerson (NYSE:EMR), the Business-Critical Continuity from to health and Emerson Network and including AC and DC and cooling computing and integrated and switching and and connectivity. Emerson service technicians. AC cooling and products and services from Emerson Network Efficiency Without their to reduce and high While to the and of this Corporation responsibility and from of this information or or Corporation rights throughout the Specifications to without of Corporation. to or of their respective owners. SL-10532_REV3_02-13 Emerson Network The Business-Critical Continuity EmersonNetworkPower.com AC Connectivity DC Emerson, Business-Critical Continuity Emerson Network and the Emerson Network of Emerson or of its affiliated Emerson Computing Switching Precision Cooling Technical Service www.liebert.com North UPS North America: Three-Phase UPS North America: the United States: Locations United States Dearborn P.O. Columbus, OH (PD) 29/F, The Building F. Road, City Integrated Services Protection