PROPER DISPOSAL the or or when
the and to of the following Scraper Instruction connecting the to the upright approximately hours. This reduce the of malfunction the cooling from Clean the with cloth and allow to completely closing the of the WARNING: BEFORE USING YOUR FREEZER GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS
This to free only, and should recessed or built-in. that enough to the when loaded. Allow inches of the back and of the which allows the the from sunlight and of heat heater, Direct sunlight the coating and heat increase the to properly. the areas. supply: Check This 120V, supply. that the ground The of this with which with (grounding) outlet to the of shock from this A. or cords and their B. If or used, the rating of the or should least as as the rating of the the grounding -type cord, and the should that the counter top or where pulled children or tripped unintentionally. the allow the to cool least hours food the NOTES: The should its which rating that matches the rating If responsibility and to with properly grounded the cord. and straight from the INSTALLING YOUR FREEZER
LID OPENED Water LOCATION OF CONTROLS Thermostat Scraper
Thermostat NOTE Defrosting to Defrost the and the when the frost the or inch thick. Chose when the of food Defrosting hours, enough to the and to the food the Leaving the of the the process. Pouring the ice/frost the when and when as easy to the and warranty. to Defrost food from the and another or cooler to cold. Turn the thermostat to OFF. the from the The light should off light the the of the straight defrosting the the and of the to the located the of the the outlet and that to the the the overflow. Clean the of the as directed the cleaning section. the the the thermostat to the without food least hours to allow to cool food back OPERATING YOUR FREEZER thermostat Water
CARE AND MAINTENANCE OPERATING YOUR FREEZER (CONTINUED) CAUTION The Compartment of fresh or food the the as the of these items the efficiency of the and the of the allow food to cool the of food the foods and properly food tight heavy or sealed the of items. If from the To food below the the to or NOTE The to to to when the reaches inch thick. CAUTION: Once the with the and when or as to these
Cleaning of recommended that cleaned thoroughly. Turn the thermostat to "OFF", the the food and the with cloth containing and The should about of to of the with to the to the efficiently. The of the should cleaned with and the and with cloth. It recommended that the cleaned each defrosted to the and efficiently. the food. the Clean the the slightly to formation of or the of The should to with. If the months, food and the cord. Clean and the thoroughly. To and growth, the slightly: or the the food. Securely and the the the upright than as this the The should located the of the from heat or heating and of the sunlight. foods to the the forces the to that too or to foods properly and them the freezer.This frost build-up the should with or towels.Liners with the and food to reduce and searches.Remove as items as and the as as CARE AND MAINTENANCE
You easily the below to the service. C and off frequently. the too high. PROBLEMS WITH YOUR FREEZER TROUBLESHOOTING GUIDE Not The tripped or The thermostat "OFF". The than amount of food to the The too The closed completely. The thermostat correctly. The the clearances. The recently disconnected of Thermostat too too or too frequently. The closed completely. amount of or food the The recently disconnected of whether the properly the or The thermostat should to of the to MAX. Increase food to increase efficiency. and to properly sealed when closed. to the thermostat of the to MAX. to instructions. At least hours the to cool completely. Turn the to cooler and allow the to the closed properly. the Allow food to cool to At least hours the to cool completely.
TROUBLESHOOTING GUIDE (CONTINUED) PROBLEM POSSIBLE CAUSE SOLUTION or cracking sound heard when or sound heard (sounds Vibrations when of The properly. Unit (Inches) the and to cool throughout the to that the The the when slightly. The touching the slightly too or too frequently. The sealed properly. The dirty. The of or properly. TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION AC 115V, 105W This normal.Sound as to This the or of the the and the Instructions. the the and properly. Clean the of
CF450 LIMTED WARRANTY
CF450-03062010-01