Rosemount 8600D Reference BC
Reference BC www.emersonprocess.com/rosemount
Reference BC Rosemount 8600D NOTICE this with the and and performance, thoroughly the or this Within the United States, Rosemount Inc. toll-free numbers: Customer Technical and to CST) North American service hoursincludes of the United States, Emerson The products this NOT products that or products readings. information Rosemount products, Emerson
Reference BC
Reference BC of Section Introduction to this Section Commissioning. Flowmeter selection. locations LCD option Flow Flowmeter grounding High-Temperature installations. High-Point installation. Grounding the Remote Software the protection of
Table of the Protector Section (PV) PV% of other Reference K-factor type. ID PV PV Section output Flow D/A Scaled D/A Shed URV. Advanced functionality Characterize information. Reference BC of
Reference BC of Section Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Advanced troubleshooting. TP1. LCD Testing the the housing the boards. the housing. the Remote the housing. the housing (MTA option only)88 of A: Reference A.1 Specifications A.2 Functional A.3 Typical A.4 Performance specifications A.4.1 Flow A.5 Physical specifications. A.6 B: information B.1 Product B.1.1 locations. B.1.2 International B.1.3 Chinese (NEPSI). B.1.4 (ATEX). Table of
of C C: C.1 C.2 C.2.1 flow C.2.2 flow C.2.3 Varying flow C.2.4 using C.2.5 with known input C.3 C.3.1 English C.3.2 SI Reference BC of
Reference BC Section Introduction to this Introduction to this This installation, troubleshooting, and other the of the Rosemount 8600D Specifications and other information included. Section mechanical and instructions. Section information and Section information advanced and that the 8600D. Section Troubleshooting troubleshooting information, and A: Reference reference and B: Information information C: of to the ISO Rosemount 8600D HART Tree command and the when with the Rosemount 8600D. Section Introduction
Section Introduction Procedures and instructions this to the of the the operations. to the the of each section, operations. The Rosemount 8600D consists of and and flow detecting the created the The with located the of the and to the The the of the waves and flowrate. This to the and operation of the Rosemount 8600D This to as or other than which serious or death. Reference BC Introduction
Reference BC Section Commissioning locations Software protection This section instructions the Rosemount 8600D each Rosemount 8600D and mounting included the The options the Rosemount 8600D this section. The parentheses to the to each option. Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. Please to the following operation this section. death or serious the cover atmospheres when the HART-based atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or field that the operating atmosphere of the with the locations Both covers to to follow these death or serious only the installation. Section
Section Flowchart START HERE to Commissioning? OK? to LCD? DONE FIELD INSTALL CONFIGURE Ratio Ratio or Normal Flow Units Only) Flow Units Only) Reference K-Factor ID PV Unit PV Reference BC Mount Mount Flowmeter Necessary to DONE
Reference BC Commissioning Flowmeter Installation the Rosemount 8600D operation. This and operation of the It to the and corrected or the To the the or (AMS) software (or other to the with the (the and location. Choose the to increase and and location of the and Follow the instructions to reduce ease and performance. Correct performance. The Rosemount 8600D of from flow within the A: Reference continuously within these To the within the stated and velocity. A: Reference Rosemount Inc. to of which the Rosemount 8600D The based user-supplied information. the with Allow enough straight both and downstream of the to symmetrical downstream of the when allows flow and flow that the and that the distributed. The mounted the when or flows. This type of should strongly flows, although with To that the flows where back Section
Section installation, the to the to the of the this or the and the or applications, this that (such as or the and the High-Temperature installations the the to the of the or below the as shown Insulation around the to below F C). of High-Temperature Installations The with the to the of the (PREFERRED ORIENTATION) Steam installations installations such as the shown installations water-hammer to The high force from the the and to the This of Steam Applications The with the below the (ACCEPTABLE ORIENTATION) Reference BC
Reference BC selection Upstream/Downstream The with of (D) of straight and (D) of straight downstream. Rated based the of from K-factor correction the with and downstream. The of the K-factor to when the straight 10D and 35D. Please Technical Sheet Effects optional K-factor This corrected using the Effect Correction Factor and location using and with the Rosemount 8600D flows, the downstream of the and Location NOTE: The MTA option purchased and flow only. that the with the when specifying the Rosemount 8600D. shorten the of the of or Rosemount information. (PMI) machined heat and to life. Typical include high-vibration with integrally mounted warm-climate sunlight, and installations Downstream Downstream Section
Section locations Although the functions reduce to than others. the or its to that high and include and and The Rosemount 8600D explosion-proof housing and intrinsically and operation. clearly with indicating the they carry. The the Rosemount 8600D to the and security. To the the housing cover from the of the Rosemount 8600D. If Rosemount 8600D includes LCD option, the and security found the of the LCD If frequently, to the security the OFF to the to the these the to the to the and Security Reference BC
Reference BC of operations, the Rosemount 8600D continuously If the internal the to or high the of the The ALARM and the factory the CDS the HI. Security You the with the security With the security ON, attempted the disallowed. You and of the operating and through the The security SECURITY and the factory the CDS; the OFF. The from the that when the operating the the operating flow the the to the operating flow reaching the below; the the of the operating flow. with and and flows the the or the the to that from the to allow troubleshooting. Table High Table NAMUR-Compliant High Section
Section LCD option If with the LCD (Option M5), the ALARM and SECURITY located the of the as shown LCD and Security LO HI ALARM SECURITY OFF ON Reference BC
Reference BC Flow The include mechanical and to Whenever the to the the the the ready to and them. the the the the around the as below necessary. Mount the the FORWARD of the flow arrow, shown the the of the the The Rosemount 8600D the and with the to that with the and of the installation. that the of the than the of the and If the flow the and Section
Section the Rosemount 8600D Flowmeter as shown Flowmeter and Customer) Customer) Reference BC Flow
Reference BC mounting Flowmeter grounding Physical mounting of to typical section of and (such as and required. the following the shown The the affected factors, including operating and and of factors the from measured including of threads, friction the head and the and of the to these factors, the each Follow the outlined the ASME (Section VIII, the of the as the Grounding typical applications; however, ground the Grounding to that the grounded to the If the protection option (T1), grounding to ground. Properly ground flow and the To grounding of the grounding to the from the of the and the other of each grounding to ground. Section
Section High-Temperature High-Point Both and mounted input the mount installations, mount the or that to inches Remote mounting includes that and A: Reference information. the the to the of or below the as shown Insulation around the to below F C) or the restrictive locations The housing NPT or M20 otherwise the housing NPT. These with or to properly to or other from the of the housing. Additional to and to to from the from flowing the housing mounting the high the If the mounted the the with If the originates the below the to Reference BC
Reference BC Grounding the with Rosemount 8600D If instead of follow the instructions and the with or to properly to or other from the of the housing. The should grounded with and The effective grounding to earth ground with grounding the The Ground screw the FIELD TERMINALS of the housing. This screw ground and Rosemount 8600D Ground Assembly This assembly included with the optional protection (Option T1). The Ground Assembly with the (Option V5) and included with Grounding the the threaded ground. The protection (Option T1) protection the properly grounded. the to ground the the protection ground with as the ground Section
Section The terminals located of the housing from the HART-based and the the supply the to from the and supply Specifications: Typical installations supply. The should clean with than to as reference. If HART required, of the and the the section to the allowable as function of supply Typical (V Where: HART The the V terminals terminals Reference BC
Reference BC the to the Technically, the the of the and typical installation, the the installations, and length, and/or IS the to accounted To the and Twisted recommended. high EMI/RFI shielded required. To operation, should AWG or than length. A.W.G. F C) Section
Section If Wireless THUM with the Rosemount to information the HART the connected This the THUM wired with the Please the following to the (V Where: The the V terminals the THUM wireless Adc. The isolated with the flow To the FIELD TERMINALS cover of the housing. to the the the wires as shown Reference BC
Reference BC when the to the the The isolated switch-closure to flow, as shown The as follows: hours) (V to (R to Switching /R Switch Transistor, The externally or or as input to To the wires, the FIELD TERMINALS of the housing. the wires as shown The Section
Section using to follow these when the and the or trays. reduce caused should AWG or and the to the the the or with or heavy If ground the such as the of the supply. The housing grounded to the If the protected the optional protector, high-current ground from the housing to earth ground. Also, the ground screw the of the to ground The Housing Ground Screw and the housing to the of the housing. If the sealed, mount the with the with the of the than the or the housing. Reference BC Captive Screws Ground
Reference BC and with Counter Remote If of the options (options R10, R20, R30, R33, R50, or RXX), the assembly shipped The with the and interconnecting attached to The housing mounting Section Counter
Section Remote NOTE factory SST Mounting Mount the the flow as earlier this section. Mount the and housing the location. The housing repositioned the to field and routing. to and the following instructions to the of the to the housing. Remote connecting/dis- connecting the to the NPT or Customer) Union Washer Bracket Housing Screws Housing Screw Housing Reference BC Housing NPT or Customer)
Reference BC Software If to the the to the to assembly the housing. the to length. the or the of the and to the the If using the through the or the of the the housing from the housing. the housing the of the four housing screws. the ground to the housing the housing ground screw. and securely the to the the housing. the housing with the housing and with screws. Tighten the or to the housing To from the the interconnecting or sealed both of the Rosemount 8600D wet-calibrated the factory and further installation. The factor (K-factor) indicated each and the accomplished with or AMS. To the of the Rosemount 8600D the software to the of If the the factory, ready to If to Section LCD The LCD (option M5) of the and of the The located the of the cover to Section
Section the shows the with the LCD and cover. Rosemount 8600D with Optional The features eight-character (and that reading of the from the operation, the to the following readings: of (MTA Option Only) Flow Flow Velocity Flow (MTA Option Only) Reference BC
Reference BC the shows the with Optional HART-based to the of the the Section information). with the LCD the shipped purchased from the Rosemount 8600D, the using screwdriver and the The includes: One LCD assembly One cover with One mounting screws to the following to the LCD If the the and the the cover the Section
Section protection The board electrostatically to the mounting screws the LCD the the that with the and the Security the the Security Gently the LCD the and the screws ALARM and SECURITY the of the LCD the cover and least one-third The easy Mounting screws to the based LCD One of the four the back of the assembly to the the board the following LCD to F to C) to F to C) The optional to the from induced heavy or switch The protection located the The the following specifications: IEEE C62.41 B. s) s) s, wave) The ground screw the housing the of the protection. Also, high-current ground to earth required. Reference BC
Reference BC the Protector with the option (T1), the shipped purchased from the Rosemount 8600D, the Rosemount 8600D screwdriver, and the protection The protection includes the following: One protection assembly Three screws the following to the protector: If the the and the cover. the screws. the housing ground screw. to the of the housing. Inspect the straightness. the and The to back and forth to the the Tighten the screws. and the ground screw. the cover. Block Housing Screw Section Captive Screws Block Ground
Section Installation Reference BC
Reference BC Section (PV) Comm. the the factory to and with of the Once activated the function, through the to each the The of and to the to that the operating properly. Rosemount 8600D as of flow, velocity flow, and Comm. The the Rosemount 8600D the each its function and and corrective action the Comm. PV The measured of the to the This (MTA option only) or Flow. Flow as or velocity. commissioning, the flow each should and the should the If the the or correct, to other the Units function to the Section
Section PV% of other Comm. of The as of as to where the of the within the of the the as to If the flow the of Comm. The the the The to the industry the the the reading If match, required. D/A Comm. Other the and of other such as operation, and flow Comm. the to the flow flow Comm. Allows the to the flow from the Unit LCD U.S. GAL/S U.S. GAL/M U.S. hour GAL/H U.S. GAL/D ACFS ACFS ACFM ACFM hour ACFH ACFH ACFD ACFD SCFM hour SCFH BBL/S BBL/M hour BBL/H Reference BC
Reference BC BBL/D IGAL/S IGAL/M hour IGAL/H IGAL/D L/S L/MIN hour L/H L/D L/D ACMS ACMS ACMM ACMM hour ACMH ACMH ACMD ACMD MACMD MACMD Normal NCMM Normal hour NCMH Normal NCMD Standard/Normal SCFH NCMM NCMD or Normal Flow to the flow, ratio provided. the Ratio Comm. Units allows to flow that the options. They only. of of these and the Section
Section Rosemount 8600D to flow instead of and to Conversion the below information Comm. Unit the from which the You of the options: (L) where Comm. Unit the from which to the Choose from the following Seconds (s) Comm. Unit that of the flow to which converting. The LCD the Rosemount 8600D the The SPCL. There four characters to the Conversion Comm. Conversion to to straight of from to another, the the of the Reference BC
Reference BC from to and there the factor The as follows (where the Comm. Allows the user to the and allows the to the flow flow Comm. the flow and Comm. Allows the user to the flow from the STon Flow Units STon/h If Units option, the Ratio section Velocity flow Comm. the to the velocity flow and allows the to the velocity Section
Section Velocity Comm. the velocity and Velocity Comm. Allows the to the velocity from the Velocity measured Comm. Velocity Measured the velocity based the ID or the ID. Comm. the amount of or that through the the It to the of the Comm. the reading of the Its the amount of or that through the the Comm. the counting from its Stop Comm. the count restarted This often cleaning or other operations. Comm. the to If the to Reference BC
Reference BC Comm. Used to the velocity) that totalled. The the memory of the three seconds. Should to the interrupted, the the when the re-applied. that the or K-Factor the These the existing to Comm. Allows to the To the to the section found Comm. Allows users to the directly off of the Comm. to the and allows the to the the Comm. the and Comm. Allows the to the from the C Section
Section Comm. Allows to the when the allows the to the Comm. the Comm. the user to the the from the Comm. Allows to the when the the option. allows the to the Comm. the Comm. Allows the to the the from the C Reference BC
Reference BC T/C Comm. Allows the to the the that the thermocouple the or to normally the This only with the MTA option. If the to and there the to and this Cold Junction (CJ) Comm. to of Allows users to the thermocouple when the the option. allows the to the CJ CJ Comm. the thermocouple CJ Comm. Allows the to the the thermocouple from the C Comm. The Rosemount 8600D basic to of these the factory. Rosemount 8600D or the revision. Section
Section Comm. the to and distinguish flowmeters. to the of The to characters Comm. The or specifically the If the the readings Select the Comm. with the activated Without With Comm. Select the type: Gas/Steam, Steam. Steam the MTA Option and flow Comm. the to thermal of the as the from the reference the of the or the operation. as the of the MTA option The Ratio. Reference BC
Reference BC ratio Comm. to and Normal flow ratio Comm. the Ratio of Ratio to from flow to the and (The Rosemount 8600D then the ratio to and the factor. with the factor the factor the If and flow The Rosemount 8600D and the the to the ratio to the ratio Comm. Ratio to flow to flow rates based the following (flowing) DensityRatio (base) TbxPfxZb DensityRatio TfxPbxZf ratio Comm. Ratio the ratio (shown based and Section
Section Comm. (flowing) or (The from or to or respectively.) (flowing) or (The from or to or that (flowing) Comm. (base) or (The from or to or respectively.) (base) or (The from or to or that (base) the Rosemount 8600D to flow (SCFM). flowing of F and of F and DensityRatio Comm. flow You first prompted It the from to flow to rather than to the flow the flow. The Saturated Steam as this to Flow Units. If chosen, the of the software. to the The flow this and this the If recommended that used. Reference BC
Reference BC Reference K-factor type ID Comm. The reference K-factor factory relating the through the to the measured the Every Emerson through to this Comm. to the type of the reference. This the factory necessary. ANSI ANSI PN16 PN40 Comm. The ID of the to the that readings. You the of the to these effects. the this ID and Table If the of these, to the ID. Table IDs and Comm. Allows the to which the 8600D Section
Section PV (PV) Comm. Selections this Flow, Flow, Velocity Flow, and The the to the Secondary (SV) Comm. Selections this include that to PV, and and Cold Junction (CJ) (TV) Comm. Selections this to those of the Secondary Quaternary (4V) Comm. Selections this to those of the Secondary Comm. Selections this include the selection of PV. This the the flow or Comm. to of The when operated within the expected flow the to the of expected readings performance. The of expected readings the (LRV) and (URV). the LRV and URV within the of operation as the and that accepted. (PV URV) Comm. This the the Reference BC
Reference BC PV (PV LRV) Comm. This the the and typically to when the PV Flow Comm. the of the to smooth readings caused input. to the of and This the or other Information. The seconds. This to to seconds when PV flow or to seconds when PV the based the and other of the If the shedding than the selected, applied. Comm. to The function that to the of the based the of the The to the flow while least to the This function of the to the performance the If the of the this should to the to their that than the flowing Section
Section Tree the Rosemount 8600D PV AO LRV URV PV PV Other and Service Flow D/A Scaled D/A Shed URV Reference Factor ID PV Unit PV Characterize Processing Information Flow LFC Protect Revision Flow Flow Velocity Flow CJ Units T/C CJ CJ Units PV Shedding Flow Normal Flow Ratio PV SV TV QV Factor ID Effects URV LRV PV USL LSL HART PV LFC PV Flow Cutoff PV Flow Reference BC Flow Units Units Unit Unit Unit Conversion Flow Flow Unit Flow Flow Unit Velocity Meas Stop Units Units Ratio Ratio Ratio Conditions Conditions Reference Factor Factor URV LRV PV USL LSL D/A Select Scaled D/A Factory High High Direct Scaled Scaled Velocity Scaled of Preams Preams Option Universal Software Assembly ID
Reference BC Table the Rosemount 8600D Function Unit Unit Option Conversion D/A Ratio ID Units Assembly Flow Effects K-Factor (reference) Flow Cutoff LRV LSL Flow Flow Units ID Preams Function PV PV PV QV Revision Scaled D/A to Ratio STD/Nor Flow Units Units SV TV URV Units USL Velocity Flow Velocity Flow Flow Protect Section
Section Reference BC
Reference BC Section Advanced functionality This section information and The software the Rosemount 8600D through HART-based or through The software functions the this section of the It and summary of instructions, the operating the Rosemount 8600D installation, should of the factory to that they the Comm. the following to that the functioning properly, or when or with performance, or when instructed to as of troubleshooting Initiate each with the or other HART-based Comm. choose from or Comm. Allows to that occurred. Comm. allows to the of the Section
Section Comm. Allows the of the The the associated to Steam to this Comm. Allows the user to the and that the to. Comm. the lowest that the Comm. the highest that the Comm. Although the Rosemount 8600D initiate to with the and Follow on-screen instructions detected, or the relating to Comm. the as Comm. the of the the of the and the of or Conduct the the the field. If the located with the to to the allows the to to output the and High Reference BC
Reference BC Flow Comm. that the of the It that and that the the Comm. Flow to the functionality. This with the Flow or Flow PV Flow, Velocity Flow, or Flow Flow used. PV Comm. the flow the flow Comm. the the Comm. Allows to flow (internal or flow internal Comm. licensed, the flow internal function electronically the and to the internal flow or flow Comm. The flow of or This the to the Varying flow Comm. The and flowrate of or as flow The seconds from of seconds to of seconds. This the to continuously from the to the and back the Section
Section D/A Scaled D/A flow Comm. flow allows to the to and the flow Comm. allows to the flow (internal or and to operation Normal Flow activated to flow the Comm. allows to which flow (flow internal) Flow flow operation) Comm. D/A to and the function. If the through the of the To the initiate the D/A function and to the to the of the Follow the on-screen to the Comm. Scaled D/A to the output using than the Non-scaled D/A typically using where of Both D/A and D/A allow to the to of the and of the Scaled D/A allows to the that based of to readings the If and to the using this CHANGE the from to or Reference BC
Reference BC Shed URV Advanced functionality Characterize Once as and directly from the Comm. Shed URV function the to URV (URV If the PV the URV the of the Flow URV. This assigning Flow to PV and The Rosemount 8600D to the of and These as follows Comm. Characterize Processing Information Comm. The that to Rosemount 8600D. The of these the K-factor which the based. This factory and should the physical of Rosemount 8600D K-factor Comm. The information Reference and Compensated K-factor The Reference K-factor factory to the K-factor It should of the Rosemount The K-factor based the reference K-factor as the and ID. Compensated K-factor informational that the of Section Operation
Section I.D. Comm. The of the to the that readings. The of the specified to these effects. the this ID and Table If the of these, to the ID. type Comm. to specify the type of the reference. This the factory necessary. ANSI ANSI PN16 PN40 Comm. factory that reflects the of SST Comm. factory that the of and the type of The found to the right of the the which attached to the of the The of this alpha character. The the Comm. to the effects caused than straight reference located Technical Sheet the of K-factor based of This as of the of to Reference BC
Reference BC Comm. The Rosemount 8600D the factory to You should to and the without D/A Comm. the and, necessary, The D/A the of the Comm. to of The when operated within the expected flow the to the of expected readings performance. The of expected readings the (LRV) and (URV). the LRV and URV within the of as the and that accepted. Comm. the of the the of the and the operation of recorders or Conduct the the the field. If the located with the to to the allows the to to the and High Comm. the D/A Comm. to and the function. If the through the of the To the initiate the D/A function and to the to the of the Follow the on-screen to the Section
Section Operation Comm. Select the of the Either Rosemount or NAMUR Comm. and and found the specifications section. Scaled D/A Comm. Scaled D/A to the than the D/A typically using where of Both D/A and D/A allow to the to of the and of the Scaled D/A allows to the using that based of to readings the If and to the this from to or Once as and directly from the factory Comm. Factory to to the factory Comm. to the The allow of the the option (Option P) Reference BC
Reference BC Comm. The Rosemount 8600D with optional option (P). This the to output the to or other If the with the option, (based or or There four the Direct Scaled Scaled Velocity Scaled Direct Comm. This the as this the software the K-factor such as thermal or Scaled to the K-factor thermal and effects. Scaled Comm. This allows to the based flow (The flow and Comm. allows the to flow to flow of of Comm. allows the to to the Flow Section
Section Operation Scaled velocity Comm. This allows to the output based velocity Flow Comm. Allows the to velocity to ft/sec 10,000HZ Flow of ft/sec. of 10,000HZ. Comm. Allows the to to the Scaled Comm. This allows to the based Flow If Steam, this flow. Comm. Allows the to Flow Rate to 1000HZ Flow of of 1000HZ. Comm. Allows the to to the Reference BC
Reference BC Comm. that the of the It that and that the HART Comm. to the of to Communication HART-based or and the the of the the HART to connected twisted of wires or leased phone The of of the from each the of and the of the installations recommended where Communication with the accomplished with and the HART Each and to the commands the HART shows typical This as Rosemount with applications. Typical Network The Rosemount 8600D to the factory, allowing to the with To the to and This the to and the RS-232-C Section
Section Comm. to the The to each the Follow the instructions to the from to To or the establish with the selected Rosemount 8600D the Comm. OFF LINE FCN HART-based and the the to which connected. If the the HART-based its If other than the each the and them and through the and the with which to If off, the the to or the found. If other than and off, the found of Comm. This the of the 8600D HART of Comm. This the of the to Comm. The Rosemount 8600D includes burst function that broadcasts the or three to four second. The burst function The burst function to the to while the burst and to the burst option. The to the to the of the off the that the On that the selected Option the Additional options appear that and apply to the Rosemount 8600D. Reference BC
Reference BC option Comm. Option to the to the burst Choose of the following options: PV Selects the the burst Selects the as of and the burst Selects the and the burst the the to burst Select from the below: Flow Velocity Flow Flow (MTA Option Only) (MTA Option Only) Cold Junction (MTA Option Only) XMTR Comm. Allows to and XMTR Comm. selected XMTR Comm. selected XMTR Comm. selected Section
Section XMTR Comm. selected Comm. The function the Rosemount 8600D allows to which shown the optional (M5) Choose from the following of Flow Velocity Flow Flow (MTA Option Only) (MTA Option Only) Comm. The Rosemount 8600D and its HART-based to and other from the The four associated with the the Rosemount 8600D include low-pass low-flow cutoff, and These four conditioning the factory the of flow and service type or applications, these the factory of the when recommended the Troubleshooting section of this of the that High with or without Incorrect (with known flow or with flow High Reference BC
Reference BC If or of these and other (K-factor, service type, and factor, ID), to Section Troubleshooting that the factory re-established with If the factory. flow Comm. The Flow function the 8600D Flow Cutoff (LFC), and Corner to based the and type. (PV) Comm. PV the measured the On the the PV should the the PV to they correctly. PV Units the correct. the Units function to the flow Comm. Flow Cutoff shown ratio Comm. The to Ratio that the flow to This ratio there enough flow the to properly. flow the ratio should than than allow increased than with the function to the of the Ratios than with and/or with Comm. The function that to the of the based the of the The to the flow while least to the This function of the to the performance the that than the flowing Section
Section Comm. allows to manually the following Flow Cutoff, and while flow and or (PV Comm. PV the measured the the PV to they correctly. PV Units the correct. the Units function to the ratio Comm. The to Ratio that the flow to This ratio there enough the to properly. flow the ratio should than that allow increased than with the Flow function to the of the Ratios than with and/or with flow Comm. Flow Cutoff to the flow. It the factory to to measurability or to reduce The Flow Cutoff offers Increase Decrease Flow It includes such that once flow below the to the flow flow the band. The to the flow The the from bouncing and flow the flow the Comm. The the low-pass to the of high It factory based and service type. Section Troubleshooting Reference BC
Reference BC The offers Increase Increase Comm. to within the while allowing of the of than the The factory rejection offers Increase Increase this directed to Rosemount Technical Representative. Comm. to of the conditioning to their Should the confused, to the and Comm. function the of the to smooth readings caused input. The based the and other of the PV Comm. The seconds. to and seconds when PV flow or to seconds when PV Flow Comm. The seconds. Flow to and seconds. Section
Section information Comm. The seconds. to and seconds. LFC Comm. the of the and of the Flow Cutoff. or Technical information Flow Comm. Information of the field and to information that service Information or Comm. informational the factory. the Rosemount 8600D, the Rosemount. Comm. the to and distinguish to the of The to characters Comm. to with of the It and characters. Comm. The and other It characters of information and with the other Reference BC
Reference BC Comm. that to typically to the that the Comm. Protect read-only informational that reflects the of the security switch. If Protect ON, protected and from HART-based or If Protect OFF, the or options Comm. Flow option Revision Comm. Revisions informational that the of and Rosemount 8600D. These when the factory Revision the factory and the following Universal Comm. Universal the HART Command to which the to conform. Comm. the Rosemount 8600D HART compatibility. Software Comm. Software the internal software the Rosemount 8600D. Section
Section Comm. the the Rosemount 8600D assembly Comm. Assembly Factory that to the of The the reference. ID Comm. ID Factory-defined the software. ID changeable. Reference BC
Reference BC Section Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Advanced troubleshooting LCD Testing procedures of Troubleshooting troubleshooting the that operation. The of with HART-based Incorrect Incorrect HART-based Flow Flow with incorrect with flow. The Rosemount 8600D and should to replaced. Please the factory the Instructions and procedures this section to the of the the operations. Please to the following this section. Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Symptom Corrective Action Communication with HART-based Incorrect URV, LRV, Units, LFC these with the Correct Incorrect that correct. counter specifications. and factor. factor inverted). HART-based death or serious injury: the cover or thermocouple (MTA option only) from the housing atmospheres when the connecting HART-based atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or that the operating atmosphere of the with the locations Both covers to explosion-proof to follow these death or serious only the WILL to atmosphere. The users of the Rosemount 8600D bleshooting with of the and corrective the Advanced Troubleshooting section the of terminals with HART-based to ohms). Measure (R and supply (V that [V (R alphabetical Table Reference BC burst three installation. necessary. to Advanced troubleshooting C Select that than URV. Troubleshooting
Reference BC Symptom Corrective Action Flow to the that the with the arrow the of flow. Incorrect Incorrect and this ratio required), reference K-factor, type, ID, PV (URV, LRV), PV and used). within flow to Advanced troubleshooting C with HART-based interface apply LFC, STD Advanced troubleshooting Troubleshooting The Rosemount 8600D advanced troubleshooting features. These to the and helpful troubleshoot- readings. shown there located the The following of the and their Section Troubleshooting Application expected C If the that and the back If and increase back or operating Inspect cracks. necessary. that function to the SMA
Section Troubleshooting Table ROM CHECKSUM ERROR The EPROM memory The ALARM the ROM NV MEM CHECKSUM ERROR The EEPROM memory the It to this and ALL The ALARM the EEPROM RAM TEST ERROR RAM memory RAM location. The ALARM the RAM DIGITAL FILTER ERROR The the reporting. The ALARM the reporting flow COPROCESSOR ERROR If this the RAM/ROM the If this operations, the reported math or flow. This FATAL and the ALARM SOFTWARE DETECTED ERROR The software memory. One or of the software memory. This FATAL and the ALARM ELECTRONICS FAILURE This summary indication. This reported of the following ROM Checksum NV Memory Checksum RAM ASIC Software Detected TRIGGER LEVEL OVERRANGE The the its to Increase or Increase to the back within LOW PASS FILT OVERRANGE The the its to Increase or Increase to the back within ELECTRONICS TEMP OUT OF LIMITS The within the reporting of INVALID CONFIGURATION of they properly or they forced of as of to related flow the to too the the this the to FACTORY EEPROM CONFIG ERROR LOW FLOW CUTOFF OVERRANGE On the the VDSP Flow Cutoff found to too high or too The increase or of the VDSP Flow Cutoff brought the the Flow Cutoff to or the Option. T/C A/D ERROR The ASIC the to of the thermocouple and RTD If the the THERMOCOUPLE OPEN The thermocouple that to the the to the If the the thermocouple. CJ RTD FAILURE The RTD the If the the FLOW SIMULATION The flow internal to the The flow through the NOT measured. SENSOR SIGNAL IGNORED The flow to the The flow through the NOT measured. The factory EEPROM memory become corrupted. This FATAL The ALARM Reference BC Troubleshooting
Reference BC LOW LOOP VOLTAGE The the to that causing the internal to reducing the of the to the and increase the supply or reduce INTERNAL COMM FAULT the with the ASIC. the Also, the inter-board If the the INTERNAL SIGNAL FAULT The from the ASIC to VDSP the the inter-board If the the TEMPERATURE ELECTRONICS FAILURE PROCESS TEMP OUT OF RANGE The the of C to C. PROCESS TEMP ABOVE SAT STEAM LIMITS PROCESS TEMP BELOW SAT STEAM LIMITS FIXED PROCESS TEMPERATURE IS ACTIVE INVALID MATH COEFF The of memory to the the This only the factory. the CJ TEMP ABOVE SENSOR LIMITS The from the Cold Junction CJ CJ TEMP BELOW SENSOR LIMITS The reported from the Cold Junction below CJ Troubleshooting The that the of the The The the high Saturated Steam This when the Compensated Saturated Steam. The of C. The below the Saturated Steam This when the Compensated Saturated Steam. The using of C. to with the thermocouple, the measured This shown there located the IN GROUND TP1 Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting Flow Charge Amplifier/ Amplifier TP1 The of internally flow that to to with or AMS interface. The based the The of of or of The C: To the input the TEST FREQ IN and GROUND to flow such as To and/or troubleshoot the AC coupling) and or AMS interface required. of the as flows from the to the the TP1 the through the and and the input of the A-to-Dconverter ASIC the The this the to TP1 easily measured with and (clean) waveforms and waveforms that the to Please the factory the waveform to these waveforms. Clean TP1 A-to-D Converter (TP1) Reference BC Troubleshooting
Reference BC LCD Troubleshooting to the the LCD displays troubleshooting the These as follows: SELFTEST The the of FAULT_ROM The EPROM Service (TP1) Section Troubleshooting (TP1)
Section Troubleshooting FAULT_EEROM The EEPROM Service FAULT_RAM The RAM Service FAULT_ASIC The ASIC Service FAULT_CONFG The This information the Service FAULT_COPRO The the Service FAULT_SFTWR The detected non-recoverable the software operation. Service FAULT_LOOPV The to the board. the Service FAULT_SDCOM The ASIC Service FAULT_SDPLS The of flow from the ASIC. Service FAULT_COEFF The of NV memory to the the This the factory. Service Reference BC Troubleshooting
Reference BC Testing procedures Troubleshooting FAULT_TACO (MTA option only) The ASIC the to of the Service FAULT_TC (MTA option only) The that to the Service FAULT_RTD (MTA option only) The RTD Service SIGNAL_SIMUL The flow internal to the The through the NOT measured. SENSOR_OFFLINE The to the The flow through the NOT measured. FAULT_LOOPV The the terminals to that causing the internal to reducing the of the to the and increase the supply or reduce the functions to that the functioning properly, or when or with performance, or when instructed to as of troubleshooting Initiate each with HART-based The following and the Rosemount 8600D the troubleshooting this section of the and that to replaced. Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting the the housing warning the and specifically referenced this Unauthorized or performance and the to process, and the should service once they to should the from service disassembly. To the the housing, screwdriver. the following to the the housing of the Rosemount 8600D. removing the cover. the Turn off the to the Rosemount 8600D. Unscrew the cover. Assembly Cover the wires from the field to them of the the ground screw protection (Option T1) the three screws. outward the to from the housing. Reference BC Screws Troubleshooting
Reference BC the boards warning Troubleshooting the the the back of the the from the of the housing cavity the of the housing. the force the the housing. the screw Tighten the three screws to anchor the the wires to the field and the ground screw the option (Option T1). Screw and the cover. The Rosemount 8600D boards to they or otherwise become dysfunctional. the following procedures to boards the Rosemount 8600D. You head screwdriver and The boards electrostatically to static-sensitive the cover. the boards Turn off the to the Rosemount 8600D. Unscrew and the board cover. (Unscrew and the LCD the LCD option). Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting Boards Assembly If the the LCD option, the screws. the LCD and the from the board. the three screws that anchor the or flathead screwdriver to the from the thermocouple MTA option installed. the the cover to the boards of the housing. Boards Reference BC Troubleshooting
Reference BC the housing Troubleshooting the boards that to the Rosemount 8600D off. the the of the boards the from the of the housing cavity. the through the notches the of the boards. the boards force the boards the they board. Tighten the three screws to anchor the boards. that the SST washer the screw the location. If the LCD option, the the LCD board. from the board. the through the the board. the LCD the board. Tighten the screws that the LCD the and security the location. the board cover. The Rosemount 8600D housing easily when necessary. the following wrench wrench Screwdriver to to the housing. Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting the the housing Turn off the to the Rosemount 8600D. the cover. the wires and from the housing. wrench to the housing rotation screws the of the housing) turning screws clockwise they clear the the housing than from the top of the the from the housing with wrench. the housing the exposed. the housing than from the top of the to the this stressed. the housing that to the Rosemount 8600D off. Screw the the of the housing. the with wrench. the housing the top of the the housing screws with wrench. the cover the the screw the cover. and wires. the cover. Apply The the Rosemount 8600D that should there with If the follow these closely. Please the factory the Reference BC Troubleshooting
Reference BC Troubleshooting to other troubleshooting the Also, please that the assembly and further wrench wrench wrench Suction or cleaning or cleaning the flow the housing the housing the four anchor with wrench Bracket Assembly Bracket Assembly the with wrench. and Bracket Anchor Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting Cleaning the the the completing the following The around the to the suction or to from the and other the scratch or of the the with with cleaning the with there the Screw the assembly the crosswise with wrench to the the four that anchor the with wrench. the housing. the housing Reference BC Troubleshooting
Reference BC Troubleshooting If the Rosemount 8600D housing mounted remotely, than the with The following procedures exactly the the Block the Housing the Boards the To the from the and housing, follow the instructions below. Disconnect the the the cover the the three housing screws the of the with wrench turning the screws clockwise they clear the the than from the top of the and the from the wrench. the than from the top of the to the the stressed. Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting the The instructions to the the following to the and the screws that the the and the from the and the from the other of the and the or from the NPT or Union Washer Reference BC Troubleshooting
Reference BC the housing Troubleshooting the If or gland, the of the (the without ground the the wrench to securely the of the the the screws of the and the screws. the the the of the slightly and securely the the stretch the the top of the to the the stressed. the the top of the and the screw wrench to the three screws counterclockwise (outward) to the the or the the from the housing the housing screws from the housing the housing from the housing. and the from the of the housing. the ground from the housing the housing screw that to the housing base. Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting Remote Housing Screw Housing Housing Screws the (or gland) from the housing (optional customer) Reference BC Housing Troubleshooting
Reference BC Troubleshooting the Route the through the the of the the housing from the housing attached). the housing the of the four housing screws that to the ground the housing screw through the ground and securely the to the the housing. the housing with the housing and with the housing screws. Tighten the to the housing Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting the housing (MTA option only) The housing rotated easy the following to the housing the screw the cover the and the cover. the three housing screws the of the housing with wrench turning the screws clockwise they clear the the housing of the Unscrew the from the housing with wrench. the housing than from the top of the the disconnected. to the this stressed. the housing to the it this while screw the the of the housing. the housing while the attached to the of the housing. This the and the the housing the top of the wrench to the four housing screws counterclockwise to the of the should the of the following Turn off to Rosemount 8600D. from using wrench. to the to the Reference BC Troubleshooting
Reference BC of Troubleshooting from thermowell. from using wrench to head screw from Gently from This the to the atmosphere. housing to and head screw to Tightening head screw with wrench. and assembly and the top of reaches the of the and with wrench tight to seat the back the four and Reapply to Rosemount 8600D. To the process, the Rosemount North American 800-654-RSMT toll-free This hours with information or The and numbers, and Authorization (RMA) The the of the to which the exposed. People who products to they and the If the to as OSHA, of the Sheet (MSDS) each included with the The Rosemount North American the information and to to Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting Reference BC Troubleshooting
Reference BC Reference A.1 Specifications A.2 Functional specifications Specifications and Reference Specifications Functional specifications Performance specifications Physical The following specifications the Rosemount 8600D where noted. and and single-phase. and inches (DN and and The bore of the the or AMS shipped from the factory the otherwise specified. flow rates of from flow which the below. To the within the and velocity the Table A-1 Table A-2 and A-3 to that to the A: Reference
A: Reference The shown below the effects of (D), and velocity (V). Table A-1. DN) through through through through A-2. The the flowing and referenced to Table A-3. the of the or or or or The the flowing and referenced to to F to C) HART Optional to switch with HART of switching to VD RD Reference BC Specifications and Reference
Reference BC Specifications and Reference and and user-selected. to the selected the selected input to the Scalable The to velocity, or The to of or velocity to F to C) to F to C) with to F to C) to F to C) with Rated ASME B16.5 (ANSI) Class EN PN and supply HART supply operates to (with HART supply required) One A: Reference
A: Reference (HART the of the supply, as by: 41.7(V HART Communication of ohms. Optional LCD The optional LCD of Velocity Flow Flow Flow of Shedding (MTA Option Only) (MTA Option Only) If than item selected, the through items selected. rating FM 4X; IP66 Reference BC Specifications and Reference
Reference BC Specifications and Reference The (PPL) from the Rosemount 8600D each the software from Rosemount The PPL the where: PPL or Where: operating or flow or or Flowmeter bore or type and following A-4. the PPL English Units SI Units 8600DF Flow that would allow the release of from should This within the flow of the and following incorporation of back should considered. To the should or the of the downstream of the or the or operating or PPL A: Reference
A: Reference HART If the to the below: High NAMUR NAMUR High High or through the the through the C4 or CN Option. type field also. the operating flow the the to track the operating flow reaching the below; the the of the operating flow. The NAMUR-Compliant through the C4 or CN option. type field High NAMUR NAMUR High Flow and seconds. and seconds (MTA Option Only). Three or whichever to reach of input with the seconds). Turn-on HART than four seconds the to rated from than seconds with the MTA Option). protection The optional to the from induced heavy or switch The protection located the The the following specifications: IEEE C62.41 Reference BC Specifications and Reference
Reference BC Specifications and Reference s) s) s, wave) Security the security the allow to that testing Flowmeter commanded to the to specified and commanded to the to specified and flow selected to and (tested to IEC Section HART to of then with increasing flow. The and to flow to the of the and of Flow flow-calibrated and assigned factor (K-factor) the factory. The factor the interchangeability of and/or without or of the A: Reference
A: Reference A.3 Typical Table A-5. Typical velocity 8600D Velocity Velocity (Inches/ DN) 8600DF010 to to to to 8600DF015 to to to to 8600DF020 to to to to 8600DF030 to to to to 8600DF040 to to to to 8600DF060 to to to to 8600DF080 to to to to Table A-5 reference of that measured the Rosemount 8600D. It as Table A-2 and Table A-3 referenced Table A-6. Water Flow Rate the Rosemount 8600D DN) Gallons/Minute Meters/Hour 8600DF015 to to 8600DF040 to to 8600DF060 to to 8600DF080 to to *Conditions: F C) and Table A-6 reference of flow rates that measured the Rosemount 8600D. It as Table A-2 and A-3 Table A-7. Flow Rate F C) G) G) G) G) Table A-5 Table A-9 typical with to that the flow 8600DF010 to to 8600DF020 to to 8600DF030 to to Rosemount 8600D Rosemount 8600D Rosemount 8600D Flow Rate ACFM ACMH ACFM ACMH ACFM ACMH and Water Flow Rates* and Flow Rates through Reference BC Specifications and Reference
Reference BC A-7. Flow Rate F C) G) G) G) G) A-8. Flow Rate F C) G) G) G) G) G) G) G) G) A-9. Flow Rate F C) G) G) G) G) G) G) Specifications and Reference and Flow Rates through Rosemount 8600D Rosemount 8600D Flow Rate ACFM ACMH ACFM ACMH and Flow Rates through Rosemount 8600D Rosemount 8600D Flow Rate ACFM ACMH ACFM ACMH A: Reference
A: Reference Table A-9. Flow Rate F C) G) G) A-10. Saturated Steam Flow Rate Steam Quality G) G) G) G) G) G) G) G) G) Notes The Rosemount 8600D the flow operating the the operating and or as shown strongly and Therefore, typically stated or SCFM or NCMH). typically F and Normal typically C and The found the below: Flow Rate Flow Rate Ratio Ratio Conditions Conditions Rosemount 8600D Rosemount 8600D Rosemount 8600D Flow Rate and Saturated Steam Flow Rates through Reference BC Specifications and Reference
Reference BC Table A-11. Saturated Steam Flow Rate Steam Quality G) G) G) G) G) G) G) G) G) Table A-12. Saturated Steam Flow Rate Steam Quality G) G) G) G) G) G) G) G) G) Specifications and Reference and Saturated Steam Flow Rates through Rosemount 8600D Rosemount 8600D Flow Rate and Saturated Steam Flow Rates through Rosemount 8600D Rosemount 8600D Flow Rate A: Reference
A: Reference A.4 Performance specifications A.4.1 Flow The following performance specifications Rosemount where noted. performance specifications to HART Includes linearity, and repeatability. and of as of and and of as of and velocity of the below the stated to the increase linearly to to the increase linearly from to F C). mount installations, of to the flow flow and of Reference BC Specifications and Reference
Reference BC Specifications and Reference include and and below of below output as of Repeatability of of K-factor correction with A-13 the K-factor F C) from reference of F C). Table A-13. K-Factor F C) F C) F C) and of from to F to C) with flow sufficiently high The this and the factory selected to these If output flow detected, the cutoff, or the to through the the flow A: Reference
A: Reference specifications housings and At or the mounted installation, the should or whichever At or the flow mounted installation, the should or whichever Mounting when mounted or mounting to the the This and from the EMI/RFI EMC to EU Directive 2004/108/EC. HART than of with from radiated field of radiated field of radiated field of Tested EN61326. HART the that HART Tested EN61326. Magnetic-field interference HART than of Tested EN61326. rejection HART than of Common rejection HART than of Reference BC Specifications and Reference
Reference BC A.5 Physical specifications Specifications and Reference supply HART than of NACE of Construction NACE MR0175/ISO15156 containing field of NACE MR0103-2003 MR0103 Q25 option of MR0175/ISO15156 Q15 as NPT or M20 threads; screw terminals and permanently to Non-wetted Housing (FM 4X, CSA 4X, IP66) Polyurethane (MTA option) Thermocouple Process-wetted CF-8M CF-3M A: Reference
A: Reference Graphite with Mounts the following ASME B16.5 (ANSI): Class EN PN Mounting mounted (optional) mounted from the Interconnecting and and lengths. factory to Remote mounting includes mount with mounting The mount the where the The F C). The with of (D) of straight and (D) of straight downstream. Rated based the of from K-factor correction the with and downstream. The charge, to The permanently attached to the Character height wired-on with to characters Flow information and information with of flow Option Q4 the Reference BC Specifications and Reference
Reference BC A.6 A-1. (1-through through NOTE inches Specifications and Reference illustrated without MTA Option with MTA Option C A: Reference C
A: Reference Table A-14. (1-through through ANSI ANSI PN ANSI ANSI PN ANSI ANSI PN option. Table A-15. Flowmeter (3-through through to previous ANSI ANSI PN ANSI ANSI PN PN ANSI ANSI PN PN option. A-16. to ANSI ANSI PN PN option. Face-to-face Face-to-face C Face-to-face C Reference BC C Specifications and Reference
Reference BC A-2. Mount Option NOTE factory SST inches Specifications and Reference Cover NPT Remote A: Reference
A: Reference A-3. Remote Mount (1-through through NOTE inches A-17. Remote Mount, NPT Reference BC Specifications and Reference
Reference BC information B.1 Product B.1.1 locations B.1.2 International information Emerson Flow Company, P.R. with Flameproof Protection only when The and protection type of Flameproof Protection the of and correctly of the using the or and or ATEX or and with IP66 otherwise housing, the thread NPT. (X) specified each protection type below]. I.S. IEC Edition: IEC Edition: I7 BAS 12.0053X IIC T4 C C) VDC 1.0W Ci (X) with the 90V the of the 500V insulation This account The from with protective finish; however, should to from or when located the to account the of that the of the housing of the the protection type B: information
B: information IEC Edition: IEC Edition: IEC Edition: N7 BAS 12.0054X IIC T5 C C) (X) with the 90V the of the 500V insulation This account installation. the to account the of that the of the housing of the the protection type Flameproof IEC Edition: IEC Edition: IEC Edition: IEC Edition: E7 DEK 11.0022X IIC T6 Remote IIC T6 Remote IIC T6 C C C to C Supply: mounted type of protection IIC, only to connected to the associated 8600D Flowmeter The of the interconnecting (X) information the of the flameproof the contacted. The Flowmeter with of property A2-70 or A4-70. Units with "Warning: Charging thicker than Precautions to to charge of the the to account the of the that the of the of the C and +70C. Reference BC information
Reference BC B.1.3 Chinese (NEPSI) information Flameproof GB3836.1 GB3836.2 GB3836.4 E3 GYJ111284X IIC T6 C C) C to C Supply: (X) The allowable of the interconnecting and The Rosemount Inc., or Emerson or Emerson Flow heat-resisting rated least C when the of the around C. of flameproof other than the or specified Table of GB3836.2-2010. Please The with of property A2-70 or A4-70. friction should to the of charge the to The earthing should connected to the ground reliably when The to connected of or with type of protection of IIC, the and with GB3836.1-2010 and GB3836.2-2010, and which covered examination to with type of protection of IIC flameproof to the to the protection performance of the with from the Precautions to that the within the of the installation, and users comply with the of the instruction GB3836.13-1997 atmospheres and atmospheres, GB3836.15-2000 atmospheres installations (other than GB3836.16-2006 atmospheres Inspection and of (other than and GB50257-1996 and of atmospheres and fire B: information
B: information I.S. GB3836.1 GB3836.4 GB3836.20 I3 GYJ12.1239X IIC T4 C C) Ci (X) The allowable of the interconnecting and The protection (The Other Option T1) to this users comply with GB3836.15-2000 atmospheres installations (other than heat-resisting rated least C when the of the around C. connected to the associated the Flowmeter the atmosphere. The should with the of the of the associated and the The should to from friction should to the of charge the to The with shield and the shield should connected to earth. The from the the blown The to connected of entry, the of that the of protection IP66 to GB4208-2008. to the to the protection performance of the with from the Precautions to that the within the of the Reference BC information
Reference BC information installation, operation and with the of the instruction GB3836.13-1997 atmospheres and atmospheres, GB3836.15-2000 atmospheres installations (other than GB3836.16-2006 atmospheres Inspection and of (other than and GB50257-1996 and of atmospheres and fire N3 GYJ12.1240X IIC T5 C C) (X) The allowable of the interconnecting and The the heat-resisting rated least +80C when the of the around +60C. protection (The Other Option T1) to this installation, comply with GB3836.15-2000 atmospheres installations (other than friction should to the of the to when The to of entry, the of that the of protection IP54 to GB4208-2008. to the to the protection performance of the with from the Precautions to that the within the of the allowed operation and with the of the instruction GB3836.13-1997 atmospheres and atmospheres, GB3836.15-2000 atmospheres installations (other than GB3836.16-2006 atmospheres Inspection and of (other than and GB50257-1996 and of atmospheres and fire B: information
B: information B.1.4 (ATEX) I.S. EN EN I1 ATEX II IIC T4 C C) VDC Ci (X) with 90V the of the 500V isolation This account installation. The from and protective polyurethane finish; however, should to from or when located the to account the of that the of the housing of the the protection type EN EN EN N1 ATEX II IIC T5 C C) (X) with 90V the of the 500V isolation This account the to account the of that the of the housing of the the protection type Flameproof EN EN EN Reference BC information
Reference BC information E1 DEKRA12ATEX0189X ATEX II IIC T6 Remote ATEX II IIC T6 Remote ATEX II IIC T6 C C C to C Working 250V Remote mounted type of protection IIC, to connected to the associated 8600D Flow The allowable of the interconnecting (X) information the of the flameproof the contacted. The with of property A2-70 or A4-70. Units with Warning: Charging thicker than to to charge the EN EN EN B: information
B: information ND DEKRA12ATEX0190X ATEX II IIIC T500 90C Remote ATEX II IIIC T500 90C ATEX II IIIC T500 90C C C C to C Remote mounted type of protection IIIC, to connected to the associated 8600D Flow The allowable of the interconnecting (X) Units with Warning: Charging thicker than Precautions to to the Reference BC information
Reference BC C C.1 of the 8600D the internal or applying to the TEST FREQ IN and GROUND Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. Please to the following this section. death or serious injury: the cover atmospheres when the HART-based atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or field that the operating atmosphere of the with the locations Both covers to explosion-proof to follow these death or serious injury: the installation. the housing. C:
C: C.2 C.2.1 flow C.2.2 C.2.3 Varying functionality Flow Both the of or AMS. It to the to the the of the the input to the Should the choose to physically the from the to the housing Comm. the internal flow functionality. This functionality as option DS1 the of The Rosemount 8600D of flow or flow The of the flow based the the and service type. Either type of or effectively the Rosemount 8600D from the input and with the Comm. The of or flow the The flow and/or continuously or AMS. Comm. The of the flow waveform as illustrated C-1 The and flowrate of or as the The seconds from of seconds to of seconds. The and/or continuously or AMS. To manually the precautionary the housing Reference BC
Reference BC C-1. Profile of Varying Flow C.2.4 Flow Rate Flow Rate If then the C-2 or AMS sinewave function C:
C: the cover. the screws and the LCD or AMS to the Comm. Access the the and Flow This item with This effectively the Rosemount 8600D input from the charge input of the The and/or the shedding the or AMS. the sinewave to the TEST FREQ IN and GROUND as shown C-2 the sinewave to Select the sinewave the the the or AMS. Comm. the Flow the LCD option to the and the screws. and the cover. To manually the precautionary measures, the housing Reference BC
Reference BC C.2.5 with known input C-2. and Chassis Ground the following with known input of or within the flow or these used. To flow and K-factor (compensated), the flow Q: where C the C-1 C-125 To or flow To and K-factor (compensated), the M: where C the and operating where C the using C-1 C-125 C DensityRatio C C C:
C: To input and K-factor (compensated), I: where C the C-1 C-125 URV the and LRV the (user To first the factor the factor C C C factor C-1 C-125 Unit (user to GPS) the following to with when LRV URV LRV Reference BC
Reference BC C.3 C.3.1 English C-1. Unit Conversions C Units (act) Conversion Factor C 1.00000E+00 C 1.66667E-02 C 2.77778E-04 C 1.20095E+00 C 2.00158E-02 C 3.33597E-04 C 2.64172E-01 C 4.40287E-03 C 7.33811E-05 C 4.40287E-00 C CuMtr/h 7.33811E-02 C 1.24675E-01 C 2.07792E-03 C 1.16667E-02 C C C C C C C shTon/h C C C C C SPECIAL =operating Units Conversion Factor The following the flowrate that There and the The first of three English The of three SI (English Water URV= LRV= C 1.66667E-02 (from Table C-1 C-125 C:
C: K-factor (compensated) or AMS) C Therefore, input of flow of this input the the with input of URV= LRV= C LRV URV LRV Therefore, input of of (English Saturated Steam URV LRV C Table C-1 C C-125 F K-factor (compensated) or AMS) /(K C (C Therefore, input of of this Reference BC
Reference BC input the the with input of URV= LRV= C LRV URV LRV Therefore, input of of (English URV SCFM LRV SCFM C C factor (from Table C-1 C-125 F K-factor (compensated) or AMS) /(K C where: C C SCFM Therefore, input of of SCFM this input the the with input of URV= SCFM LRV= SCFM C LRV URV LRV Therefore, input of of C:
C: C.3.2 SI (SI Water URV LRV C 4.40287E-03 (from Table C-1 C-125 F K-factor (compensated) or AMS) /(K C Therefore, input of flow of this input the the with input of URV= LRV= C LRV URV LRV Therefore, input of of Reference BC
Reference BC (SI Saturated Steam URV LRV C from Table C C-1 C-125 F (operating) K-factor (compensated) or AMS) /(K C (C Therefore, input of of this input the the with input of URV= LRV= C LRV URV LRV Therefore, input of of C:
C: (SI URV NCMH LRV NCMH C C factor (from C-1 C-125 F Viscosity K-factor (compensated) or AMS) /(K C where: C C NCMH Therefore, input of flow of NCMH this input the the with input of URV= NCMH LRV= NCMH C LRV URV LRV Therefore, input of of Reference BC
Reference BC Rosemount 8600D HART Tree PV AO LRV URV PV PV Other and Service Flow D/A Scaled D/A Shed URV Reference Factor ID PV Unit PV Characterize Processing Information Flow LFC Protect Revision Flow Flow Velocity Flow CJ Units T/C CJ CJ Units PV Flow Normal Flow Ratio PV SV TV QV Factor ID Effects URV LRV PV USL LSL HART PV LFC PV Flow Cutoff PV Flow Flow Units Units Unit Unit Unit Conversion Flow Flow Unit Flow Flow Unit Velocity Meas Units Units Ratio Ratio Ratio Conditions Conditions Reference Factor Compensated Factor URV LRV PV USL LSL D/A Select Scaled D/A Factory High High Direct (Shedding) Scaled Scaled Velocity Scaled of Preams Preams Option Universal Software Assembly ID
BC Reference
Reference BC Index Flow Rate Flow Units Service C the Housing Housing Commissioning Common Rejection Procedure Grounding Boards Housing Mounting EMI/RFI Effect Switch Flowmeter Flowmeter Mounting Flow Flow Direction Flow Rates Flow Units Flowmeter Grounding Flowmeter Considerations Grounding the Boards Housing Remote Locations High-Point Housing LCD LCD LCD Switch Flow Cutoff Magnetic-Field Interference Flow Rates Mounting Mounting NACE Non-Wetted Index-1
Testing Performance Specifications Physical Specifications Effect Effect Remote Remote Procedures Repeatability of Scalable Scaled D/A Security applying force Cleaning the Rejection Service Software Software Block Protection Protector Index-2 Security Security Switch Troubleshooting Turn-on Upstream/Downstream Effect Reference BC
and Conditions of found www.rosemount.com/terms_of_sale The Emerson and service of Emerson Rosemount. the Rosemount and SMART FAMILY of Rosemount Inc. Coplanar of Rosemount Inc. of the Products Corporation.o. of and Corporation Syltherm and D.C. of Corning Corporation. M-20 of PVO International, Inc. HART of the HART Communication Foundation. Foundation of the Foundation. other the property of their respective owners. Rosemount, Inc. rights Emerson Rosemount MN USA (USA) (International) Emerson America USA Emerson Co Emerson Reference BC Rosemount East North District