FM-3 P/N Revision: A2 EMERSON Motion Inc.
Information furnished EMERSON Motion to and responsibility EMERSON Motion its EMERSON Motion the right to the or operation of the and associated motion products without EMERSON Motion responsibility that appear this Information this to without FM-3 P/N Revision: A2 EMERSON Motion Inc.
EMERSON Motion Inc. Revision: A2 Printed United States of America Information this to without and fictitious otherwise noted. of this or transmitted or or mechanical, without the written of EMERSON Motion The following of EMERSON Motion and fashion without written of EMERSON Motion EMERSON Motion EMERSON Motion EMERSON Motion of Emerson EMERSON Motion Inc. affiliated with Microsoft Corporation, of the MicroSoft, and NT This to to the released of the of and to further and the the and instances. inconsistency.
Customer Service It EMERSON Motion to with the of products. to fast, and That why offer to the Whether or EMERSON Motion information hours EMERSON Motion U.S.A. FAX You FAX and to EMERSON Motion FAX to the www.emersondrivesolutions.com If to technical The includes technical release and other technical This technical and software electronically. Service EMERSON Motion products backed of professionals who service wherever service ready to those the service hours service to Also, should they through service organization. please hand, and to the following information: Product found choosing About from the The type of or of that appear What when the occurred. to the You
EMERSON Motion service, the service when service or required. Services or EMERSON Motion highly trained of instructors to with EMERSON Motion products and their of offered, of which taught Application of factory tough or offer broad of and knowledge of motion Application or the Authorized EMERSON Motion directly with Processing the information EMERSON Motion
established to learn to this and easily. as these to those found other Microsoft and options type: the with the OK Source ERMS. the following typographic throughout this This Characters that type exactly as they appear. directed to type should type the characters exactly as they printed. information directed to type should type the instead of the shown type. ALL CAPITALS Directory and SMALL CAPS Non-printable ASCII characters. KEY1+KEY2 to and the first while the KEY1,KEY2 to and release the the other. people with these products, as follows: Warning the of this and Warning death, or property CAN the of this and or property CAN the of this and information about the or the respective of the which to highlight. Throughout this the to of the
Instructions Warning Qualified Reference to follow death or serious injury. The the shock and/or burns, and lethal. when with or to The comply with legislation the country of the of this and who with the installation, and of the and the involved. this the following trained and authorized to clear, ground and and with established trained the and of protective with established trained first The following related reference and useful with FM-3 Reference (P/N and EN Reference (P/N
Commissioning and This professional If the incorrectly, The and high and high of or mechanical that You should to the and to or the of malfunction. installation, and who the and and follow this information and the instruction This to mounted which trained and authorized and which the of This classified as with IEC664-1. This that non-conducting It that to to the You or Restoring or operation. of Within the Union machinery with which this with Directive 89/392/EEC, of Machinery. The and tested to high and the of offered the function forward/reverse and safety-critical without of protection. where malfunction or of to and further protection where Warning to follow death or serious injury. The this shock and/or burns, and lethal. when with or to this The comply with Considerations
legislation the country of AC supply isolation The AC supply from the isolation or servicing other than to the or specified the The which to the supply Allow least and seconds the supply carrying which with to the Products connected and where the incorporated which connected to the AC supply and the of the connected to the input, which from the charge the To of shock from the they disconnecting the from the (that latching Grounding (Earthing, The grounded to the of The ground shown the followed. or over-current protection the input with the instructions the of The that the isolated from least of insulation rated the AC supply
Introduction Installation Notes Mechanical Software PC FM-3 Installation. FM-3 Starting and Exiting Accessing and Troubleshooting Operation. Indicators. Specifications and Clearances. Customer Service. Reference Considerations. of
FM-3 FM-3 and function that to the front of the It input and four output to the four input and three the other function the FM-3 offers motion profiling. motion consists of or that such that the velocity of each the instructions motion the The FM-3 motion that includes function assignments and The created using EMERSON Motion FM-3 software the and as boxes. The of input and functions through assignments the software. Emerson Motion FM-3 easy-to-use Microsoft based and with FM-3 Function that the firmware whenever Function such as the FM-3 attached. Therefore, the FM then the firmware the the function memory. firmware the Emerson Motion this Emerson Motion FM-3 software to as FM-3. of the Introduction
FM-3 The FM-3 within the This allows to the FM-3 to another without I/O Expanded I/O FM-3 Character Soft Direction Arrow Connector SHLD VDC VDC MODEL FM-3 PART REV SER 9820B025 A5/A3
FM-3 Notes Mechanical You to follow such as grounding, correctly fused and effective Emergency Stop which immediately the of malfunction. the Considerations section information. The FM-3 and the when its attached to If FM-3 from to another, the and locking and to the FM-3 to the FM-3 and the accomplished with the located the of the FM-3. the FM each Gently the FM the the Attaching the FM-3 to or the FM-3 when to the It instability. the FM the the clicks the the top of the the the the
FM-3 Gently the FM from the motion to the Press the located the top of the FM. the FM each of the LCD. the top of the FM from the the clears the the FM of the and from the the FM-3 from the or the FM-3 when to the It instability. The RTU with The interface and PLCs. Stop Parity EMERSON Motion Motion Interface with Specifications
Software PC FM-3 FM-3 Emerson Motion FM-3 software users who to options and information the The software to commonly Required: Microsoft or Microsoft NT (service Recommended: MB or RAM and MB or NT. to MB of installation; MB Optional: Windows-compatible and and off protection software to conflicts. If another of and to overwrite that the To overwriting or created, them You Microsoft or Microsoft NT to M-3. To the the From the choose
FM-3 If You with Starting and Exiting Starting the Software the type where the assigned to Click the OK then follow the instructions about The automatically: Creates the directory C:\EMERSON\PT-FM3 Creates "EMERSON Motion Loads the directory. Loads the EMERSON\PT-FM3 directory. Loads the EMERSON\APPS directory. To the and NT, to to the located the information. If while Technical hour Click the the the of the Click the selection. The appears. Click the EMERSON Motion Click the Click the
Accessing Exiting the Software Choose from the then If using the the shortcut X. If displays whether to Click the or to or the to without and boxes This that and to the of each or Also, index-based There the to search the using Lastly, and reference information. It information that appear this To of the following: Press F1. Choose command from the Click the or Click the the Click the the and then the the
FM-3
FM-3 Indication FM-3 and Troubleshooting The the front of the shows FM-3 and the the the The the FM-3 information. The On when the and the input active. This that the ready to and motion motion. Motion commands motion Ready (R) and the On. The FM-3 and Ready functioning normally and ready to motion command. RMS to to of (E only) Ready to input. Homing Indexing Index
FM-3 Indication FM-3 Action to Bridge FM-3 executing. of and incorporated to the such as high DC and or with the the front of the or the input function. Other such as only the then On. The there DC where the the to the the interrupted. The cleared when the The below the from highest to lowest. This that active, only the higher displayed. the or Watch NVM or NVM
Action to Bridge FM-3 or Conf or High DC or High DC DC or State State HW or RMS or RMS ShuntPowr or Following or Following and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Action to Bridge FM-3 Normally "On" FM-3 This that the firmware the item from Emerson Motion to the firmware memory. If this EMERSON Motion would F/W The that the operating normally. If the firmware to this every the and cleared and This that the This with the or NVM At the the of the memory. This the of the memory FM-3 the the when the FM-3 the information about the
The FM this its previous and known the the FM matches the and to which the FM attached. This when FM from and the To the or with the and selections and the to the FM or If that the the FM or matches the and the seconds the cleared). to the or both the cleared the when the the FM match the and This when over-current or of supply This the of to ground, the or the of switching It the input and "On" High DC This whenever the the DC VDC. The of this would high AC or that (that with DC This whenever the the DC below The of this reduction (or of AC with this to caused State and and the to This usually the of feedback caused shielding. and Troubleshooting
FM-3 If of the The or This when the thermal switch to or incorrect RMS This when RMS than the rating of the internal This when the the Velocity This with FM-3 software. Following This when the following the following following With FM-3 the Following the This caused when the or input function active. "On" This of the It than second. If this EMERSON service
FM-3 FM-3 to and FM-3 This when the received from the FM-3 that the and ISR This when memory To correct, the FM-3. OutofSync This when the of To the and the This FM-3 the attempting to or overflows and caused that too or existing The user memory Download the using FM-3. of this such as MG C C and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Release MG operation the Release and These together to the of the The below shows the relationship the and motion should commanded while the Release Destination On Destination On On The Release function release the this function active, the (that release This function other allowing the to released while active or the function. The function, when active, the the Release function. This function externally the while allowing the to the and The function to the holding If the function off, the mechanically the the the front of the The to capacity, therefore, relay to EMERSON Motion offers relay, BRM-1.
The which or These to as and They from the the or from the located the front of the Source. early releases, the FM-3 the selections.) Source: Velocity Feedback Command Source Velocity Feedback Command Each includes and This allows to to effectively increasing the The both of these the Source selection. Velocity Feedback RPM Command of Velocity Feedback Command of You the to velocity overshoot. to velocity of RPM of 10V RPM the following. Selected Velocity Feedback the Source. the to RPM. the to RPM/VOLT. This active from to to to RPM. Therefore, the measured increased. and Troubleshooting
FM-3 The DGNE to with or The wires to shorting to each other. shorted to GND, the the protected. GND
Black (GND) DGNE (DGNE) D/A D/A DGNE and Troubleshooting Command Connector (J5)
FM-3 Active the The Active displayed whenever There options this and Active when the cleared. Others to or the to rebooted to cleared. If to the software without the the To that with the the the Detected or the the front of the where the occurred. To active the from the The displayed the as Active To the or the from the This the attached to the active to to These the and offer
Non-Programming The terms below appear the the of might when with software with the displayed, the and Assign to using assigning the of to Boolean that such as On or the FM3 there three that Boolean They Boolean and They Boolean and to assign their Boolean to another or such as become Boolean FM3 text to Boolean Several They the Boolean and therefore interchangeable. of mathematical and numbers) and that The right of (to the right of the The internal of software that reads text and the FM3 firmware. The that reported to as displayed the They indicated with To further information the of the the This on/off that displays and These while other than the The to and they section. The below. Can Not Index, Can Not Can Not The instance of Index, or Home. The of reached. The of instances, Instances and Instances If to instance and the of existing instances the this and Troubleshooting
FM-3 These while the creating the when click, when arrow off the when the when or when The and the with To further information the of the the This on/off that and Application to This the user know that there such as or that the from to the The information such as which to the the FYI: Application This the know that there such as or The operation completed, however other operations such as would this The information such as which to the the FM3 than The FM3 floating It to round off Decimals used, from the the to the right. the the The and The and FM3 and The and The and assigned The It only consisting of
only assigned text The It consisting of text Can This If then). type identified, and assignments greater than and than Couldn't Could the Couldn't from Text Could the Destination only assigned or Boolean The It only consisting of Boolean, and Instance You attempted the the only Boolean or Boolean This If then). type identified, and assignments without then they Boolean or Boolean The to match of the the FM3 base. selection. The matches of the that selection. and Troubleshooting
FM-3 The text Text to characters... To text to that FM3, text characters. If than characters, to than characters. The Boolean assigned or Boolean The consisting of Boolean, and The The type found. The You attempted to to The This when trying to to The The only Boolean or The only The selection text
The than the of the You attempted to assign with of than the The Units allow to the The the of the You attempted to that the To the this instruction and the the The of or or subtracted This type identified, and assignments or Booleans, Selections, text and The of or compared(=) This If then). type identified, and assignments Boolean and Selections and used. The of or or This type identified, and assignments or Booleans, Selections, text and compared. The Source assigned The to Source assignments the of assigned to Generally this three. Selections The Waitfor Instruction temporarily assigns its This to the assignment To instruction, there least assignment. and Troubleshooting
FM-3 The Selection assigned Selection The only selection Selection The selection text exactly match the selections of the Destination This instance This referencing instance that created the instance of This To and the Other Other instance the the to the This assigned selection The that to with selection selection This type assigned The of type that assignments. Source You assign to The selection this The that to with selection selection the selection to this Trying to assign selection with selection to the selection with the the selection the
Where Motion The when and or of Pressing the Where the FM-3 that appears the of the currently The Where the to know where the or when the user wishes to follow the flow of the While the the of the currently or the motion type currently appear the the of the FM- and Troubleshooting
FM-3
FM-3 and Clearances 3W from supply. I/O VDC. Function Characteristics I/O ON State VDC ON State OFF State 0-3VDC OFF State ON State I/O -1.5V ON State OFF State SHLD VDC Specifications
FM-3
FM-3 or FM-3 FM-3 SNCO-003 SNCI-003 FM-3 Command J5 SNCO-003 SNCI-003 SNCI-003 SNCDD-001.5 I/O SHLD VDC Customer LEGEND: DG 0V DIGITAL AG 0V ANALOG OUTPUTS CHASSIS SHIELD ANALOG OUT RS-485 I/O P.S. 24V DIFFL PULSE INPUT C V+ EN I/O P.S. OV INPUTS INPUTS MOTOR ENCODER OUTPUT ANALOG INPUT SINGLE END PULSE IN ECI-44 (Shown than SNCLI-003 Specifications FM-3 EN
FM-3 SNCE-XXX SNCDD-001.5 GRD SHIELD GRD C
SNCO-003 SNCI-003 Specifications
FM-3 SNCLI-003
CMDX-XXX CMDX White/Yellow and Yellow/White wires of the and shown the and Specifications
FM-3 CMDO-XXX CMDO White/Yellow and Yellow/White wires of the and shown the and
CDRO-XXX Specifications
FM-3 TIA-XXX DDS-XXX
TERM-H (Head) TERM-T the section Specifications
FM-3 CMDS-XXX CMMS-XXX
CFCS-XXX Specifications
FM-3 CFCO-XXX
CFOS-XXX Specifications
FM-3 Information (AC or www.schaffner.com Industries, Inc. Crouse-Hinds www.crouse-hinds.com P.O. MO. www.bussman.com E. Northwest IL. www.littlefuse.com USA GA. E. IL www.corcom.com
FM-3 "On", and C CDRO-XXX CFCO-XXX CFCS-XXX CFOS-XXX CMDO-XXX CMDS-XXX CMDX-XXX CMMS-XXX DDS-XXX Following High DC Notes, Introduction, DC
FM-3 Memory RMS Considerations, of Machinery, Commissioning and Ready, Ready to TERM-H (Head) Terminator, TERM-T Terminator, TIA-XXX
Since EMERSON Motion of the Emerson Company, the and of motion and software. EMERSON Motion to the industry supplying motion to efficiency. information about EMERSON Motion products and services, 1.800.39-SERVO or www.emersondrivesolutions.com. EMERSON Motion of Emerson U.S.A. or 1.800.39-SERVO Service: Printed U.S.A.