AM o ODELS CM-3000 CM-3200 ODELS CA-3000 CA-3200 USERS GUIDE o EDICAL PRODUCT INNOVATIONS SINCE
AM C C Introduction and Specifications Connectors and Procedure Cleaning and Disinfection Preventive and Troubleshooting Warranty and Service
AM SECTION The Emerson CoughAssist Mechanical (MI-E) clearing retained bronchopulmonary secretions applying to the then shifting to This mouthpiece or or high flow from the cough, to as mechanical insufflation-exsufflation. The CoughAssist MI-E (CA-3000, CA-3200) to the inspiratory and as as The CoughAssist MI-E (CM-3000, CM-3200) manually operated to from to and back. Those who might from the of the CoughAssist MI-E include with ineffective cough to myasthenia or other with of the such as injury. It to ineffective cough to other bronchopulmonary such as and bronchiectasis. It effective both trached and Indications to cough or clear secretions effectively to reduced cough than to second), from high or associated with this Contraindications: with history of known to pneumothorax or or known to should C
AM C EQUIPMENT CLASSIFICATION IEC Safety, the CoughAssist MI-E classified as follows: SECTION Class which protection shock basic insulation only, includes the cord. ground the AC grounded BF of with of that of protection shock, allowable and of the protective earth (grounding). that from the the and isolated from other of the Water Ingress: This protection of Disinfection: With the of the this ted isopropyl or Section Cleaning and Disinfection.) Anesthetics: This the of anesthetic with or the of anesthetic with or Operation: This and The should continuously than such the should turned off or with the blower least
AM IMPOR TANT SAFEGUARDS Throughout this the following apply: Warning/DANGER: that or to or instructions followed. CAUTIONS: that to or function. known to should and closely. and/or the from pulled the CoughAssist MI-E the first the which the normally Therapy. should treatment, and or as tolerated) increase the used. the of anesthetics. should to grounded outlet only. or the where or pulled or If the with the the CoughAssist MI-E or properly, or or Therapy includes the of or or CPAP (Continuous or IPPB Breathing).
AM C with the characteristics, and the cover; there serviceable the service to authorized and each treatment. C (USA) restricts this to by, or the of physician. the CoughAssist MI-E that the the and of the the attached to the when the This and The should continuously than such the should turned off or with the blower least Turn the off when the from heated with or the or housing. This should trained
AM SECTION Negative Inhalation Flow: Exhalation Flow Capacity: of Operation: Exhalation, Blower Specifications: Humidity Specifications: Conforms to UL STD to CAN/CSA STD C22.2 601.1-M90, liters/second with flow to to inhalation, the the as the exhalation flow liters/second; and to to O; of CA-3000, CA-3200: and CM-3000, CM-3200: CA-3000, CA-3200: to seconds CM-3000, CM-3200: to Two-stage blower with AC/DC CA-3000, CM-3000: VAC, CA-3200, CM-3200: VAC, CA-3000, CM-3000: VA CA-3200, CM-3200: VA CA-3000, CA-3200: CM-3000, CM-3200: to +40C to +104F) to +50C to +122F) to to C C
C ONTROLS CONNECTORS VISUAL INDICATORS o SECTION CA-3000, CA-3200 C the to or phase of Not the phase of Not the phase of Not the The switch or off the CoughAssist MI-E. The the switch the activated light within the switch The the off to manually the to or Not the the inhalation and exhalation together Recessed carrying with Flow: There inhalation flow and Reduced NOTE: using reduced inhalation flow there reduction the inhalation and of the Access to the the to O when the off Section Indicates the O.
AM CM-3000, CM-3200 C the inhalation and exhalation together to manually the to or The switch or off the The the switch the activated light within the switch The the off Recessed carrying with Flow: There inhalation flow and Reduced NOTE: reduced inspiratory flow there reduction inspiratory the inhalation and of the Access to the the to when the turned off Section Indicates the O. o
C Cord Wrap/Breathing Hose Cord Securely the to the location This located to the protective earth the that the earthed (grounded). This the year of of the The and of authorized appears below of conformity to Directive, the the of Product
SECTION the right to the the of the the of the to as the within easy reach of the or the of the CAUTION: the that the the and of the the breathing hose and interface) as follows: the to the the front the 3-foot ID smooth bore breathing hose to the the interface to the breathing interface options include facemask and mouthpiece, or (A facemask and included with each the AC grounded outlet of NOTE: There with other CoughAssist MI-E IEC Interference and Immunity, Safety, and Tests, which both and immunity. C
AM Each the (inhalation) and (exhalation) this the first to with such as and to the with the of mechanical insufflation-exsufflation. increased as to clearance. WARNING that these the CoughAssist MI-E effective- clearing Increasing should the effectiveness. Turn the switch. the flow to or reduced. the to the and the of the breathing the switch to only). the to the exhalation phase (to the the the and the the to the reading the the to the inhalation phase to the right). the reading turning the to the reading the (clockwise to increase and counterclockwise to the from to and back to that the and readings correct. Release the to that the immediately to O. If to the Section of this
AM (CA-3000, CA-3200 LY If the of the CoughAssist MI-E to used, the as follows: Each cough consists of inhalation phase, exhalation phase and phase, which inhalation The each phase with the three the of the front Normally, and to to seconds and the to seconds, or the to seconds, the preference. the switch to the and that the from to then to and repeats the switch back to to the the should to O. AT Treatment consists of or coughing The then allowed to to seconds, which hyperventilation. The then repeated to treatment. WARNING: and each treatment. the interface to the the switch to the only). the to the (to the right) and the to the to seconds. the to the (to the to induce the cough, holding there to seconds. The then the seconds, or shifted immediately to the phase another cough the preference. to the interface from the and allow breathing to to seconds), or the back the currently prolonged to the this resting clear secretions that become the mouth, throat or C
AM C (CA-3000, CA-3200 only): the interface to the To the automatically, the switch to the The from to to and back to to the switch back to the the interface from the and allow breathing to to seconds), or the back the currently prolonged connected to the this resting clear secretions that become the mouth, throat or CAUTION: This and The should continuously than such the should turned off or with the least PERATION ERIFICATION ALL MODELS It recommended that the CoughAssist MI-E tested to that the to the or the or phase. To this, follow these to the and the of the Turn the switch ON. the switch to the only). the clockwise the from to and the to that and to the Release the from the and that the immediately to O. the the to the should
AM SECTION AT C C Institutional Breathing Interface and If the to than the replaced. If the to than the to to the NOTE: The should Breathing Interface and the breathing hose and interface should thoroughly and These completely The which protects the from from the as as or to the NOTE: The should The of the and housing with and or with cleaning such as isopropyl CAUTION: with or the or housing. C C
AM CCESSORIES The following obtained from J.H. Emerson SECTION CoughAssist MI-E The CoughAssist MI-E consists of 3-foot smooth bore and Breathing Hose 3-foot smooth bore with NOTE: Corrugated reduction rates as as whistling sound. The of than reduction rates as Facemask and Facemask and
AM SECTION C This to of Sharp to the or the to required. the clean. that the the CoughAssist MI-E from or heat WARNING: the cover; there serviceable the service to authorized Technical Information: J.H. Emerson of with schematics and to technical only. C
AM If the to when the turned off the cover the and the screw to using screwdriver. If to this the should servicing. If the connected to the and the light within the switch when the switch actuated, or both of the The of as follows: the from and the from the the of the the the with the the prying the the top with screw or the to the Press each of the to the (the to the the right to the right) and both of the Inspect both and necessary, with with ratings, as shown the Product To the of the and the its Access each and the the and the cord.
AM SECTION C ARRANTY The CoughAssist MI-E warranted to free of or workmanship C USTOMER ERVICE about this please Customer Service J.H. Emerson MA Phone: or www.coughassist.com AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE FOR THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITY P.O. AC The
AM or J.H. MERSON C MA www.coughassist.com