P/N C Motion
You This to Motion The following information this Customer service technical the Motion Customer Service the U.S.A., phone 800-522-MASS free) and (U.S.A.) other locations, phone the U.K., (toll-free) other locations, (The Customers the U.S.A. Motion service Troubleshooting to the and troubleshooting Motion, Inc. rights ELITE and and MVD and MVD Direct of Motion, Inc., Motion of Motion, Inc., The Motion and Emerson and service of Emerson other property of their respective owners. Customer service Definitions. installations options Location. the Mounting the Grounding. Additional information High You
You Specifications specifications found the Product which from the Motion www.micromotion.com Definitions The MVD to the following and and The high-temperature to the following F025A and F025B F050A and F050B F100A or F100B The high-temperature to the following F025C and F025E F050C and F050E F100C and F100E This Motion with when properly with the instructions this to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com/atex or through Motion Information to that with the Directive found the www.micromotion.com/library options The of The other with the following interfaces: connecting to mounted or to user-supplied or connecting to mounted or mounted integrally mounted IFT9701 High-temperature and high-temperature with which mounted or Installation:
with Installation: Flow arrow with You Core housing Core housing
You with integrally mounted Core housing Installation: Flow arrow with or
with Junction Flow arrow with Junction You
You with integrally mounted IFT9701 Installation: Flow arrow with IFT9701 IFT9701
High-temperature or high-temperature with Flow arrow or shown) You
Location Choose location the based the this section. The following location the flow performance, the should of the specified the the which the that to the Motion shipped with the or from the Motion www.micromotion.com to Motion instructions, shipped with the or from the Motion installations to EN apply. The and of the shown and other than high-temperature and extreme-high high-temperature and high-temperature Installation:
and high-temperature and high-temperature Notes: below F C), heated to its to F C) and F C). Long-term of below F C) recommended. further restricted The option allows the to insulated without covering the or ratings. Installation: of or F (C) Mount remotely; Mount remotely; F (C) Location
Location and (high-temperature and high-temperature of or F (C) Notes: below F C), heated to its to F C) and F C). Long-term of below F C) recommended. further restricted and the ATEX T to the ATEX shipped with the or the Motion www.micromotion.com and NEPSI the ATEX T UL and CSA Table UL and CSA F C UL F025, F050, F100, F200 Junction or to to IFT9701 CSA high-temperature or high-temperature High-temperature and options to to high-temperature High-temp. high-temp. Mount remotely; F (C) Junction IFT9701 Core or to to
If the mounted from the the the and type. Table high-temperature and high-temperature the following: with the to integrally mounted the apply. with or the apply to the the or and mounted The of the which the or mounted to considered. Table type Motion to MVD Not or Motion to other Not Motion Not User-supplied wires (VDC) AWG wires (RS-485) AWG or Motion straight of or downstream. the and the the flow through the and the completely of downstream from the recommended to flow the information about to the instruction shipped with the Installation: AWG AWG
the the The function properly the with Motion recommends orienting as shown Recommended The when CIP to the flow velocity of least cleaning the Flow arrow The flow arrow to the If the that the flow arrow matches flow. If the and should through the or and mount Flow
Mounting the to and to mount the To reduce the of or the should The of the or rotated freely to Mounting Installation: Mounting the
Mounting the Mounting the of high-temperature and high-temperature High-temperature and high-temperature with This agency factory-supplied or connected to the of the Mount the to or the mounting high-temperature Installation: to the to the the the to the with the screws. Mounting mount) Mounting to the to
Improperly sealed housings to which or Inspect and grease and and housing covers and options The of the following or IFT9701 the and the to Grounding to Core to below. to to the Motion MVD Direct to Junction to or Core to Follow the below to the the and the of the following to shield the from the to the If that termination shielding the to of the If user-supplied with shielded or armored terminate the shields the both the armored and the shield the the wires to the internal ground screw of the to of the If Motion-supplied the housing: the and apply shielded heat as below. The shielded heat shield termination the when whose shield consists of and Proceed to of the below. With armored where the shield consists of the as below, apply heat Proceed to of the below. the cover from the housing. the and the the Installation:
Motion and heat the housing, shielded as follows armored and inches of the clear that the and the the wires. the shield that around the insulated wires, leaving inch of or and wires exposed, and the wires. the shield wire(s) around the off the wire. the shield the shielded heat the shield wire(s). The should completely cover the wires. Without burning the apply heat F or C) to the heat
Applying the heat the with the heat the cloth shield or and wires the and inch the the cloth shield the the housing and housing the wires through the and the the If the housing to allow the housing to without the wires. the wires the The Motion consists of of AWG wires and which should the VDC and of AWG and white), which should the RS-485 the four wires to the the
Connecting the wires the and tighten the housing cover. Additional instructions the found the ground the shield and shield wire(s) the Junction to or Follow the below to the the and the or and the to the instructions Motions Flowmeter Preparation and the of the wires the should exposed. Match the wires the or to the Tighten the screws to the wires of then tightly and the cover and housing covers the or Installation: supply supply (Black Core housing ground screw to earth ground grounded and ground to internally) shield wires to this RS-485B wire) RS-485A (White wire)
Grounding The grounded the the the ground-bonded. If the grounded the ground to the internal or grounding screw, which located the housing or grounding the to earth, or follow ground the facility. If follow these to ground the AWG or grounding. ground leads as as than ground leads directly to earth, or follow High Table shows the ratings high Table high EN-1092 rating 50C 100C 150C 200C 250C 300C 350C 400C 427C PN ASTM rating rating type F025S, F050S, F050A, F050C. rating type F025A, F025C, F025P, F050P. rating C-22 Installation: B1 EN PN40 B1 B2 EN PN100 B2 B2 EN PN100/160 B2 B1 EN PN40 C-22 Grounding
If the they should sealed the should purged with or and resealed. the protects internal The purged of and sealed the factory. If the to or the information, Motion Customer Service. Removing If from the to the the secondary of the and the to when of the injury. Removing the to with Follow instructions the instructions the It to this the process, or operation. Performing the while the operating flow the the process, or operation. both from the If used, the the the them with of Teflon the supply of or to the or the outlet to introducing or other the If the than the than the the from to top. If the than (such as the higher than the the from top to there tight the and suction the or the process. The the amount of of atmosphere to each the to Table If used, increase the to the of the the At the off the supply, then immediately the outlet and with the If the atmospheric operation, the Installation:
Table to F025 F050 F100 F200 F300 If used, increase to the the tight suction the Installation:
Motion when These with government and Motion to follow Motion refused Information and www.micromotion.com or phoning the Motion Customer Service New and that from the and New and completed Authorization Used that classified as and used. This completely and cleaned Used completed Authorization and that with the If completed include certifying and that with the Installation:
Motion, Inc. rights P/N C the Motion specifications, the PRODUCTS section of www.micromotion.com Motion Inc. USA Worldwide Headquarters Circle Motion Emerson WX The Motion United Emerson Bredbury SK6 2SU U.K. Motion Emerson of Motion Emerson