CAUTION: instructions installation. this reference. HD7002 HD7005 EMERSON AIR HD7002 HD7005 SP6470 Printed
products covered this warranted and year from the of motors, which years. This warranty apply to from or where the connected than the to improperly or wired or of this other written or oral warranty or other authorized to of Emerson The incurred the or and of the repairs. Within the of this warranty, should freight to the Emerson authorized service and or option, charge to with freight Emerson. It that such or the from Emerson and that Emerson Not Including allow the or of or the or apply to The warranty rights, and other rights which from to or to as of purchase warranty GENERAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Words DANGER: the information seriously or WARNING: the information serious- or CAUTION: the information seriously or To reduce the of fire or shock directly 120V, A.C. cords. the of areas. To reduce the of fire the heat or heaters. the cleaning, or whenever the service. Warranty the clean. the while or To reduce the of or to or while To reduce the of to when bot- or when the To reduce the of shock, the or with the shown. WARNING: To reduce of fire, shock, or servicing or cleaning.
Cover Assembly HD7002 HD7005 Capacity of Capacity of Bottle of Light Rotary CUL A.C. Amps Based with insulation and 8-foot HDC-2R or HDC411 NOTE: HDC411 changes. Assembly
Operations Emerson to through the of of the to the bottle and the the to the and become from the of the and through the of through the the and then released through the top of the This released the of the tion the the which that the the the CAUTION: clean. While colds, that cold-like To this, with cleaners cally recommended CAUTION: only EPA from or to should treatment products or Assembly Emerson AIR Follow the instructions of this owners completely assembled to 120V A.C. the location preferably the cord. WARNING: To reduce the of fire or shock cords. should directly 120V A.C. To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the If to Through the Rear the the Then Released Through the Top
Location Instructions WARNING own or of house where or which would throughout the house, such as the the carpeting. (humidity) the whole house, to the the highest humidity. If the to the If this the should repositioned another location. NOTE: to release of cool, from to from thermostat and It to Water WARNING: To reduce the of shock, cleaning or servicing. WARNING: To reduce the of fire or shock or or If them and authorized service This with the bottle located the bottle cover to the of the assembly. The should where to and from the of the Unit should where from directly The should with the back least inch- from the to through the the to Water At Least From Wall
Water (continued) To this the and the bottle cover. To the bottle, the bottle straight and of the The bottle with E-Z- the the of the bottle counterclockwise. the of the bottle (the bottle should four-inch clearance the bottle. only clear the the twisting clockwise. only. the following: bottle and the bottle upright Press about to Release the around If hear or and NOTE: If the or the and the of the off from the bottle. the bottle back the the bottle and the operation, the facing the of the the and flow the The matically the bottle empty.The ready operation. Turn Counterclockwise to
The operating of Emerson located the top right of the The found the cover the cover the round and The cover clearly the with the and their as below. the amount of The and off as to of selected. and recommended, there when or high amount of operation of rotating the clockwise allows the amount of to the continuously. IMPORTANT: Water to or walls. should lowered Flow The from OFF to high with three The higher the the and released the the and that as high Light the amount of the light and the off.
of and flow to speed. Humidity to and NOTE: should with the recommended and If the atively high To the this turn Humidity the to clockwise and should to the tested, to or Allow hours to If the only with Humidity or near IMPORTANT: Water to win- or walls. HUMIDITY should lowered Performance the least inches from and from heat from or exiting the to bacteria that and to health. If and the Light illuminated, the the that or to the The below shows which recommended The below shows which to the of the Recommended Humidity -10F 0F 10F 20F RELATIVE HUMIDITY cleaning as instructed Cleaning section of this recommended. the least once humidification season or
and of WARNING: To reduce the of shock or from or CAUTION: To bacteria and the should least once season, or often only Emerson HDC-2R or HDC411 NOTE: HDC411 clear only. to To the Emerson follow the instructions below: and to clean. the the to where coverings to or bath areas. To the bottle cover. the assembly and bottle. and the housing from the and to the The Water Water Assembly Water Housing
and of (continued) the and of properly. Clean internal of the the Cleaning section of owners the with the the the of the the resting the of the the housing to the the housing the the back of the housing the and the of the the housing the the the of the housing. assembly the the section below the the housing. The of the assembly hous- should the of the bottle and the bottle cover. The right of the bottle cover should the of the The ready or to the season. Water Cover Assembly Water Water Housing Beads
Cleaning WARNING: To reduce the of injury, fire or to cleaners specifically or to To reduce the of and to CAUTION: from to and and bacteria the of the of the To bacteria that and to health, Emerson HDC-2R or HDC411 EPA- NOTE: If necessary to follow correctly. To cleaning the should emptied. To accomplish this, allow the to the the OFF. the WARNING: If housing to and to necessary. NOTE: the internal of the the to where coverings to or the bottle and bot- the assembly the front and and off the clean the housing assembly of the and to the the and from the To the the to from the of the Empty the bot- tom of Proceed to or End-of-Season as below. the the and the and the housing top of the the assembly top of the and the to the location bottle with fresh and bottle cover. the 120V A.C. and the the section of this
Cleaning Removing ounce of white the tion Clean with cloth with white and the to thoroughly with to and cleaning disinfecting the assembly and with cloth only. Disinfecting Water and of and bleach the normally to Empty with bleach Allow to completely. Water bottle should cleaned the CAUTION: from of other treatment products the should treatment products or of Season Follow instructions of humidification season. and throw completely with or bottle. location. season to the or
Troubleshooting TROUBLE Unit and Light Unit off. Unit completely. to empty. Unit emptying operation. empty- and/or bottle empty. Water appears. PROBABLE CAUSE off Selected obtained. free. This bottle. of Unit the of the This FOR TECHNICAL HELP If the USA If REMEDY Turn clockwise. from obstruction. amount of the light and assembly to tightness. bottle. to fresh of bottle. Reposition that bottle of allow to the than the right to the of the bottle the to Clean as instructed and EPA appear.
PARTS LIST FOR EMERSON HUMIDIFIER MODEL NO. HD7002 HD7005
HD7002 HD7005 Stationary Screw, Head AB Housing, HDC-2R HDC-2R or HDC411 or HDC411 Caster, Twin Water Screw, Head AB Switch, Switch Switch, Three Light, Assembly (includes Cord (Not Illustrated) SP6470 SP6470 information about Emerson AIR www.moistair.com FOR PARTS: If the USA If
FOR TECHNICAL HELP, CALL FROM USA OR FROM CANADA (Please Emerson SP6470 SP6470 Printed TM L3P 3J3