Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February MSP422 www.mobrey.com
Reference BA BA MSP422 February www.mobrey.com MSP422 this with the and and performance, thoroughly the or this The products this NOT This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. NOTICE
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February Section Introduction SAFETY MESSAGES Procedures and instructions this to the of the the operations. Information that indicated to the the of each section operation this www.mobrey.com Customer to follow these installation death or serious injury. the installation. the only as specified this to the protection the death or serious The MSP422 location shock death or serious when with the leads and of of and allowed.
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February MANUAL OVERVIEW This and information the MSP422 CUSTOMER SUPPORT the information, www.mobrey.com, and then the Service or Product PRODUCT of and should RECYCLING/DISPOSAL The and should of with and legislation. Section Section Section Section Service and Troubleshooting A: Reference B: Product who products to they of, and the If the to as OSHA, of the (MSDS) each included with the
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February Section THEORY OF OPERATION The MSP422 to mounted and to continuously the to the The the the and the of the reflected to the Typical Application MSP422 www.mobrey.com Theory of of the with the reference of the usually the of the MSP422 the and to that LCD the displays the selected of the MSP422 achieved the push-buttons the and the shown the LCD The MSP422 mounted only. Reference
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February COMPONENTS OF THE The MSP422 housing containing advanced processing, and terminals the supply. TRANSMITTER The from the The MSP It the wires both supply and the two-core, shielded/screened the MSP422 the section Specifications A-1. With: and MSP422 FEATURES M20 Thread Mounting Thread Housing
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February Section SAFETY MESSAGES Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated Please to the following preceded this www.mobrey.com You Mechanical death or serious The MSP422 only location to follow and servicing death or serious the installation. the only as specified this to the protection the service other than those this death or serious that the High that leads shock: with leads and the to the MSP422 off and the to other disconnected or while
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February BEFORE YOU INSTALL The MSP422 Considerations The location where protected from to of the plastics shrouded from sunlight. It to correctly the and of the reading, the should shrouded from sunlight and radiated heat. The to with recommended that the following where NOTE: The MSP422 to mounted or The of recommended trained with the of If the to with the of the user to that from affected, that the type of protection compromised. or that or that Precautions as of inspections, or establishing, from the that to chemicals. The only cleaned with cloth. The to repaired the user and to Repairs should the or The Insulated and therefore Protective Earthing required. To protection the of fire, the to the to Amps or other that the specified the the protection the impaired. The with the Directive (EMC) Class B. To should NOTE: It to mount the to of such as or other high-powered
Reference IP2013, BA February MECHANICAL INSTALLATION Mounting Considerations The should mounted the the 2-inch thread than to the The than to the "Mounting the the Optional and to The should mounted vertically to from the The of the Obstructions the or which with the Obstructions within the Wherever the should to To detecting the or to of least from the of the every foot to the obstruction. the located the of the or and the smooth and free of there reduction the It recommended that the mounted than to the to reduction the If the mounted with top, mounting the the of the this as and where heavy the If the mounted stand-off or the should least the If this "Mounting the the If the where sunlight high recommended. MSP422
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February From Wall Conditions Effects C C Foaming reduce the of the reflector. Mount of clear such as the to or or where this the mounted that the of the least and smooth and free from or It that the of the covered to the of foams. mounting the directly or Mount the off-center of to the If become uncovered, they as they through the The learn to these "Learn About From with rounded or bottoms, mount the off-center. If perforated plate the directly the to satisfactory casings, as the mounting the directly If this of the C Beam
Reference IP2013, BA February Mounting the thread to mount the The thread BSPT or NPT and clearly the of the the NOTE: The MSP422 to mounted or The of recommended. To and from Procedure: that the to the to the that the the of the with or stand-off PTFE the screw thread the through the Turn the properly the Tighten to of using the the housing to NOTE: If the the the Table and that the smooth and free from internal or other using to the the screws and to The of and "Specifications" A-1. PTFE the screw thread of the the the Tighten to of the the housing to NOTE: The and PVC threaded which to mount the the The and A-4 A-4. MSP422
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February Mounting The MSP422 Nozzle/Stand-off Tighten To The Not The Housing To Table (D) and (L) Mounting the MSP422 Bracket NOTE: If the the the and that the smooth and from or other (D) (L) DN50 DN80 DN100 DN125 Bracket Combined of and PTFE 4X Screw Plated) PVC
Reference IP2013, BA February ELECTRICAL INSTALLATION Cabling the The MSP422 supply. There entry. or to the weather-proof MSP422 to (4 to Twisted-pair, Screened SWG AWG) SWG AWG) Completing the To the weather-proof rating and protection of the and NOTE! The MSP422 intrinsically certified, and therefore (Ordinary Location) installations only. To the that the supply switched off. the cover of the housing. the through the the as shown the (shield) to ground only. the cover, the gland. T1: T2: that the cover and or the location the cover, the three cover screws to the cover MSP422 to
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February Lightning Protection and Other Devices If the to or the and the If or included the the of A-2).
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February Section SAFETY MESSAGES Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated warning to the the of each section this www.mobrey.com The MSP422 death or serious The MSP422 only location to follow and servicing death or serious the installation. the only as specified this to the protection the service other than those this qualified.
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February OVERVIEW The MSP422 operated from of each memory location within the The memory locations as and the using and the turned the seconds to The first characters, and then showing the software Finally, of while the the these the the based the factory memory. to the allow or to the or the boards the instructions below to the push-buttons to through the and or the firmly, too to the boards. Also, to incorrect the buttons too fast. the button through option Pressing the locations the to the previous the The shown The the factory with each location that when the first applied, the reading. This section the the push-buttons the On the reading based the the reference. The ready to with of the The to, or retained the memory the turned off. however, the option selection or flashing), this option selection
Reference IP2013, BA February MSP422 MSP422 MSP422
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February PROGRAMMING the the housing and and THE MSP422 Units The indicated the of the the displayed PV Units as follows: MSP422-B28: MSP422-N28: NOTE: of the showing to the options and to the PV To the from the PV the the seconds, release The then to the following MSP422-B28: to to and to MSP422-N28: to to and to to the to to the the three seconds. Confirm the releasing the The when the reference and the and The to or of the There the of the although below recommended. The or below the to the or NOTE: The MSP422 and The as operation factor.
Reference IP2013, BA February First With the and selected, the what the as the This the as the the measured and the the or reference Reference of the the to the PV to as measured the from the This shown with the text to the The required. NOTE: useful this that the as With or the the to the of the This noted and when Press the to to the This of to (It to than With the this the once received, which once second. NOTE: It this to that the received. the of the the highest continually shown. the to Press the to to the reading and the NOTE: The of the as the The to the or reading from other of four Reference MSP422 Distance-to-target
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February the Reference and and NOTE: of the and to the To the reference If the from the PV the to the option Press the to the The the If this correct, the and then the to to the option. Press the to editing. The first flashes to edited. Press the repeatedly to the flashing Press the to to the The flashes to edited. and the flashing, and edited as Press the to the of the should flashing. If the correct, the to The to the option. If the incorrect, the to to the The re-appears; or the The or below, the to the or NOTE: To the and the to such as the the these options the to to the option. NOTE: of the and to the To the If the from the PV the repeatedly the option indicated Press the to the the The the of the
Reference IP2013, BA February the If this correct, the and then the to to the option. Press the to editing. The first to edited. Press the repeatedly to the flashing Press the to to the The flashes to edited. and the flashing, and edited as required. Press the to the of the should flashing. If the correct, the to The to the option. If the incorrect, the to to the The re-appears; or the NOTE: of the and to the To the If the from the PV the repeatedly the option indicated Press the to the the The the of the If this correct, the and then the to to the option. Press the to editing. The first flashes to edited. Press the repeatedly to the flashing Press the to to the The flashes to edited. and the flashing, and edited as Press the to the of the should flashing. If the correct, the to The to the option. If the incorrect, the to to the The re-appears; or the The seconds, and as smoothing to the reading and the to seconds. the of smoothing of and smooth the of and the (It would to than seconds). of edited, which smoothing to the and readings immediately the MSP422
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February Selecting the Action AL Condition NOTE: The MSP422 nominally once second. Therefore, of NOTE: of the and to the options. To the output If the from the PV the repeatedly the option indicated Press the to the The the If this correct, the and then the to to the option. Press the to editing. The first flashes to edited. Press the repeatedly to the flashing Press the to the The flashes to edited. and the and edited as required. Press the to the of the should flashing. If the correct, the to The to the option. If the incorrect, the to to the The re-appears; or the The the than seconds. There three options The the increase to and there recovered. The flashes LE and the action. The the reading and there recovered. The flashes LE and the reading. The the to and there recovered. The flashes LE and the action. NOTE: of the and to the
Reference IP2013, BA February and S--4 and S-20 To from the action of If the from the PV the repeatedly the AL option indicated Press the to the AL The the action If this action correct, the and then the to to the option. Press the to editing. The action flashes to edited. Press the repeatedly to through the Press the to action. The flashing then If the action correct, the to The to the option. If the action incorrect, the to to the The AL re-appears; or the NOTE: If the and as this overwrites previously them Press the to to the option, This the or the to known the NOTE: of the and to the To the If the from the PV the repeatedly the S--4 option indicated the the and, with the indicating that the The the the reading. If this correct, the and then the to to the option. Press the to editing. The flashes and the reading. Press the to the reading the If the correct, the to The to the option. If the incorrect, the to to the The option S--4 re-appears; or the option. MSP422
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February Learn About The MSP422 easy-to-use (Learn) that allows the From to learn to which then operations. NOTE: of the and to the To the If the from the PV the repeatedly the S-20 option indicated the the and, with the that the The the the reading. If this correct, the and then the to to the option. Press the to editing. The flashes and the reading. Press the to the reading the If the correct, the to The to the option. If the incorrect, the to to the The option S-20 re-appears; or the option. If the and there the to the and the to indicating the reading the If other than the and incorrect reading indicated, the learn to this The or or NOTE: of the and to the To If the from the PV the repeatedly the option indicated Press the to the The where X or the of To to the this the and then the to to the option. To the seconds. The flashes and the four seconds, the and the with the to the
Reference IP2013, BA February FINAL CHECKS the reading correctly. You to the that the cover the cover, and It should or the cover the and the three cover screws to the that the securely and the sheath. POWER FAILURE EPROM memory. the of or from the supply, the of and once restored. Press the to this and to the this shouldn't the to to the To another from Press the to the and to the PV NOTE: If there the allow another to the memory cleared NOTE: the around the and from that the from the than the There the while the through this which to of NOTE: of the and to the options. To clear the If the from the PV the repeatedly the option indicated Press the to the With the and the seconds to clear the memory. The then Press the to to the Press the to the and to the PV MSP422
Reference IP2013, BA February MSP422
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February Section Service and Troubleshooting SAFETY MESSAGES Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated Please to the following this www.mobrey.com Servicing The MSP422 death or serious injury. The MSP422 location to follow and servicing death or serious the installation. the only as specified this to the protection the service other than those this High that leads shock. with leads and the to the MSP422 off, and the to other or while the
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February SERVICING The only to the to and that the cover and DIAGNOSTICS FOR THE MSP422 Troubleshooting Flashing LE With There the MSP422. If the supply. there of the that the insulation the Reading that the ticking about once second. If there the should replaced. The which the or that the of of the the of the or information This that the possibly the or the of the the or of Flashing LE With Reading This that the satisfactory from the This of of of reasons, foaming, or that the from and The with the If the to Second, that the vertically the and the received If the the or the the to of the (LE) when there seconds. Within the seconds, the output fixed. If, the seconds, satisfactory received, the increase to the selected and the flashes LE and the reading. If satisfactory within the seconds, established and the LE
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February Reference SPECIFICATIONS Product MSP and time-of-flight Measuring Performance to to than Reference Conditions of measured and Units or Units Units selection push-buttons with LCD to Earthing On High High Entry M20 twisted-pair and shielded, AWG), AWG) of Construction PVDF Cover Glass-filled Seal Screws EPDM Mechanical Mounting Thread NPT, or BSP. Optional of Measuring www.mobrey.com Specifications A-1 and A-2 A-2 A-3
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February to F to C) to F to C) to to Protection IP EN61326 (Class B) F C), (atmospheric and Humidity: A-2 TEMPERATURE AND The rating the of the with the PRESSURE RATINGS A-1. and LOAD LIMITATIONS The from A-2. A-2. A-2 OPERATING RANGE The rating selection C) C) (V) C) NOTE
Reference IP2013, BA February DIMENSION DRAWINGS A-3. Housing) inches 5.7 (144) MSP422 MSP422 M20 Entry A/F Thread A-3
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February A-4. The NPT/BSPT mounting inches SIDE VIEW END VIEW ACTUAL VIEW WITH TRANSMITTER MOUNTED A-4 Bracket TYP. NPT/BSPT Threaded PVC 1.02 (26) The combined of and 4X Screw Plated)
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February Product Certifications SAFETY MESSAGES Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated warning Please to the following this www.mobrey.com B-1 Location B-2 Union Directive Information B-2 Non-hazardous Location B-2 death or serious The MSP422 location to follow and servicing death or serious the and with of the as specified this to the protection the service other than those this High that leads shock: with leads and the to the off and the to other disconnected or while the
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February MANUFACTURING Slough, United LOCATION EUROPEAN UNION DIRECTIVE INFORMATION NON-HAZARDOUS LOCATION CERTIFICATIONS American and Factory (FM) Ordinary Location B-2 NOTE: to the housing to the The EC of conformity this obtained Directive (PED) (97/23/EC) The MSP422 the of the PED Directive (EMC) (2004/108/EC) EN NOTE: to the housing to the The examined and tested to that the basic mechanical, and fire protection FM, nationally testing laboratory (NRTL) as accredited the and Health Administration (OSHA). Association (CSA) Location The examined and tested to that the basic mechanical, and fire protection CSA, nationally testing laboratory as accredited the Council of (SCC).
Reference IP2013, BA MSP422 February The Emerson and service of Emerson Rosemount of Rosemount Inc. of other the property of their respective owners. the right to or the or specifications of and services without rights International: Emerson Slough, SL1 4UE, UK www.mobrey.com IP2013 BA Americas: Emerson Rosemount MN USA (USA) (International)