SP6551 PM CAUTION: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLATION. SAVE THIS OWNERS MANUAL FOR FUTURE REFERENCE. HD1405 SP6551 Printed HD14050
SP6551 PM products covered this warranted workmanship and from the of motors, which warranted years. This warranty apply to from or where the connected than the to the improperly or wired or of this other written or oral warranty employee, or other authorized to of Emerson. The incurred the or and of the repairs. Within the of this warranty, should with of the freight to service and or option, charge to with Emerson. It that such or the from Emerson and that Emerson Not Including or allow the or of or the or apply to The warranty rights, and other rights which from to or to as of purchase warranty GENERAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Words DANGER: the information followed seriously or WARNING: the information seriously or CAUTION: the information To reduce the of fire or shock directly 120V, A.C. cords. the of areas. To reduce the of fire the heat or heaters. the the assembly section, cleaning, or whenever the service. Warranty the clean. the while or To reduce the of or to or while To reduce the of to when bottles or when the To reduce the of shock, the or with the shown below. WARNING: To reduce the of fire, shock, or servicing or cleaning.
SP6551 PM HDC-12 or HDC12C Light Housing HD1405 Capacity of Bottles (U.S. Each Capacity of Bottles of (HDC-12) or (HDC12C) Light Dryout Rotary CUL A.C. Amps Based with insulation and foot ANSI/AHAM HU-1-1997, SEC. Clarity Light Assembly
SP6551 PM Operations Emerson to through the of of the to the bottles and tioned the the to the and become from the of the and through the of through the the and then released through the top of the This released the of the the the which that the the the CAUTION: only EPA from should treatment products or Unpacking Assembly Emerson completely assembled to the containing from top of and required. tions. the from 120V A.C. the location preferably With the the location, the or the the cord. WARNING: To reduce the of fire or shock should 120V A.C. cords. To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only Through the Rear CAUTION: clean. While colds, that cold-like To this, with cleaners cally recommended and follow the tions of this owners The located the assembly. the and If the the If to the the Then Released Through the Top
SP6551 PM Location Instructions WARNING own or of house where or which throughout the house such as return. the the located carpeting. NOTE: This bottles. The of the bottles the front of the the front the This the the The (located the of the the and the light and the If this the to the to To the the included the front casters of the only. (humidity) the whole house, to the highest If the to the If this the should repositioned another location. Water WARNING: To reduce the of shock, cleaning, or servicing. WARNING: To reduce the of fire or shock or or the cover. If them completely and authorized service This to with the bottles that located the NOTE: to release of cool, from to from thermostat and It to to and from the of the Unit should where from directly The should with the back least inches from the to through the back of the the to efficiency. At Least From Wall NOTE: If positioning front casters to necessary). Clarity of Assembly Water Bottles of
SP6551 PM Water (continued) the of the the bottles, them straight and of the Notice the bottles as right and them the location the function properly. The bottles should the front of the facing the of the bottle with that easily the the of the bottle counterclockwise. bottle of the of the bottle (the bottle should four-inch clearance with If necessary, amount of EPA as this the the twisting clockwise. only. the following: bottle and the bottle upright Press about to Release the around If hear or and NOTE: other bottle. If overflow and of the of the off from the bottle. the bottle back the the bottle and the the bottle bot- of The facing the of the tioned properly, the and flow the The the bottles empty. The ready operation. Should Rear Clarity Rear of Turn Counterclockwise to
SP6551 PM The operating of Emerson located the top of the The found the cover, located the the cover the round and The cover clearly the with the and the of the the within this To the Humidity the amount of The and off as to of selected. and recommended, there when or high amount of preferred. of turning the the clockwise allows the amount of to the continuously. IMPORTANT: Water to or walls. Humidity should lowered Light the selected the off and the Humidity light the and the light Flow The from OFF to high with three The higher the the and released the the and that as high Light the amount of the light and the off. NOTE: This the right bottle as from front first. both bottles completely Dryout At the of the humidification season or to the or the shutoff function to completely the To this, the the back of the to the top of the located This the and the the off. NOTE: to to the operating (lowest operation. Below of the the located the back of the of TOP POSITION IS FOR MANUAL DRYOUT BOTTOM POSITION IS FOR NORMAL OPERATION MODE FLOAT RETAINER SLOT
SP6551 PM of and flow to to and NOTE: should with ity the recommended If the tively high To the this the clockwise and should to the tested, Humidity to about or Allow to hours to If the with Humidity turned the clockwise. IMPORTANT: Water to or walls. should lowered Performance the least inches from and from heat from or the EPA to bacteria that and to health. If and the Light the light This the the that or it to the The below shows The below shows which to the of the Recommended F* C C C C* and MIN MAX Relative cleaning as instructed Cleaning section of this recommended. the least once humidification season or
SP6551 PM and of WARNING: To reduce the of shock or from or CAUTION: To bacteria and efficiency, the should least once season, or often Emerson HDC-12 (or HDC12C clear only. to To the Emerson follow the tions below. and to clean. the the to where coverings to or bath areas. the and bottles and the assembly front and rear off and clean The housings of and where them comfortably. With cloth, or the from the To housing easy to Deflect the top of housing. top cover off of the housing and the and of properly. Clean of the Cleaning section of owners Assembly Housing
SP6551 PM and of the housing track with the of the to the of the housing. the top cover of the hous- the cover the the of the hous- and the cover the top of the the the the housing the There front and back To the correctly: that of hous- front of the of the assembly the located the of the assembly the the (lowest section below the the housing. bottles. the the assembly. The ready or to the season. of Towards of Portion of Housing Towards of of Housing Rear of Top Cover
SP6551 PM Cleaning CAUTION: To reduce the of fire or to cleaners specifically recommended bustible or to To reduce the of and to CAUTION: from to and and borne bacteria the of the of To bacteria that and to health, Emerson EPA bacteriostat, and cleaners specifically recommended NOTE: If to follow the correctly. The bottles of this or of each. To cleaning the should and completely To accomplish this, the following Allow the to the the OFF. WARNING: If housing To the and bottles and the assembly front and off and The the internal of the the to where to or bath the housing of the and to the the from the the the back of the to release The should cleaning. The consists of the of the where the operation Empty of Proceed to or of Season then as below. and of properly as and Emerson the location where the positioned. back of that the to the lowest back of of below). the housings with the the location. the assembly top of the and the to the location bottles with fresh cool the A.C. and the the section of this of BOTTOM POSITION IS FOR NORMAL OPERATION MODE FLOAT RETAINER SLOT
SP6551 PM Cleaning the with of white tion Clean with cloth with white and the to thoroughly with to and cleaning disinfecting the the assembly and with cloth only. Disinfecting and Bottles with bleach of every normally to Empty with bleach Allow to completely. Water bottles should cleaned of Season Follow instructions of humidification season. and throw completely with cool, location. season to the or
SP6551 PM Troubleshooting TROUBLE off Unit and lights Selected established. OK and free. Dryout (top back of Unit off. of Right bottle bottle emptying and/or bottles Unit the of the seated properly. Neither bottle bottles. Bottles to empty. amount of and light This CAUTION: only EPA from of other treatment products the should treatment products or FOR TECHNICAL HELP If the USA If PROBABLE CAUSE Turn clockwise. from to lowest back of cabinet.(See to fresh The the right bottle first. to light allow to front than rear with of bottles the front of the front casters. owners the of bottles. Reposition that bottle of and assembly tight. bottles. each Approximately inch of the off. Dryout to completely owners REMEDY
SP6551 PM HD14050
SP6551 PM HD14050 Not Screw, AB Screw, AB (Includes mounting illustrated) (USA) Switch Assembly Support, Support, Support, Caster, Twin Support, Cord HDC-12 or HDC12C SP6551 Bottle, Right (Includes Bottle, (Includes Water Light, Humidity Stationary Switch, Rotary Switch, Light, Item Purchase locally or from the USA or from to Hardware Item purchased locally. NOTE: to the assembly or To USA service technician.
SP6551 PM FOR TECHNICAL HELP, CALL FROM USA OR FROM CANADA (Please Emerson information about www.moistair.com Emerson SP6551 SP6551 Printed