and Service and July This troubleshooting reference and servicing the It information features, and troubleshooting and procedures.
Corporation and the of Information Group, L.P. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. and of Corporation. other of their respective technical or or The information this as without warranty of and to without The products forth the warranty accompanying such products. Nothing should as warranty. and Service First Edition (July
The and offer advanced modularity, or III with architecture, industry-leading Graphics (AGP) and The functionality and through the optional Unit (MEU). and and Service Product
Product shown through and X2 C XXXXXX-XXX Common type III type/ XGA MB MB Integrated C RAM MB MB XP XP o XP/ SKU# and Service NT
The following KVB2 and features: TouchPad lithium ion) warranty with service MB of integrated memory X2 C United States X2 C United States X2 C United States X2 C United States and Service Product
Product Table (Continued) The following KVBZ and features: TouchPad 3-year warranty MB of integrated memory X2 C International Greece/Poland (English) America and Service America (NAFTA) The Norway Peoples of United United States United States (NAFTA)
(Continued) X2 C International French Greece/Poland (English) America and Service America (NAFTA) The Norway Peoples of United United States United States (NAFTA) Product
Product Table (Continued) X2 C International French Greece/Poland (English) and Service America The Norway Peoples of United United States
(Continued) X2 C International French Greece/Poland (English) and Service America The Norway Peoples of United United States Product
Product Table (Continued) The following KVBZ and features: TouchPad warranty MB of integrated memory X2 C X2 C The following KVB1 and features: TouchPad 1-year warranty MB of memory X2 C X2 C and Service
The following JMWZ and features: TouchPad 1-year warranty with service MB of integrated memory X2 Thailand International X2 C Greece/Poland English America America (NAFTA) The and Service Norway Peoples of Thailand United United States United States (NAFTA) Product and
Product Table (Continued) X2 C French Greece/Poland English America America (NAFTA) The and Service Norway Peoples of United United States United States (NAFTA) and
(Continued) X2 C French Greece/Poland English America America (NAFTA) X2 International X2 International and Service The Norway Peoples of United United States United States (NAFTA) Product
Product The the following features: III or with 256-KB integrated cache, ATI M1, 8-MB SDRAM MB memory, to MB Microsoft NT, or XP 12.1-inch, XGA, TFT or 12.1-inch, SVGA, TFT with TouchPad or PCI 56K V.90 or optional PCI V.90 NIC II PC Card with both CardBus and PC Cards AC with Supports the and or high-capacity or 10-GB high-capacity Connectors Unit (MEU), wireless speaker/headphone, microphone, (USB), RJ-45 RJ-11 and AC and Service
Clearing If the servicing unknown follow these to clear the These clear CMOS. the disassembly. to Section the Disassembly, information. the clock (RTC) to Section Clock (RTC) Battery). approximately the RTC and reassemble the AC to the this Turn the and CMOS clear. and Service Product
Product The with of features that operating and The the following features: Hibernation the of performance that Battery switch switch Advanced and (ACP) and Service
The the and of the shown and Table Item Function to cool release Releases the to the or the wireless such as Bluetooth or and other options. and Service Table Product
Product The the right of the shown and Right Item Function switch Turns the or off or headphone headphones, or and Service Table Right
Right (Continued) Item Function Microphone sound microphone. PC Card Ejects PC Card from the PC Card PC Card Supports (CardBus) and PC Cards. USB USB another wireless RJ-45 the only) included with RJ-11 (internal the to only) internal included with internal and Service Table Product
Product The the of the shown and Table and Service
Item Function or overhead of the following: USB USB Allow to cool The only Security optional security to the and Service AC Optional Optional Product
Product shown and Table (TouchPad Item Function the off. Access to the and Service Initiates and with the initiates Hibernation.
(Continued) Item Function Microphone sound to the whether the or closed. Converts to the around the TouchPad and TouchPad buttons or the buttons. Also protects the internal internal memory and PCI when using Microsoft The the that displayed the right Right TouchPad Functions the right (TouchPad only) TouchPad the selects, (TouchPad only) and activates. TouchPad Functions the (TouchPad only) the function. and Service Product
Product top shown and Table only) Item Function F1 through F12 function light On: The accessed. light On: the optional MEU or connected to the accessed. and Service
(Continued) Item Function light On: and the light On: light On: Battery light On: that the only reached low-battery light On: turned The light that the reaches low-battery while Hibernation the Right Functions the right Can to or function the third Functions the Used with to and Service Product
Product The the of the shown and Table and Service
Item Function release Release the the to optional Unit. the release Release the from the to cool internal Memory the memory cover that memory memory board. of Authenticity the Product which to using operating sound. the when and Service Table Product
Product The shown and Rear Item Function TV VCR, overhead or and Service Rear
This section of and of the to Chapter to and and Procedures, The board the following Memory board Keyboard/TouchPad or III PC Card or The The and to when high These affected high and software through the located the right of the CAUTION: To properly the allow least (3-inch) clearance the of the and Service Product
WARNING: authorized technicians trained should this troubleshooting and procedures to allow subassembly/module of the complexity of the boards and should to repairs the or to board. repairs of or board warranty or allowances. Computer and Selecting or The features A information and that when operating or This includes that and Service Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting A information and that within operating this whenever information. Troubleshoot XP Professional, or XP Home. Information and from the Security, or Advanced Turn or the Press F10 while the F10 ROM Based displayed the lower-left of the To the F2. To information, F1. To to the Select the Security, or Advanced To and the Select Changes and and or Select Changes and and prompted to action, F10. and Service
Selecting from the Select To This Information information about the base, and the to to from from with factory information retained.) and the then and the and the then and the and Service Table information about the memory and cache and ROM. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Selecting from the Security Select To This or (The Security, from the or or when turning restarting) the options selected when Security IDs the base, and the *Not to LS-120 and Service Table Security QuickLock QuickLock To QuickLock or QuickBlank, first QuickLock. or write* CD-ROM or DVD-ROM the CD-ROM field.
Selecting from the Advanced To This (or F2 the the and Service Table Advanced QuickBoot, which the tests. (If memory and to memory QuickBoot.) MultiBoot, which that include bootable and the (To the to only USB USB USB the when operating loaded.) optional or overhead connected to as the the as secondary, the from base.) Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Select To This the from (continued) Enhanced (EPP, the to bidirectional, EPP or (ECP). HDD the that the features. within NTSC North PAL, Africa, and the East; NTSC-J, and PAL-M, Other South and American NTSC, PAL, or PAL-M. and Service Advanced (Continued) to NTSC PAL, NTSC-J, or PAL-M.* the selected, the Battery Specify the that (Select to the as base; to the individually, the reporting of the the to the software.
of the the You or information from anywhere within selecting the to If tested, the or Information Access selecting Select then from the To the information, As. To the information, Print. To and Service Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting or Information Access selecting Select the the the or to type: each selected category. Complete testing each selected Custom testing selected To selected To the select, then the each to and Service
Select Interactive the testing process. You whether the or and prompted to or If found, they displayed when testing Click Select to the passed, and the testing the the of each the of found each and the of each found the with their to the Select Select Select to the Select As, then the from and Service Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Flowcharts Troubleshooting Flowcharts Flowchart Initial Troubleshooting Nonfunctioning Station (OS) Loading OS Loading From OS Loading From OS Loading From OS Loading From OS Loading From CD- or DVD-ROM Nonfunctioning Nonfunctioning Nonfunctioning Network or and Service
Initial Troubleshooting troubleshooting. there or there the OS there sound? and Service to Flowchart LED board, to to Flowchart OS Connecting to or to Troubleshooting to Nonfunctioning to Flowchart Nonfunctioning or Nonfunctioning to or
Troubleshooting Flowchart LED off). from AC station? Reseat the the and the AC that the AC active. that the and Service AC *On there On the using the switch and the switch or the switch. to Flowchart Nonfunctioning Station. station? to to Flowchart
Flowchart from Flowchart and necessary. recharging, to another or and Service supply to Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting from Flowchart directly AC LED Reseat AC and active? AC cord. and Service or AC to Flowchart
from or and and Service Reseat and boards and items. the following items operation each DC-DC AC board* board* these items as to shorting Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Flowchart Stand-alone or station? Stand-alone or brightness. OK? board. OK? and Service To from to the to Flowchart OK? brightness. Press switch to operation. OK? the following each and board another and OK?
from from station, connected. brightness. OK? that properly seated station, and OK? and Service brightness of to A Flowchart OK? another and OK? to Nonfunctioning Station. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Flowchart Nonfunctioning Station Nonfunctioning station. Reseat and station. station. operating? reseat internal and items station. and Service station. operating? the following each supply I/O Backplane board Switch
Flowchart (OS) Loading OS Reseat and and Service troubleshooting, and or OS from to Flowchart OS Loading from OS from to OS Loading from OS from CD- or DVD-ROM to Flowchart OS Loading from CD- or DVD-ROM Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting OS Loading from OS from Reseat OS from CD? the booting from and Service to OS Loading from from through the and from to Flowchart OS Loading from to Flowchart Nonfunctioning
Flowchart OS Loading from from OS Loading from CD or and from from to Flowchart OS Loading from and Service Reseat board. FDISK. partitioned? to Flowchart OS Loading from formatted? booted? to OS Loading from Troubleshooting then to bootable C:\ Format and to bootable C:\ OS CD
Troubleshooting Flowchart OS Loading from from Flowchart OS Loading from SCANDISK and sectors. Can sectors fixed? from sectors. and Service OS and OS from Clean and follow
OS Loading from OS from Bootable from another the the and Service Reseat OS to Nonfunctioning and Clear CMOS. to Section Clearing instructions. OS to Flowchart Nonfunctioning Troubleshooting bootable and board.
Troubleshooting OS Loading from CD- or DVD-ROM OS from CD- or DVD-ROM from CD or DVD? Reseat and Service Bootable bootable another bootable from CD or DVD? to Flowchart Nonfunctioning Booting from another Clear CMOS. to Section Clearing instructions. Booting correct? Correct using the bootable and to Flowchart Nonfunctioning
Flowchart to Flowchart and Service Turn internally or externally. the following as each Reseat board. backplane board. I/O board. to Nonfunctioning Troubleshooting to Flowchart
Troubleshooting Flowchart from Flowchart OS Correct to and Service and OS. and internal board board.
Nonfunctioning Clear CMOS. and NIC. If NIC, board. properly? and Service Nonfunctioning Reseat the nonfunctioning from the and inspect and or or other physical detected? Troubleshooting or to Flowchart OS properly?
Troubleshooting Nonfunctioning operating properly. to Reseat internal OK? and Service board. internal or OK? board.
Nonfunctioning operating properly. to Reseat internal OK? and Service board. internal or OK? board. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Network or or Network or active? OS? from the and Reseat and Service or activated. to and OK? OK? board.
This chapter illustrated and reference and option numbers. Location or information, the and located the of the Location and Service
and Service
Item 12.1-inch, XGA, CTFT with 12.1-inch, SVGA, CTFT only with Plastics cover Right RTC switch board with Memory with TouchPad and with TouchPad with three buttons with only) and Service Table Not TouchPad PC Card spacers cover
(continued) and Service
(Continued) Item without with TouchPad French French International with only with French French International and Service Table American Spanish Spanish Swedish/ U.K. English U.S. English 230514-BB1 American Spanish Spanish Swedish/ U.K. English U.S. English 230515-AD1 Parts 230514-AD1 230514-BA1 230514-AB1 230515-AB1
(continued) and Service
(Continued) Item Switch cover GB GB GB GB boards (includes and heat only with III III only with III III with (includes NTSC and with (includes NTSC RJ45/RJ11 and and Service and
(continued) and Service
(Continued) Item with (includes RJ45/RJ11 switch board, microphone, and modem/microphone/NIC only with (includes switch board, microphone, and microphone Battery only with with and high with with and PCI boards PRO-100 (S)P III PCI III PCI board and Service Table
Plastics Plastics and Service
Plastics Item Item cover RTC Right TouchPad cover PC Card switch board with spacers and Service Memory
Devices and Service
Item GB GB GB GB The following options with the Unit: 8X DVD-ROM 24X CD-ROM CD-RW DVD-ROM/CD-RW and Service Devices and and and
illustrated) Battery AC W, W, Memory boards with MB MB MB MB with and MB MB MB and Service
illustrated) (Continued) Units only with with and W, Australian Eastern/African Screw includes the following screws to C, Screw information screw specifications and T8 Torx T8 P0 screwlock and Service Table U.K. English U.S. English P0 P0 P0 screw 246959-AD1 246959-AG1
illustrated) (Continued) III PCI board III PCI board PC Card Australian RJ-11 P55 Swedish RJ-11 PTT the United and Service Table
and This chapter information and and service. You the following to the and screwdriver P0 screwdriver Torx T8 screwdriver (includes loopback and and Service
and Service Considerations The following sections include of the that should and assembly each subassembly from the the subassembly (and accompanying screws) from the to force and reassembly when the Apply only the the instructions. and Connectors with to Apply only the to or seat the and insertion. the whenever or tearing that routed such that they caught or or replaced. with these tear easily. CAUTION: servicing the that their locations the reassembly process. the and Service
Preventing to that with To to the to or of information, the following removing or the If whether the off or Hibernation, the then or that or the that the closed. that of electricity. While touching the that least inch of shock-proof from height CD-ROM or static-proof to products that such as or to or to If the bubble-pack or other of protective and the With and Service and
and Preventing to (ESD). and the of built integrated protection, the enough to or of electricity from or other static-sensitive or the heard, to affected and perfectly throughout the function normally while, then the internal layers, reducing its expectancy. and Transporting the following grounding when and To products such as or boxes. Protect and with or or their the arrive static-free workstations. items grounded items from their properly grounded when touching or assembly. and Service
from protective or and conveyers of and bushings. that wired to ground and that selected to grounding to charges. Workstation Precautions the following grounding workstations: Cover the workstation with to Table wrist connected to properly grounded and properly grounded and field service such as cutters, screwdrivers, and that directly of the free of such as ordinary assembly and Styrofoam. and the or PCM these items static-free workstations. with leads, or Turn off and input or or and Service and
and Grounding and Grounding include wrist or foot grounded workstation. seated, wear wrist connected to grounded with of the ground cords. To ground, wear the On grounded with wrist with foot and grounded Foot or workstations and with of or On or foot both with of the and ground. To effective, the with the Other grounding recommended includes: and protectors Conductive and other assembly or Nonconductive Conductive workstations with ground cords of or with to the ground service Static awareness Material-handling and Service
Nonconductive or boxes and protective Table shows affects the Typical Motions of DIPS from DIPS from Removing DIPS from Styrofoam from PCB as as V. the shielding protection and Protection Carbon-loaded and Service and Table Relative Table Static-Shielding
and Procedures This chapter and There T8 and screws and screwlocks, that when servicing the of the and location of each screw and to C, Screw information screw locations, and the to when information or The located the of the Location and Service
and Procedures Chart the chart below to the section to referenced when of Screws Section the Optional Memory board PCI board clock (RTC) Switch cover board and Service Table Chart
the the following the Turn off the the and Unit (MEU) from the base, the from the MEU, the AC and the following these Turn the with the front facing and Service and Procedures
and Procedures the release the right release and the front of the and back the of the the Battery and Service
the optional following these Turn the with the front facing the located the the release the of the the the the battery from the the Optional Battery and Service and Procedures
and Procedures The The included the Plastics to the locations of the the and Service
with TouchPad and with TouchPad with three buttons with only) The to the internal memory the and the board. the (Section Turn the with the front facing and Service and Procedures Information
and Procedures the four TM2.0 screws that the to the the Screws Turn the top with the front facing the and Service
Press the back of the the right of the and the right to the from the Releasing the and Service and Procedures
and Procedures the back of the the RTC and TouchPad from farther Releasing the and Service
While holding the the front of the the front of the clears the the front of the and back and the the Releasing the and Service and Procedures
and Procedures the RTC from the The RTC included the Plastics Disconnect the TouchPad from the the TouchPad. the RTC Battery and Disconnecting the TouchPad and Service
with that to to the and the Release the insertion force (ZIF) to which the and the Disconnecting the the and the to the and Service and Procedures
and Procedures the TouchPad the TouchPad and RTC routed through the respective notches the Routing the RTC Battery and TouchPad Memory The memory located the of the and the other located the The memory board from memory both locations. Follow these to memory from the the of the the (Section Turn the with the front facing and Service
the TM2.0 screw that the memory to the the back of the memory cover and and the Memory Compartment Cover and Service and Procedures
and Procedures the each of the memory board The memory the of the memory board and of the memory Memory and Service
Follow these to memory from the memory the the (Section the (Section the each of the memory board The memory board the of the memory and of the memory Memory and Service and Procedures
and Procedures GB GB GB GB CAUTION: To to the and and of information, the the from the the while the or Hibernation. If whether the Hibernation, the then If the of operating the the (Section the (Section and Service Information and
the from the The included the Plastics the and the to the the the the the to the CAUTION: the the and the back of the and the and Service and Procedures
and Procedures PCI PRO-100 (S)P III PCI III PCI the (Section the (Section and Service PCI Information
the from the the each of the board The board the of the board and of the the board the the to the board. and Service and Procedures
and Procedures without with TouchPad French French International with only with French International and Service Information 230514-BB1 American Spanish Spanish Swedish/Finnish U.K. English U.S. English American Spanish Spanish Swedish/Finnish U.K. English U.S. English 230514-AD1 230514-BA1 230514-AB1 230515-AD1 230515-AB1
only If first the the disconnected. to Section instructions. If TouchPad to the to the the (Section Turn the with the front facing the four TM2.0 screws that the to the the Screws and Service and Procedures
and Procedures Turn the top with the front facing the If the and the proceeding with the following the front of the clears the memory and the PCI the from the and the Releasing the and Service
Release the ZIF to which the attached and the the Disconnecting the the to the and Service and Procedures
and Procedures Clock (RTC) Battery The RTC included the Plastics the (Section the (Section the (Section Disconnect the RTC from the board the RTC the RTC Battery the to the RTC battery. and Service
Switch Switch cover the (Section the (Section the (Section the Turn the with the facing the four TM2.0 screws that the switch cover to the Removing the Switch Screws and Service and Procedures Switch Cover Information
and Procedures Turn the top with the front facing the as as the of the switch cover to from the the switch cover the Switch the to the switch cover. and Service
12.1-inch, XGA, CTFT with 12.1-inch, SVGA, CTFT with the (Section and, the below, the following (Section (Section Switch cover (Section and Service and Procedures Information
and Procedures Disconnect the and from the the screws the assembly to the assembly when the screws. the four TM2.0 screws that the to the the the and Service
the the routed as indicated To of the the screws the indicated. four screws them. Routing the and the Screws and Service and Procedures
and Procedures with (includes RJ45/RJ11 switch board, microphone, and modem/microphone/NIC only with (includes switch board, microphone, and microphone the (Section and, the below, the following (Section (Section Switch (Section (Section the the and Service Information
the TM2.0 screw that the right to the the right the Right and Service and Procedures
and Procedures the the front through apply only to the RJ45/RJ11 of the the microphone from the the switch board. the microphone from the board. the PM screw that the switch to the Removing the and Service
Disconnect the interface (NIC) passthrough and NIC/switch to from the the the and Service and Procedures
and Procedures through apply to the RJ45/RJ11 from the the microphone from the switch board. Disconnect the microphone from the board. the PM2.0 screw that the switch board to the the Removing the the to the and Service
boards (includes and heat only with III III with III III the (Section and, the below, the following (Section (Section PCI board (Section (Section RTC (Section Switch cover (Section (Section (Section and Service and Procedures Information
and Procedures the of the and the back of the the The included the Plastics the and Service
Turn the with the facing the PM2.0 screw that the board to the the PM2.0 screw that the board to the Removing the Screw and Service and Procedures
and Procedures Turn the top with the facing the TM2.0 screw that the to the The included the Plastics the the HM5.0 screwlocks that the to the the TM2.0 screws that the board to the TM2.0 screw that Removing the Screws and Screwlocks and Service
the screw the assembly or the four screws that the mounting when the the Mounting Bracket and Screws and Service and Procedures
and Procedures the and from the Disconnecting the Battery and from the and Service
Position the the front the and heat assembly to and the right of the board the and NTSC clear the CAUTION: the board, the the the and the board. the and NTSC from the board. Disconnecting the Battery and NTSC from the and Service and Procedures
and Procedures the to the to from the Removing the the to the board. and Service
the the the of the board the first to that the PC Card properly fits the the the and security their locations the and Service and Procedures
and Procedures the and and NTSC the when the Routing the Battery and NTSC and Service
This chapter physical and performance specifications. Height (battery) operating ion) operating operating AC Rated input Rated input Rated to C to to C to and Service Specifications Table VDC to VAC RMS switching) to
Specifications Relative to relative humidity, to F/38.7 C to to14.4 G, G, G, to Nonoperating G, to Applicable specify thermal The operates within this of and Service (Continued) to to to to
Height of to ratio Brightness typical AC typical Pitch Format Cold cathode Character Refresh and Service Table 12.1-inch XGA, TFT RGB Specifications
Specifications of to ratio Brightness typical AC typical Pitch Format Backlight Cold cathode Character Refresh and Service Table 12.1-inch SVGA, TFT RGB
capacity GB GB GB GB height Interface type ATA-5 ATA-5 ATA-5 ATA-4 (typical read, including Heads Sectors GB bytes. slightly. and apply. the Customer and Service GB GB GB GB Specifications
Specifications Physical Heads Sectors sector MB KB KB KB Interface (MB/s) (Mb/s) slightly. and apply. the Customer and Service Table (Continued) GB GB GB GB to to to to to to to
Light On Height sector Sectors High MB) MB) Tracks High Read/write heads Track-to-track (high/low) (high/low) Latency and Service Table Specifications
Specifications Applicable CD-ROM and CD-XA ready and CD-I ready and CD-R only) CD CD CD CD-WO only) CD-Bridge thickness Track pitch Access KB 24X Normal PIO seconds Stop seconds and Service Table CD-ROM 1X) to (10X to 24X)
Applicable DVD-5, DVD-9, DVD-10 CD-ROM and CD CD-XA ready and CD-I ready and CD-R only) CD CD CD-Bridge thickness Track pitch Access Lineout Headphone KB 1X DVD Sustained, 16X DVD 1X DVD 4X DVD Normal IO seconds seconds and Service DVD-ROM MB/sec Specifications
Specifications Lithium ion) Height High Capacity Height and Amp-hour Watt-hour High Capacity Amp-hour Watt-hour 5C to C 41F to -20C to C -4F to and Service Battery Wh Wh
supply (input) DMA Function DMA0 DMA1 DMA0, DMA3, DMA2 DMA3 ECP LPT1 DMA0, DMA4 DMA DMA5 PC Card DMA6 Not assigned DMA7 Not assigned PC Card DMA or and Service AC to VAC RMS RMS to Table DMA Specifications
Specifications IRQ Function IRQ0 IRQ1 IRQ2 IRQ3 COM2 IRQ4 COM1 IRQ5 IRQ6 IRQ7 IRQ8 clock (RTC) IRQ9 IRQ10 IRQ11 IRQ12 or IRQ13 to peripheral) IRQ14 IDE interface and IRQ15 PC Cards assert IRQ3, IRQ4, IRQ5, IRQ7, IRQ9, IRQ10, IRQ11, or IRQ15. Either the or the assert IRQ3 or IRQ4. IRQ5, IRQ7, IRQ9, IRQ10, or and Service
I/O Function 00F DMA 01F Unused chipset 03F Unused 02E 02F IO CPU 05F Counter/timer 05F Unused Unused 06F Unused NMI clock 07F Unused 08F DMA Unused 09F Unused 0A0 0A1 and Service I/O Specifications
Specifications I/O (Continued) I/O Function 0A2 0BF Unused 0C0 0DF DMA 0E0 0EF Unused 0F0 0F1 clear/reset 0F2 0FF Unused 16F Unused Secondary 1EF Unused 1F0 1F7 1F8 Unused ESS1688) 21F Unused 22F 26D Unused 26E Unused 27F Unused 2AB Unused 2A0 2A7 Unused 2A8 2E7 Unused 2E8 2EF and Service Table
I/O (Continued) I/O Function 2F0 2F7 Unused 2F8 2FF 31F Unused 36F Unused Secondary 37F Unused 38B FM synthesizer OPL3 38C 3AF Unused 3B0 3BB VGA 3BC 3BF EPP 3C0 3DF VGA 3E0 3E1 PC Card CPU 3E2 3E3 Unused 3E8 3EF 3F0 3F7 A 3F8 3FF CF8 CFB PCI (PCIDIVO-1) CFC CFF PCI (PCIDIVO-1) and Service Specifications
Specifications Memory Function 0009FFFF memory 000A0000 000BFFFF memory 000C0000 000CBFFF BIOS 000C8000 000E7FFF Unused 000E8000 000FFFFF BIOS 00FFFFFF memory 047FFFFF memory 07FFFFFF Unused 080FFFFF memory access) FFFEFFFF Unused FFFF0000 FFFFFFFF BIOS and Service Memory
Connector Assignments Acknowledge* feed* Select ground active and Service A1 A-1
Connector Assignments ready Ready to Clear to ready ground A2 and Service Table A-2 Table A-3 Speaker/Headphone
VDC and Service A3 Table A-4 Microphone Table A-5 Universal Connector Assignments
Connector Assignments Unused Unused Unused Unused Unused Unused Unused Unused A4 and Service A-6 RJ-45 Network Interface Table A-7 RJ-11
VDC Ground Not connected DDC 2B Ground Ground DDC2B clock Ground and Service A5 Table A-8 Connector Assignments
Cord 3-Conductor Cord The input of the to from from to or to AC. The with the the the country where the purchased. other countries the of the country where the used. information authorized or service The below to countries: The of the least and than accredited agency the country where the used. The of and rating of or AC, as each countrys The the mechanical of EN 320/IEC C13 with the the back of the and Service B1
Cord Country-Specific 3-Conductor Cord Country Accredited Agency Applicable EANSW Austria OVE CEBC CSA DEMKO FIMKO UTE VDE IMQ METI The KEMA Norway NEMKO SEMKO SEV B2 and Service
3-Conductor Cord (Continued) Country Accredited Agency Applicable United BSI United States UL Notes The <HAR> HO5VV-F, The and bear the of the agency the country where they used. The SPT-3 or AWG, The grounding type with NEMA 5-15P A, V) or NEMA 6-15P A, V) The cord, and bear T and with the The VCT or VCTF, The grounding type with C8303 A, V) and Service B3 Cord
This information the screws the screws this the Screw and Service C1 Screw C
Screw P0 Screw Where One screw that the cover to the assembly to the included with the information the cover) C-1. TM2.0 Screw Location C2 and Service Table C-1 Head Thread
Where screws that the to the Section One screw that the memory cover to the Section screws that the to the Section C-2. TM2.0 Screw Locations and Service C3 C-2 Torx T8 Screw Head Thread Black Screw
Screw Torx T8 Screw (Continued) Where screws that the switch cover to the Section One screw that the right to the Section One screw that the to the Section C-3. TM2.0 Screw Locations C4 and Service C-2 Head Thread Black
T8 Screw (Continued) Where screws that the to the Section C-4. TM2.0 Screw Locations and Service C5 Table C-2 Head Thread Black Screw
Screw P0 Screw Where One screw that the switch board to the Section C-5. TM2.0 Screw Location C6 and Service Table C-3 Head Thread Black
P0 Screw Where One screw that the switch to the board Section C-6. TM2.0 Screw Location and Service C7 C-4 Head Thread Black Screw
Screw P0 Screw (Continued) Where One screw that the to the Section C-7. TM2.0 Screw Location C8 and Service Table C-4 Head Thread
P0 Screw Where One screw that the board to the Section C-8. PM2.0 Screw Location and Service C9 C-5 Head Thread Screw
Screw Where and screws that the to the Section screws that the board to the Section C-9. TM2.0 Screw Locations C10 and Service C-5 T8 Screw Head Thread
Where screwlocks that the board to the each of the Section C-10. HM5.0 Screwlock Locations and Service C11 C-6 Screwlock Head Thread Screw