www.isemagtech.com LTM LTM-250 and LTM-350 Pearland, Texas Operation Instructions LTM-350_IOM
Section Warranty Warranty.......................................................................................................................................................... Section Product Mounted Section Technology-Theory of Section Installation.....................................................................................................................................7 Mount Installation..................................................................................................................................... Insulation heat/cold)..........................................................................................................10 Section Recommended Section Specifications Locations/General Specifications..................................................................................................................................14 Specifications Section and Operation...................................................................................................................................15 LTM-250/350)....................................................................... of
Section and Troubleshooting................................................................................28 Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Troubleshooting............................................................................................................................... Section LTM-350 HART HART Information Flowchart of HART Warning/Caution Information Information to Read these the of the of
Section Warranty products warranted and workmanship of than from the of The chamber and the of the or to which attached. years. or its those products that to as specified with the following Products repaired or that authorized Products subjected to or Products that connected, or otherwise such with instructions. This warranty of other warranty or other than Repairs and/or the of based the terms and of this warranty. Defective products to the factory the Authorization from warranty repairs or the factory Pearland, Texas. freight Factory include field service. service warranty repairs the field service to and of this warranty writing and authorized or official of Warranty and thoroughly inspected shipped FOB factory and protected or should within of of Please www.isemagtech.com and the feedback option the of the of the from customers. and what to satisfaction with and service. and should and to
Section The field and locations. Testing and obtained from such areas. This to and and/or to The assembly includes and attached and The of and to Product ZZ/ZZ S/N AAAA OL BBBB MODEL LTM- 350-G- XXXX TAG YYYY ISE-MAGTECH The the that located the of the enclosure/housing. The as follows: location that the ZZ/ZZ Born the2 month and the shipped to the customer. AAAA The assigned traceability. BBBB The of the THIS IS NOT THE MEASURING RANGE. XXXX The of the The and YYYY The user specified when specified). Mounted: Where the mounted the of and located within from the and the (or Direction Insertion Where the directly around the and the directly as the the the and continuously activates the The the and and/or This the the that their own distinctive Please the factory willing to
Mounted The to the of the LG such as accessory the The to the to the of the LTM and directly The below shows the mount of the to The the as the the or of the the with other apply factory and or required. mounted the LTM the with its mounted around the The below the of the with and the with with that and This option highly recommended the selected based the (OD), the to or serviced reason the C option with and
with the the Stilling-well to the and the assembly protecting from or from physical to the of the of with below. used, should when the to the chamber that the freely the of the or the warranty. with Stilling-well Optional that with the LTM-350 NOT the LTM-250 HART which to with the LTM-350 only. The typically the interface (the of the the The of the such that the The below shows with and the other interface with mount factory further to interface of that reflects the Advanced and commissioning, troubleshooting or
Section The assembly of The Assembly: This sealed with the its to the the houses the optional and the The to of The and The housing The rated NEMA 4X and One the board assembly and buttons. The other the termination board. The connected to the of the assembly The houses boards (PCB) that mount the integrated that Please factory further Theory of The LTM-250/350 based the of first and or the industry. This and properly, high typically than inch. the industry such high the however, of inch than the consists of and heat treated chosen to which with relatively high The high field as the the of sound. Another (the or around the from the of of this with the field of the and torsional force the The of this torsion force to the this torsion both of the wire. The (or time-of-flight) of this measured precisely and the repeatable about microseconds inch, which approximately the of sound that the of the torsion wave to reach termination of the wire, the to the from this termination easily of
high-speed the to and the crystals the based to The to the microseconds of the to the of the and the shown below. included the software to the and the software instead of required, or when the with mount The LTM-350 four options chosen The of this that the the and the from the to the feedback and this rejected as the active and that only high accepted. The to of and the and as (LTM-250/350) and Interface below the first, and the automatically. The the as the first and to the first to the of the The of three inches. The and factor the without with each other. and optional the of the and to the third of the and factory the operating of -50C to 149C (-58F to 300F) Interface and This options and offers three to the the software and the to this If this output readings or to LTM-350, HART only. of approximately three inches,
Section Mount The mounted to the of LG mounting and hose mounting the to LG the active of the should within the of the the If the the of the the the active of the too to existing to the of the the and the of the factory to the however to to match the to the specifications. Section The with mounted to inches below the housing. The this to the the active to the of the features. Optional The the to the with the If build-up of or should the of the the to cleaned or the to with that The to match the and the measured and from to The to the measured. The located the of the to allow the to off the The to the Inspection of Inspect the that the nothing appears to such as from the assembly or Please with the immediately the and to SHOULD NOT BE BENT, BOWED, OR KINKED or the The following of The of the
of There of the LTM they top mount top mount with when there or head There mount with which depicted. C mount with This or There top mount with which depicted. Mounting the the (or and with the of the top and Mount the the and to the the of the securely and the while the (this than they and Top of mounting and A: the to B: incorrect the around and the C: incorrect because the tighten too and early notifying the factory of The mounted and Please the below. the The to Effects of high high
Mount Option. to or the housing/electronics of the LTM mounted as as The housing/electronics with mount that mounted or with hose The below mounted the top mount mount the top mount NEVER the insulation that around the This overheat the and NEVER or the this the and the warranty. to straighten the this the If the arrives please with the and the factory to the to when LTM DO NOT DAMAGE the this the warranty. If suspected please the factory and to please the the elbow/condulet and then every of every the There of to REMOTE MOUNT options
Insulation heat/cold) strongly that Technician insulation of the the factory with externally mounted If service type insulation the factory to the TUBE TUBE of the If insulation to the field, then the following MUST type insulation (NOT HARD SKIN) and around the chamber only. DO NOT cover the LTM as this the and possibly the the insulation the LTM remounted its factory- from the chamber and to the chamber as the to the properly). that the and the the of the operating of F. and assembly HOT service, the OUTSIDE the this type of insulation from and recommended to insulation. further information the factory.
Section Recommended The following the recommended Recommended
The following the Please www.hartcomm2.org to learn about HART HART Topology
If the as then sealed within inches of the termination the isolated supply. Caution-To reduce the of of atmospheres, the from the supply or known to
Section Locations CSA and CSAUS: Proof: Class or Grps. B, C, Class II, E, F, Class III -40C to 85C (-40F to 185F) ATEX: 10ATEX1308X IIC T5 tb IIIC T100C IP66 -40C to 85C (-40F to 185F) SIR 10.0150X IIC T5 tb IIC T100C IP66 -40C to 85C (-40F to 185F) Specifications II 2GD Specifications (13V Repeatability: of or whichever Non-Linearity: of or whichever Accuracy: of or whichever to seconds to C to F) Housing: proof, coated NEMA 4X, SAMA PMC SAMA PMC RFI SAMA PMC to to Specifications optional: or to C to F) 300F to
Section The and operation of the LTM and The (from to right): This to and to and to This to and to and to This the to and or of The It hard/firm them. The buttons the of they pressed. The the the the seconds to the and and the the right of
(scrolling): The the relatively and easy. Below of these The LTM-250/350 LCD character The the following selected Interface (when option selected (when option selected The to of to If the to the press/hold the seconds. the write The and introduced based options and or software revisions.
The following the LTM-250/350 LCD LTM-250 or LTM-350 SW HW SelLngth Unit Unit** C PV* Interface FailHigh FailLow LRV URV ROC incorrect) when Interface included when included
Continued and Software Revision This the software revision. Revision This the revision. Scrolling Option: Allows the to the from and choose of Units interface, and or Percentage. Select the and then the this option the scrolling. section Features Interface and options appear the option(s) Select Length: THIS IS NOT THE MEASURING RANGE. This should only the length. It incrementing and the and then Units: This to the It to of the following and then Units: This to the It to of the following F, C, R, and then This appears the option provided. LCD o o C
Continued Select PV: This allows the to the that the This appears the interface option provided. Select The following chosen: FailHigh FailLow reading recovers. This allows the to the or the the to and Select (LRV): This the the This should incremented. the from to the higher than the It recommended to this of the Press to the (URV): This the the This should this the or of the Select This to the reaction of the to or the that causing The seconds and from to seconds. LCD C o
Continued Rate of This readings from the surroundings. If the the the inches second) then this should that the the to. section Features This to the There to the the and the LRV and URV as If the to this then and This to the or it NOT or the section Features The and the from its This affects the reading interface when LCD o C o
Continued (DAC): These factory to and This should as NIST to and accredited the of This allow the to the of the should to the when this function selected. This function allows of the this and the as This option This the the If the back through the then the to and the while the shows and to the LCD C o o o o
This section of the LCD and to LTM-250/350. Scrolling Option: choosing to the the following options chosen the and (exclusively LTM-250/350) (or) (or) (or) (or) (or) The option Rate of The of (the the and It to temporary that in-field. the or than then the the should to or to readings. The to selected (exclusively LTM-250/350) The offset that to both the LRV and URV to account below the the offset from to the the and the inches to The and the from its This offset to the interface when
to the LTM-250/350 There incorporated the LTM-250/350 To this and the first then while holding the and the seconds. appear the LCD The following flow chart of the advanced ComPort? Active (Load) Factory Loaded SelLngth LRV URV 1.50V LRV URV Top Yes>No 1.50V PW PW PW On>Off (On) tics tics Select
to the LTM-250/350 This section the ComPort: This currently the factory and troubleshooting. the first appears the option to this option. If selected and this then the the to the to clear the of this option. The the This option allows the to the factory or or If other the to then those or the from to Then the or and from these as Loading Factory the the to Then the option to Load appear. Press and the Factory option appear then to the from from or the or arrows the Factory the the other the the to Then the option to Load appear. the or arrow to the Load to option. Press and the appear with the of the At the the or arrow the the option to the or One to other The factory (or to), from. This the factory to linearity the to the This released necessary. This option/feature appears software revisions or higher.
to the LTM-250/350 Please factory attempting this Procedure The following the This to the and emergency. If to the following the user through that instead with the the the the to and The first SelLngth or length. This the the length. This information found the of the housing. Section Product the the or arrows and The LRV or of the this It recommended to this and The URV or the and The This the amount of the shorter Please the factory with this The the to ration. Please the factory with this The the amount of the the increase the near the Please the factory with this The the or the known the and The should and the should If the appears then the If the back to the of the then the troubleshooting the Section troubleshooting The within the published this to and highly as as the If the and reading match or appear to incorrect inches then the function the and the and buttons to the the and then The the and accordingly. this what
to the LTM-250/350 and of the LTM-250 and LTM-350 the to the This mount with them. If the please factory If the and mount top mount or then following these THIS PROCEDURE IS FOR GAGE MOUNT TRANSMITTERS ONLY. Physically the (this includes the and mount accordingly. to the while rotating the the front cover of the and then using the protection screws screws) to the the screws to to the the and back the The should right or the housing to the entry. The the There that to this To this and the then while holding the and the seconds. The should appear. the or to rotating the what and the selected the the This where the or mount selected. This with reference to where the located top or Select the and If the selection the back to The Select the (or from the Select the to to the Selecting then through section of this the the where the existing the and and the appear. If the appears then the If the back to the of the then the operation Further troubleshooting the operation Section troubleshooting
to the LTM-250/350 The and the or option. The allows the of the the It when to This that The first increased and The or DC this and increased shorter The third (and the or this recommended to within There purposely this option as recommended that these the than It recommended that the user the factory this option This option factory these Please factory with The factory the drastically (PW The and interface) there readings transmitted or displayed. This the from the and other This option/feature appears software revisions or higher. Conversion from Mount to from mount to or the factory to Please the of the the factory and offer in-field with and Converting from mount to the from the then (or from the factory with and Converting from to mount: the from the then and factory with of and the to which the to mounted. to the when the to/from the or
Section There really to this The to specified If the and please follow these instructions and the length the as the If please accordingly. Sections and to the and the URV to the and At the the (or and then At the the (or and then the and the should calibrated. If to troubleshoot or factory The LTM-250/350 protected from incorrect something incorrectly the LCD seconds and then to the of the there to the to the and the LRV or URV as and LTM Troubleshooting Troubleshooting built products each specifically to or and the user the ordering/purchasing process. Each factory to user there to these the from the of purchase/delivery to installation. If the to these to please and follow the the instruction and operation (I/O or the factory. free to the factory or The following established to the through troubleshooting the There that They Physical to the the and the permanently or properly. of to the factory immediately. to randomly, usually around the Unit Unit If the arrives please
Water to the or This the the If there that the incurred please the factory to to the back factory inspection. Physical and covered warranty. Indentation. It to the of the These with the If this appears to the (or preferably) the of the the head of the motion without This usually clear such motion from the This the which the to or The LTM-350 HART however HART the Troubleshooting The LTM-250/350 to with supply of 13V its without affecting the The supply At the necessary, the of or higher This appear to the of the to below The correctly to To this the of the supply increased. of or polarity applied. LTM- polarity protected. Troubleshooting Below troubleshooting the LTM that established Symptom: The LCD turning correctly (meaning and reversed). The polarity protected. the seated properly. the front cover (where the LCD and the to the seated properly the protection screws physically higher than the of the housing. the and back reseat the correctly. or to the protection screw and lightly each screw
Section Information The LTM-350 HART and The section the HART Communication the LTM-350. This section what HART please www.hartcomm2.org to learn about HART. The following chart of HART This chart to and operations when using or HART PV Interface LRV URV LTM-350 HART HART Flowchart LTM350 Diag/Service>>>>> D/A UTP Interface LTP LTP A/D UTP RTD UTP A/D UTP RTD LTP A/D LTP DAC DAC
and Flowchart (continued) LRV URV PV Rate of Unit LCD LSL USL Units Units Profiles>>>>>>>> Factory DC (Enabled/Disabled) High High High Condition>>>>>> D/A
and Flowchart asmbly PV, displayed. Software when interface included. when included. displays interface HART Information>>>>>> ID Purchase Revision #s>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Universal