LTM-300 Instruction Pearland. Texas. PH: FAX: MAIL www.isemagtech.com
LTM-300 Section Mounted Section Theory of Interface/ Section and Strap-On Recommended Section Specications Specications Section On-Board Section Troubleshooting and HART) Interference Troubleshooting Section Insulation of with Insulation Insulation Warning Section Warranty and HART Option ISE/MagTech Warranty. HART Option Information Instruction and of
SECTION The LTM-300 and areas. Testing and obtained from areas. This wire, to and and (optional) to The optional the HART Interface Both to The assembly includes and attached Optional of the LTM-300 to interface of the and typically and/or of of and to applications. or Information Product assigns each The the month of indicating the of of with its single-purpose and the surrounding to the such and located within the the somewhat lighter than the whose to measured, that the interface of the the the and continuously activates the the The the housing the and This precisely to the the Mounted The LTM-300 to the of the LG such installation, as accessory the The to the to to the of the LTM-300. the right shown installations, the the as the the or of the Section the LTM-300 the with its around the optionally the or, of high chamber the housing of the and assembly. used, should when the to the chamber that the freely the of the to with the LTM-300. The typically the interface of the of the the The of the such that it the lighter used, of about three inches recommended to interference The of the memory using the and buttons. The buttons located the front the section LTM-300 Mounting C LG
SECTION The LTM-300 assembly of The Assembly. This sealed with the its to the the houses the optional and the The to of The Housing. The housing One the board assembly and buttons. The other the termination board. The connected to the of the assembly The mounted the integrated It high-speed with HART D/A A/D Converter optional and other accessory Theory of The LTM-300 based the of first and or the industry. The and properly, high typically than inch. the industry such high the however, of inch that the consists of and heat treated chosen to which with relatively high The high as the the of light. Another near or around the from the of of this with the of the and torsional force the The of this torsion force to the this torsion both of the wire. The of this measured precisely and, the repeatable about inch, which approximately the of sound that the of the torsion to reach termination of the wire, the to the from this termination easily high-speed the to and the crystals the to The to the of the written to D/A Converter and to to the item measured. The the of microseconds there the greater the of the from the head of the included the software to the and the software instead of required, or when the with mount head. Section further The LTM-300 as as three The the and third outputs. The LTM-300 with the following with that The and third and to and/or interface The HART. The of this that the the and the from the becomes active the to the feedback and this rejected as the active and that high accepted. The to of and written to the D/A The the and to the of to approximately inches to the the software and the to this If this readings or the to FAIL. to the of the the of the and the front to the Provision, through HART or front FAIL to High or HART the to serially the DC with or optional the of the and to the of the the the or third The RTD type and its to high A/D The to and memory LTM-300 Units HART as
Level/Interface. below the and the automatically. The measured the as the and to the to the of the The inch to the of the although the reasons This typically to physical of the three inches. The factor the without with each other. SECTION and Strap-On CAUTION: installation, to or the head of the to the assembly the head rotated If the head please the factory. The LTM-300 mounted to the of LG mounting and hose mounting the to LG the active of the should within the of the the If the the of the the because the active of the too to existing to the of the the and the of the factory the active of the however, to to match the to the specications. If purchased interface the the should the to reading. the to the housing mounted the of the easy access. THIS MUST BE SPECIFIED AT TIME OF PURCHASE. The and of of type, the of and correctly The LTM-300 stand-alone with mounted below the housing. The this to the the active to the stand-alone of the features. Optional mounting The the stand-alone to the with the If build-up of or should the of the the to cleaned or the to with that The to match the and the measured and from to The to the measured. The located the of the to allow the to o the PLEASE NOTE: If using or interface to the with the lightest ity INTERCONNECT WIRING (CSA FM)
Recommended SECTION Specications Specications to VDC Repeatability: of or whichever Non-Linearity: of or whichever Accuracy: of or whichever of One Option: and/or Interface HART only. and with buttons or HART. Secondary HART or AMS only. On troubleshooting HART or AMS to seconds HART to 185F to 85C) Housing: Proof, NPT, Coated Polarity Protection: with the Location FM Cl C D, Cl II G, Cl III CSA (Intrinsically Cl I, I, C Proof): Cl I, I, C D, Cl II, G, Cl III Proof): IIC T4 Proof): IIC T4 II -20C +40C (-4F 104F) SAMA PMC SAMA PMC RFI SAMA PMC to to optional coated to 302F to 150C) 300F to The LTM-300 three with that The with to interface to the The third and with interface and and three as as outputs. These the and HART The HART specications and the HART COMMUNICATION section of the The factory from 50F to 300F. to the write below) or to the the Press the ENTER the displayed. Press the UP arrow to and ENTER. The Press ENTER. the or to the the The with the arrow buttons, input the from the and completed. factory and should Doing FRONT PANEL SECTION LTM-300 Congurations
inches Interface as to Level+Interface or or C to or of arrows choose Press to Select to Units rotates ft<>m<>in<>cm<>mm> PV Interface rotates PV >Level<>Interf> rotates >High<>Low<>Hold Choose to Select with NO From to allow or numbers. Choose to with to the and then Select. required. the to the the the arrow buttons input the from the and then Select. the of the from the and Press This reported selected. Choose to with Press or of Press or of This continuously the as the user the or buttons. when user Select to LCD The LTM-300 o o C LR o o o
Gage-Mounted LTM SECTION Troubleshooting and HART If the appear to properly, or the of the and that the within the active of the The active of the typically with and when the shipment. If the disconnecting the and the If RAM memory, this clear Interface It the LTM-300 to or the of the These with the ratio and the of the If this appears to the (or the of the the head of the motion and without This usually clear such CAUTION: motion from the This the which the to Troubleshooting The LTM-300 to with supply of its without aecting the The supply It found that the necessary, the of or higher This appear to the of the to below The correctly to this To this the of the supply increased somewhat. increase and such or polarity applied. The LTM-300 the polarity from and the If and the that the polarity TERMINAL BOARD and Installation inspect and to with the and directly to the securely and to chamber. and clearly with of the and Top of clearly TOP to right Inspect and This protects and from below the To A of This the from the of the to of the of should (A DIMENSION) inches) EXAMPLE: A Length. properly the ipped. NOTE: There top the to and it from the top DO NOT REMOVE EITHER SPRING. Check-out and NOTE: The LTM 24VDC wire) and of HART the the LTM to of and the the LTM to of With the the of the LTM should the HART to the the HART should the LRV or inches With the the of the LTM should HART should URV or inches To functionality of and the chamber with and to and properly.
If or HART LEVEL SIGNAL LOST HART, or to HART section of this service (204C) and should properly insulated with OUTSIDE the the or of the LTM-300 the technician should to the to the as this the wire. The LTM-300 inductor located the of the operation of the this inductor as through the wire. If or the with the this temporary of the which the biased. other the phase If this the inductor should recover. It manually or to the arching motion. SECTION Insulation of with Insulation strongly that insulation of the with externally mounted If service type insulation required, MUST the factory to the TUBE TUBE: necessary of the If insulation to the then the following MUST followed: type insulation (NOT HARD SKIN) and around the chamber only. DO NOT cover the LTM as this the and possibly the the insulation the LTM re-mounted its factory-preset from the chamber and to the chamber as the to the properly). the the the of the operating of 300F. and assembly HOT service, the OUTSIDE the this type of insulation from further information the factory. SECTION Warranty and HART products warranted and workmanship of from of shipment. The chamber and the of the or to which attached. years. or its those products that to as specied, with the following Products repaired or that authorized Products subjected to or Products that connected, or otherwise such with instructions. This warranty of other warranty or other than Repairs and/or the of based the terms and of this warranty. Defective products to the factory the Authorization from warranty repairs or the factory Houston. freight Factory warranties include service. service warranty repairs the service to terms and of this warranty writing and authorized or of NOTE: ALL MAGTECH GAGES SHOULD BE UNPACKED AND THOROUGHLY INSPECTED UPON RECEIPT. GAGES ARE SHIPPED FOB FACTORY AND ARE FULLY PROTECTED AGAINST DAMAGE OR LOSS DURING SHIPMENT. ANY CLAIMS FOR PARTS DAMAGED DURING SHIPMENT SHOULD BE SUBMITTED WITHIN DAYS OF RECEIPT OF GOODS BY CUSTOMER. Insulation Warning ----------WARNING--------- Warranty
HART Option Information HART This section the selections to the The HART shown the and of the and information the right. the HART connected to the and turned the that the the If the as or the to the shows the information to the the as Interface or Interface and Interface selected as the (Interface the the to the shows the information to the the selects the top the the right arrow, the displays selections to the of these selections information about of the as the following If the selects the from the the displays the of the If the Interface, the displayed. If the the displayed. If the selects Diag/Service from the the displays further selections to the These selections the section titled and Service following this If the selects from the the of further selections and information. This the of the that the (PV), the and the type. this the to the (PV) the with both and Interface. It displays the that allow the user to the The to the PV and the of the the section titled If the user selects from the the displays further selections to the These selections the section titled Finally, the selects from the of that displays the of each of the of the The PREV or NEXT to with the or EXIT to to the the user through the the to this of to EXIT the through the and Service The user this selecting Diag/Service from the There to further selections, and and and that the from this If the user selects from the Diag/Service the choice of the selecting Operation or only the selecting and to that as shown below.
If the selects from the to of the indicating the health of the operation. If the OFF, that that the operating If the ON, that that the and the user to corrective action. The to through the to each the the with the that intervention. If the Interface or those as OFF. To to the the EXIT. If the selects from the to of the related to the of the and DAC If the of this of the ON. The to through the to each the the that the of The user should then this the as below the selection. To to the the EXIT. If the user selects from the the HART to the to of the that items within the of operation or The HART to the of the this process, the HART the to the Then the HART the to the the the detected with the that intervention. The user acknowledge this OK to with the the the that the of The user should then this the as below the selection. The acknowledge this OK to with the the HART completed the of ON reports the of the The user acknowledge the of the OK to to the of the Operation and Interface when the including the the user corrected the these should the the selects the option, the HART displays the that the should from this The HART then the to YES or NO the to shown the selects YES to Then the HART the to the
The HART informs the that the when the to the command. The acknowledge this information OK to The then that the to the OK the HART to the The the arrow to to the Diag/Service If the user selects from the Diag/Service that allow the to the to to function. the selects the option, the HART displays the warning that the should from this The with four selections as shown the The and selections those while selecting Other the to input the that The exited the selects The shows the user selection The ENTER the The HART then the to the to and then the of that the applied. To to the the OK. The exactly the the selection option If the user wishes to other than or the option Other and then the ENTER The then input the of the ENTER the the input the to the The HART then command the to the to and then the of that the applied. To to the the OK. To the the the option and then the ENTER The HART then the to the to to the as The then that the to the user OK the HART to the Service If the selects from the Diag/Service of selections The the type of to The Scaled D/A the that its the and with the
(DAC) If to the or that the input of both the and other preferably the of the If the with C or that both C and other the of the operating If the selects Scaled D/A from the this appear the that the should from proceeding. this the user OK to The informs the that the of the the to the instructions using If and the that the The ENTER when ready. The HART instructs the user to the reference that to the The OK when ready. The HART command the to the to The user OK when ready to the to the the output to the user to the reference reading. the actually reads that input with the The user ENTER when the The based the from the reference the DAC and the output based the If the the reference the ENTER. If the and ENTER to try The HART the to the to The user OK when ready to the to the the to the to the reference reading. the actually reads that input with the The ENTER when ready to The based the from the reference the DAC and the based the If the the reference the ENTER. If the user and ENTER to The The HART the of the to operation. The then that the to the OK the HART to the The HART the the Scaled D/A
Starting the the This the the that the to the reference If the selects from the this appear the that the should from proceeding. this the user OK to This the that proceeding aect the The OK when ready to The HART that the to the the this the the chosen The OK when the that The seconds to that the Once the the without intervention. The HART then the command to the to the the completed its to the HART Then the HART inform the that the The then that the to the OK the HART to the The HART the the Starting the the This the The the that the user to the reference The the of the If the selects from the this appear the that the should from proceeding. this the OK to This the that proceeding aect the The user OK when ready to proceed. The HART that the to the the this the the chosen The user OK when the that The seconds to that the Once the the without intervention. The HART then the to the to the the completed its to the HART Then the HART inform the that the
The HART that the to the The other recommended that this as from the as the this the the the chosen The OK when the that The seconds to that the Once the the without intervention. The HART then the to the to the The HART the to the the high The HART the and the user the The HART this to the the completed its of the to the HART Then the HART inform the that the Then the HART inform the that the The then that the to the OK the HART to the The HART the the Starting the the This the the reference of the RTD ohms). If the user selects from the this appear the that the should from proceeding. this the OK to This the that proceeding aect the The user OK when ready to proceed. The HART that the to the C If the to C or the to ohms. The OK when the RTD or the The about seconds to that the Once the the without intervention. The HART then the to the to the the completed its to the HART Then the HART inform the that the
The then that the to the OK the HART to the The HART the the the the This the The the the reference of the RTD ohms). The near the of the If the selects from the this appear the that the should from proceeding. this the user OK to This the user that proceeding aect the The OK when ready to proceed. The HART that the to the C If the to C or using the to ohms. The OK when the RTD or the The about seconds to that the Once the the without intervention. The HART then the to the to the the completed its to the HART Then the HART inform the user that the The HART that the to the If the to the or to the this The OK when the RTD or the The about seconds to that the Once the the without intervention. The HART the to the the high The HART the C, and the the C. The HART this to the The HART then the to the to the the completed its to the HART Then the HART inform the that the
Procedures The then that the to the OK the HART to the The HART the the If to both and Interface, the the Select PV the If to Interface, the appear. If the selects Select PV from the this appear the user that the should from proceeding. this the OK to The which or Interface the other which the from the this the selects and ENTER when ready to proceed. The HART the command selecting the to the and the when the The then that the to the OK the HART to the the and the If to the which the Current and when the the selected or the Interface which the and when the Interface the selected the following used. If the selects from the appear with the choices and Apply The to the and If the selects from the the the LRV the URV or the Unit of If Unit selected the right arrow, selection of to the This the user that the user and the from or the selected the that the or arrows, ENTER to the selected that the to the that this the previous The HART the to the The acknowledge this pressing OK to The user to the that the F2 SEND. The the SEND the HART to the to the
The HART this the that the should from proceeding. this the OK to The user then that the to the OK the HART to the If the user the then the selects the that to using the arrow the highlighted If the selects LRV from the the LRV displayed the as shown to the this the to the LRV to and ENTER the to with the of the The shows the selected the the HART the command to the the SEND F2 that the to the to the If the selects URV from the the URV displayed the as shown to the this the user to the URV to and ENTER the to with the of the the the and Apply On to the the shown LRV and URV the that the user The should the the URV and LRV and this with the the If the than the the the that the F2 SEND. The the SEND the HART to the to the The HART this the that the should from proceeding. this the OK to The then that the to the OK the HART to the The shows the LRV, URV and Unit selected the If the to the and the (or Interface) the Apply from the If the selects Apply from the this appear the user that the should from proceeding. this the user OK to
The the choice to the or or to the the the The HART the to the (or Interface) to the that to the that the user OK to with the The HART then reading from the indicating the this The then the option of this as the of the reading from the or the as was. If the the as the the HART the command the LRV and when the to the If the to the selects the option and ENTER to the The HART the to the (or Interface) to the that to the that the OK to with the The HART then reading from the indicating the this The then the option of this as the of the reading from the or leaving the as was. If the user selects Condition from the with three The and Apply the section. The third option allows the to the Level/Interface factor. If the the as the the HART the the URV and when the to the the to the Apply the entry. The then that the to the OK the HART to the Selections the section, shown that the user selects the from the the following the following selection of to the If the selects from the the Unit Level/Interface or the The third option that the selections. If the user selects from the options presented. If the the and options presented. The of these the previous section
The LTM-300 with the following IEC IEC60079-1 EN EN LTM300IOM If the selects from the with and HART If the selects from the the type displayed and options and Scaled D/A The the section and Scaled D/A the section. If the user selects HART from the the of the and the of the If the user selects information from the items and option displayed. This of the displays the items to the The of the of information items shown to the The Revision the revisions of the If the user selects Revision from the information the to the the revisions of the Starting the and ENTER. This anywhere the reference to the of the the of the o from the of the and ENTER. This o reported selected. The the factory when the The as reference of as as the URL and LRL shown the If that this to the the used. Road, Pearland. Texas. PH: FAX: MAIL www.isemagtech.com The F3 to the to the LTM300. The found the and selecting Select to or If the incorrect, the and ENTER the to the the SEND ton highlighted. Press SEND to write the to the