FM-3 Reference P/N Revision: A8 March Drives, Inc.
Information furnished Inc. to and responsibility its the right to the or of the and associated motion products without responsibility that appear this Information this to without FM-3 Reference P/N Revision: A8 March Drives, Inc.
Drives, Inc. Revision: A8 March Printed United States of America Information this to without of this or transmitted or or mechanical, without the written of The following of and without written of EMERSON Motion EMERSON Motion AXIMA, Motion of EMERSON Inc. affiliated with Microsoft Corporation, of the Microsoft, and NT This to to the released of the of and to further and the the and instances. inconsistency.
Customer U.S.A. Telephone: or It to with the of products. to fast, and That why offer to the Whether or information hours of services FAX You FAX and to FAX to the and www.emersonct.com www.emersonct.com If to technical The includes technical release and other technical This technical and software electronically. or Motion products backed of professionals who service installation. technical ready to those the telephone. technical hours service to Also, through service organization. please with easily and to the following information: Product found choosing About from the The type of or using
of that appear What when the occurred to the service, the technical when service or required. Training Services or highly trained of instructors to with Motion products and their applications. of offered, of which taught Application or of factory tough or offer broad of and knowledge of motion applications. Customer Service or Authorized directly with Customer Service the Customer Service this the established to learn to this and easily. as these to those found other Microsoft software and options type: the with the field OK Source printed ERMS.
the following typographic throughout this Characters that type exactly as they appear. directed to type should type the characters exactly as they printed. information directed to type should type the instead of the shown type. ALL CAPITALS Directory and SMALL CAPS Non-printable ASCII characters. KEY1+KEY2 to and the first while the KEY1,KEY2 to and release the the other. the of this and information about the or the respective of the EN EN the of this and the EN information about the EN specifically. Throughout this the to EN or MDS Warning that, death or serious that, or without the that, property This
Instructions Warning to follow death or serious injury. The the shock and/or burns and necessary when with or to the The with legislation the country of Qualified the of this and who with the installation, and of the and the involved. this the following trained and authorized to clear and ground and and with established trained the and of protective with established trained first Reference The following related reference and with Function (P/N and EN Reference (P/N Software (P/N FM-3 and FM-4 Connectivity Reference (P/N (MDS) Reference (P/N
Precautions This professional If the incorrectly, The and high and high of or mechanical that injury. You should to the and to operation or the of malfunction. commissioning and who the and and follow this information and the instruction This to mounted which trained and authorized and which the of This classified as with IEC664-1. This that only non-conducting Commissioning and It that to to the You or Restoring or operation. of Within the Union machinery with which this with Directive 89/392/EEC, of Machinery. The and tested to high and the of offered the function forward/reverse and safety-critical without of protection. where malfunction or of to and further protection where warning to follow death or serious The this shock and/or burns, and lethal. when with or to this The installation comply with Considerations
legislation the country of AC supply isolation The AC supply from the using isolation or servicing other than to the or the The which to the supply Allow least the supply carrying which with to the Products connected and where the incorporated which to the AC supply and the of the connected to the input, which from the charge the To of shock from the they the from the (that latching Grounding (Earthing, The grounded to the of The ground shown the followed. or over-current protection the input with the instructions the of The that the isolated from least of insulation rated the AC supply
FM-3 Reference The FM-3 and function that attaches to the front of the It input and four to the four input and three the other function the FM-3 offers motion profiling. motion consists of or that such that the velocity of each the instructions motion the The FM-3 motion that includes function assignments and The created software the and as boxes. The of input and functions through assignments the software. easy-to-use Microsoft based and EN with FM-3 Function that the firmware whenever Function such as the FM-3 attached. Therefore, the FM then the firmware the the function memory. firmware the The FM-3 within the This allows to the FM-3 to another without this Emerson Motion software to as Introduction
FM-3 Reference FM-3
FM-3 Reference This section functional of the FM-3. It to with thorough of operations. The includes to FM-3 and which displayed and/or edited software, or through interface. The FM-3 the the to written using FM-3 attached to the operation and features of the The operating Velocity and when FM-3 attached. The FM-3 within the This allows to the FM-3 to another without The FM-3 allows to and Homes. It input and four to the four input and three the Software Interface The FM-3 software. easy-to-use based and It with the to and You or to or from You to PC or or Software to the to software motion to I/O function assignments
FM-3 Reference The (shown of The expanded and contracted clicking the that the right of the To the through the from top to of of the Assignment that the assignments to the the the assignments displayed). Interface The the front of the FM-3 through of and displays of Navigation through the accomplished with the located below the The top the they to the commands located directly each the LCD. These to the group, and/or to information. The four arrow to through to and to and The operation of the arrow the type of which
FM-3 Screen and On the the type and shown the top of the The shows the type. If user selected, the user appear. The third shows each of the From the the user selects of to with. The using the The roughly to the the software. The shown and around. The with the FM-3 below). the FM-3 the SECUR and QUICK (right QUICK PROG INDEX (Index) HOME (Home) JOG RAMPS SECUR (Security)
FM-3 Reference DVNET+ MODIF MENU MODIF MENU Security: Security: Rate Rate MODIF MENU MENU Security: Security: Security: Network Network MENU MODIF MENU Security: Security: MODIF MENU MENU Security: Security: OK MENU MENU Security: Security: MsgProcessed MENU MENU Security: Security: MENU Security: MENU Security: MENU Security: selecting using of the the FM-3 that group. This the first the or the that group. The FM-3 track of the EN-204 MG-316 SECUR SECUR JOG* RAMPS Stop MODIF MENU MODIF MENU MODIF MENU Security: Security: Security: <Jog.0.Accl> MODIF MENU MODIF MENU MODIF MENU Security: Security: Security: MODIF MENU MODIF MENU Security: Security: MODIF MENU OK Security: Security: MODIF MENU Security: Ct MENU Security: and Indexes (Index.0 to Index.7) to FM-3DN and FM-4DN Profibus FM-3PB and FM-4PB On with and right to the Instance PROG* HOME INDEX* MODIF MENU MODIF MENU MODIF MENU Security: Security: Security: Home.0.Accl <Ind.0.Accl> MODIF MENU MODIF MENU Security: Security: <Ind.0.Decl> MODIF MENU MODIF MENU Security: Security: Home.0.Init MODIF MENU MODIF MENU Security: Security: <Ind.0.Init> MENU MODIF MENU Security: Security: MODIF MENU Security: Select MODIF MENU Security: QUICK GRAPH MENU Security: GRAPH MENU Security: Following GRAPH MENU Security: MODIF MENU Security: Rate MODIF MENU Security: MENU Security: MENU Security: MENU Security: MENU Security: MENU Security: MENU Security: Clear OK MENU Security: MENU Security: MENU Security:
each and to that when back to the group. This and the FM-3 displays the first the group. this the shown the first of the The arrow to through the the selected group.The the or of The third the The arrow to through the when the and shown. shown the the and the The of appear the about second. Then the appear. The about second. Motion Works The FM-3 four of motion: and or (exclusionary motion types). Through assignments and the FM-3 motion The affects motion specifying which of (CW or CCW) motion the Works of the or Assignments to such that when the input turned and the input its and with specified velocity. associated with If trying to or to known then used.
FM-3 Reference Works The which the with of the The initiated of three with the Initiate Destination function found the Assignments through or with the or to the that to The FM-3 the to the or to and then to the
Function, The function screw. This of the the off the the This optional). to the to establish reference Next to the Then the and feedback to the the of Homing to the the and repeatable This the relative to the location of the of the and to the of the Several the function operates. Each of these the following The function NOT initiated when other motion Establishing Reference The first to the reference type. The Reference selected the Reference established.
FM-3 Reference allows selection of of three or and Selecting the of the input function to establish the reference Reference Selecting the of the to the reference Reference Position
and Selecting and the reference established using the first the the of the input function. and Reference and Repeatability The amount of the Reference option select. Homing to establish repeatable within The the of perfectly repeatable and the least the of the input to At RPM, the (or
FM-3 Reference and Reference The On least to that and Reference The the from the Reference to the the of the homing of the the or which Reference choose, there offset the homing process. The user offset or allow the to offset automatically. The offset that that the to to to the offset This The offset the from the velocity to the the velocity This to that the to the Direction of On
The allows the user to choose offset from the Reference. Once the reference detected, the whatever to reach the offset This as as to to or the To specified the displays the offset as reference. If the reference the reached its velocity, the to the offset Velocity Not If the Reference the reached its velocity, the to the offset Velocity Reached
FM-3 Reference below operation when the specified offset or than the This the to and the offset or the Greater than of The of the relation to the At the of the the of the of the
This the the the If reference found, the and the The function activated the the without the reference. Additionally, the Home.CommandComplete function On the Linear Application this the and the to establish Reference This the and to to and the FM-3 the Initiate, it the to the Velocity. The that velocity first the input. It the velocity the The of the to establish the reference Once the reference detected, the to and to the offset
FM-3 Reference If then back off Search Search to offset feedback to of Velocity Velocity Profile off of of
Rotary Application This and the to establish reference and then the the of the Initiate function, the to the Velocity. The that velocity first the input. The the velocity the activated. The of the to the reference the of the the and to the specified offset Velocity Profile
FM-3 Reference The and that to and the The and below this Indexes where the to of where the when the initiated. The FM-3 the to to the specified from the Index the the If this initiated, the to of where the From to If the to initiated immediately the motion the already of The of the and the If the the then the the to The below shows this. Index Index
with Rotary the shortest to the the to to where the the Home, or the Indexes the specified the or of the The of the motion the or of the Index the the of and If the initiated the FM-3 would the another to of If initiated third the would another to of The below shows this operation.
FM-3 Reference where the and then from the of such as and beyond. The consists of The first the to the velocity and this velocity or of the offset the velocity. The to input or received within the to the of If of the Rotary and Rotary Indexes Rotary and Rotary Indexes forced of to The Rotary or type within the Rotary other function the as they with to of the Rotary to the specified forced Similarly, Rotary to the forced Rotary and Indexes usually applications, therefore the the the software to them. the following the D specified) If D motion the implied. the following the Rotary the to This that with each of the (or feedback count to then to . Indexes with Rotary of the the section of Rotary If the  and the the At the of this the would . the shortest to the specified within the If the and the specified would the At the of this the
If the and the specified would the that the shortest and Rotary to the specified and forced (or Rotary within the the and the specified Rotary would the At the of this the would If the and the Rotary the Rotary to the specified forced to the (or Rotary within the and the and the specified Rotary would the At the of this the would If the and the specified Rotary would the Work the of reading information back from the to the To information from click the the or from the Downloading Downloading the of created with from the PC to the FM-3 the information or the to RAM clicked. To information to FM-3, the the or from the the user through of that what and which the PC used.
FM-3 Reference NVM and Downloading from FM-3 the that and At the of the the user they to the NVM This shown below. selecting the of NVM and the If selected, the the the as those that to the FM-3 Downloading downloading to the FM-3 the to to the NVM downloading. The the to of three options the shown below. of each of the options as follows: This option overwrite the NVM with the the The that NVM to the This option the NVM from the FM-3 and them the user Once the NVM the the downloaded. This option the then NVM to the to This to the option, the
option the NVM the The following shows of these options PT NVM to RAM The to RAM to to the FM-3 without The to RAM found the This those that the to RAM or Download to the FM-3. The immediately clicking the The to the FM-3 without motion or the of this, to when motion while the motion. The to RAM the only to RAM and to Memory (NVM). Therefore, the the to RAM to to NVM, The below typical the to RAM to and then downloading when to to NVM. Download Download Option Option Option
FM-3 Reference to RAM Flow Chart The to RAM operates to the following If the the to RAM If the that the to RAM If while the the that the to RAM become the clicks the to RAM the to the FM-3. Once transmitted, the become another If the while the when the the to RAM If the user and the and the Options/Preferences/Ptools This the that the when and downloading the FM-3/4 Download Section: Ptools/Drive On the of the that about to to and to to the that to to firmware revisions. This allows the user to the to revision. the NVM
this selected the function to the This function overwrite the FM-3 including user NVM as the NVM of It to the Memory the first to the Memory the the the this selected the function the NVM to the the function the NVM from the and the the The software then this updated to the the and them the This option created to allow users to the that HMI, PLC or internally as they to the NVM this selected the of the that to the NVM then these temporary memory location and the these to the the each This option created who of whether they overwrite or the NVM this selected, that the the option to or as Section: Application to this selected, to match the functionality of Application matching this selected, to and the to match the firmware and of the each this selected, to the to the to the or the to match
FM-3 Reference Memory (NVM) Section: NVM this selected, to of the that to the NVM and the of these NVM this selected, the NVM and the that originally to the the each this selected, to the user whether to the NVM or to the NVM Downloading The Download allows the to that from the or with the This to from unauthorized If to the the software The to with the to the the or to completely the first the To this, the to the Then the The following should appear On this the as located the of the then the Doing this BOTH
the as as the (.fm3s). The s the of the The to the directory as the To the Download, Then Download the as shown below. then the to the that they to Select the that and then the This the to the (.fm3s) or The to allow the to The only the function. If to appear indicating that the the protected the of this shown below. MG the Release and These together to the of the The below shows the relationship the and motion should commanded while the Release Destination On Destination On On
FM-3 Reference Release The Brake.Release function release the this function active, the (that release This function other allowing the to released while active or the function. The Brake.Activate function, when active, the the Release function. This function externally the while allowing the to the and The function to the holding If the function off, the mechanically the the the front of the The to capacity, therefore, relay to offers relay, BRM-1.
FM-3 Reference The of the These to selecting the the appear the right of the The with of each function. The Direction, Rate and Switching shown when with the FM-3 The consists of the and the Address.
FM-3 Reference This 12-character this this the currently each allows to when downloading, editing, and troubleshooting. characters This to This the of the to which the The The consists of and Select the the currently Select the to software only the that with the selected and motors. Selecting the type and property to the and/or EN EN the and the to This choices: VAC and VAC. If the to VAC when the VAC, the slightly to commands and The to VAC the actually VAC. This instability and property The consists of the and
Scaling This the Scaling of the Scaling This the of the This allows to the of to the of the the If the Scaling to higher than the the that of the Direction The Direction consists of clockwise (CW) Rotation or counter-clockwise (CCW) Rotation The motion CW or counter-clockwise CCW Perspective of rotation as the from the front of the CW Rotation Select this which CW to motion the (increasing CCW Rotation Select this which CCW to motion the (increasing Rate This the the FM-3 This often the motion and the processed. the the feedback information and Also the the I/O scanned. information, and If from the FM-3 or to the FM-3, then Once processed, the of the to the motion of selections Trajectory and microseconds. The the the to the and the to performance. The shorter the the the performance, to the when with the to the of of further information)
FM-3 Reference Switching This the switching of the amplifier. EN the switching and MDS, the switching to performance. selections and information this to the MDS Reference P/N Only) The when and consists of the group, Velocity group, group, Feedback group, and the group.
Command the commanded to the the FM-3 This following account. PosnFeedback and FollowingError. Units Feedback Feedback the the PosnFeedback the FollowingError Following The Following the the Command and the Feedback. It when the Command than the Feedback. counts. This reflects the feedback of the and This Velocity Velocity Command The Velocity Command the velocity that the FM-3 commanding the to This the velocity and It displayed Velocity Feedback This the feedback (or velocity. It the of the It the velocity which the the Rate the performance of trajectory that to that the updated often and the performance. Without to the and to The of the shows the to There to with this. They as follows:
FM-3 Reference This shows the lowest measured microseconds) the Trajectory Rate and the to the the the FM-3 to PLS, Compound and therefore The software records the lowest measured and displays as the To the to the and tracking the lowest the the If the reaches If of then usec recommended to switch the to the higher Margin This shows of the microseconds) the Trajectory Rate and the to the the brought The higher the the to than recommended to switch the to the higher Feedback Used motion, this displays the of the the Units This displays the of the counts. Velocity This displays the velocity of the units/second. Command This displays the The the the active) or Units this the the Units This the commanded to the This the the the or the
RMS This the thermal heating and cooling of the and reaches activated. the section of RMS This the thermal heating and cooling of the internal This the of capacity this reaches the RMS This to the EN-204 which internal This to the EN-208 and EN-214. Information Only) Information the of the Revision the of the the of the with which currently Information the of the FM-3 Revision the of the firmware the FM-3 with which currently the of the FM-3 with which currently
FM-3 Reference Units The Units to the known information velocity, and and throughout the selecting Units the the Units appear the right Units Units This 10-character the user to
The of this the of the and throughout the software. high of the of You from to of accuracy. the of existing the and to Scaling Characteristic and established to allow the FM-3 to back to This factor as follows: Characteristic This the the user when the the characteristic Characteristic This the the whole of to characteristic of Scaling to and the wishes to of inches instead of Units to to of the (or pulley), the of inches Characteristic Scaling Characteristic Characteristic Scaling Characteristic
FM-3 Reference If the to reducer the the to the Characteristic Length. the Characteristic Scaling Characteristic that the characteristic whole and the from to Units and of internal math the FM-3 and FM-4, user or The velocity allowed the the section of the Units and Unit the such that the allowed the than the allowed the chosen the of allowed the to background. If to the FM-3/4 with background the Unit the trajectory this velocity. To this from and/or the characteristic of to that was. The background indicating trajectory when the user based the counts Velocity Units If checked, and velocity and If the velocity and the Group. Scaled If the the velocity to than the to characters. the inches while the velocity Velocity Units Factor This the Velocity Units back to To this, the of user that to velocity
Units leadscrew with The to Units of Inches, Velocity Units of motion Units to Units Scaled to Velocity Units Factor of Units Scaled Unit Foot Velocity Units Factor The of seconds or This selection the velocity The of this the of the velocity throughout the software. high of velocity the velocity. You from to of Acceleration From this the to The selected both and You from milliseconds or seconds. The of this the of the throughout the software. high of the You from to of Units 10-character the
FM-3 Reference The of this the of the throughout the software. high of the You from to of Scaling The amount of to the Continuous This to the back the The of this This factor with the to establish relationship and Units Units the with motion. This the and establishes the velocity, Units
Source Source the location of the input. Select to the input the FM-3 to the command the Polarity Polarity the of the that to change. the incoming to the motion command. This allows to choose the type to match the the input selected accordingly based whether the incoming or Source Source which to the the FM- If selected, then the from the that the the FM-3 If selected, then the synchronization to the to the FM-3 If selected, then the the FM-3 the the that the Feedback to when the activated. the activated, the Rotary If the the Rotary If the to the specified the counts the feedback increase reaches the Rotary
FM-3 Reference and then to and to count If rotating the the feedback reaches and then the Rotary Units The this to establish the of the Units This text to characters that to the of the incoming synchronization The of this the of the and motion throughout the software. high of the You from to of Scaling The factor as MasterAxis.CharacteristicDistance MasterAxis.Counts. The (top of the the Characteristic The of the the of Counts. The Characteristic the of Units that of counts the of the The Counts the of incoming to the characteristic Velocity Units the of to the velocity motion. Units The of this the of the motion throughout the software. high of the You from to of
The where the input smoothing to or high These include and follower to phase (or the followers to the velocity and The FM-3 to these introduced the The the of to to "smooth" the velocity. The the the smoother the velocity however the introduced the This that and follower. with the to positioning performance while smooth motion. The below to the One of phase velocity (function of of (function of (function of High the to RAM" The the the the The to or off the If the active and the the of the If the used. the of the to smooth the Increasing the of increases smoothness, increases to OFF ON Increasing Smoother High with FF Reduced
FM-3 Reference The to or off If active. If used. The allows to and the related to selected the The right of the of the and their below. This the to which the when the activated. This which reference The the Units
The the of the of following than or to the the The of the Following than or to this the of the to This specified the Units The to At the of the following to Therefore, the to inches. If the of the following to inches, then the This the amount of seconds that commanded motion and the of the following than the the to If to then as as motion and the following than the Following Check this to (or the Following If the of the following the the following If Following Following the the Position Command and the Feedback. It when the Command than the Feedback. If the of the following the the Following (F). Following cleared when the The Following Software this to (or checked) the software If the software monitored.
FM-3 Reference Software Software to They the to another of security or protection from exceeding the The FM-3 constantly the feedback and this the Software or then the to Software functional the active. active of or the activated. To recover from software commanded the of software then the the Software If the than or to this the Software Active when the than or to the Software as as the Software If the than or to this the Software when the than or to the Software as as the Rotary Rotary this to (or checked) the Rotary This and the which the internal counter to The user with of The Rotary would to of The the the feedback reaches and the feedback (or to If the and the the to and count The of the the
Units the Units the software. If with the FM-3 the shortest to its and the To force the to the Rotary or Rotary type of shown) While the following displayed. Command This the commanded the FM-3 Feedback This the feedback of the Following The Following the user the Command and the Feedback. It when the Position Command than the Feedback. The counts when the to This
FM-3 Reference Velocity The Velocity allows the of selecting Velocity the the Velocity appear the right Velocity FeedRate This to motion. It as The of allow motion to of that as as they of that as fast as they active and affects motion, including and motion. This or
FeedRate The FeedRate the when velocity to the FeedRate The of Seconds/ of Therefore, the specify the amount of seconds) to or of FeedRate to The wishes to motion to of velocity. If to when the FeedRate to seconds to to velocity. wishes to from velocity to Seconds. Therefore, the they to FeedRate as follows: FeedRate shown) If this the and the velocity group. Velocity Velocity Command The Velocity Command the command the FM-3 to the Velocity Feedback This the feedback velocity user Seconds
FM-3 Reference The information the and selecting the the appear the right The the Acceleration Press the arrow the Acceleration It the types: S-Curve, S-Curve, Linear, and S-Curve.
This to the type motion (homes, and The S-Curve offer the smoothest motion, to higher Linear the lowest rates they the least smooth type. S-Curve and S- Curve smoothing the and of the rates the of their The S-Curve smooth than the S-Curve smoother than the S-Curve. S-Curve where They when smooth operation Linear where Below of the types: S-Curve: S-Curve: S-Curve: Linear: Stop Deceleration The the which when the Stop activated. The RPM/second. The Stop found the the Assignments the activated, the to the the FeedholdDecelTime cleared, the back to the specified of to the within velocity and then to the the the and of velocity. Instead, the and activated with seconds specified the FeedholdDecelTime then the actually and seconds as measured time/velocity from to The the that when software or
FM-3 Reference The allows to and as as when selecting the the appear the right The right of the of the and their below. This the activation the Active If to the Active the Command reaches or This specified Units.
This the to which the Command when the active. To the active, assign the to the Initially Active the Assignments the the the If this the Command, RMS, and RMS.
FM-3 Reference The allows to based information. selecting the the appear the right The right of the of the and their functions below. and information, to Procedures Ratio Ratio the to ratio and of to If the unknown, should used. If
higher than the the to Friction This characterized of the of friction increase RPM. If estimated, than or to If the friction completely unknown, of should used. typical than The reduce to mechanical coupling and other the the velocity Checkbox selected to to the of the velocity command the This the cut-off exceeding this of The The the velocity with of to affects the to commands, and velocity to with (the The recommended the of the and Friction If the than the the overshoot If the than the following reduced If the Friction than the friction, velocity or If the Friction than the friction, velocity reduced This the
FM-3 Reference which to the to It applications, which high friction. The this the This the following The and to the following to of the the actually the than the specified with to the
The displays active below shows the Active The Active the Active Active This displays active the Those which cleared clicking the information, to and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Reference These active when with the Count This shows the of the that the FM-3 attached to the the factory. This shows the hours, the This shows the that the the factory.
PLS The PLS allows users to Switches (PLS) operation. selecting PLS the the PLS appear the right PLS PLS to or off based feedback commanded or feedback To PLS, first the PLS the assignments and then the active. PLS its and as as The terms and the Those should the
FM-3 Reference of PLS This the of PLS that used. Count with to to PLS Source The of PLS assigned to the (MotorPosnFeedback, MotorPosnCommand) or synchronization (MasterPosnFeedback). The to the the The to the the PLS. On active when the selected the and the PLS.#.OffPosn. that the PLS.#.Direction to "Both". the and the feedback the the the the the when feedback reaches or the If to the the when the feedback reaches the and when the on/off user active if:PLS.#.OnPosn Feedback PLS.#.OffPosn active when the selected the and the PLS.#.OffPosn. that the PLS.#.Direction to "Both". the and the feedback reaches the the the the the when feedback reaches or the If to the the when feedback reaches the and when the active if:PLS.#.OnPosn Feedback If using and the should the and the least should the If the PLS and the than the the PLS active whenever the feedback the On and and in-active whenever the feedback the the reaches the the first on/off Direction This specifies the of motion that PLS function. If to Both, the PLS of whether the (or the or If to the PLS only when the
the If to the PLS when the the or shear this to the PLS to fire the when the the If this from the following this Rotary This to the RotaryRolloverPosn this PLS. This the of the first this PLS. the PLS to this passed. The repeating of and the RotaryRolloverPosn. PLS with of and of If the RotaryRolloverPosn to the PLS would off off off and repeating every N/A Both
FM-3 Reference NVM At to Memory (NVM). the Work" section of the chapter which memory. NVM NVM Warning: to NVM shorten the of FM-3 or FM-4! The memory displays the that to these the NVM to the whenever the or Currently the NVM the FM-3 writes the FM-3 ceases operation. Therefore, to the NVM these than of every seconds.
allow the to related to their which the The each of and user the the located the the hierarchy. The shown below. The following of the This twelve-character that allows the to assign to the allowed the of This the of to to the the This the that the
FM-3 Reference Initial This the of the that If the as to NVM then the NVM overwrite the and The of To the arrow to the of the The of user the the To the the arrow to the of of type, meaning that they from shown) While with the FM-3, shown the of the This the of each of the Once motion or other function. To the the branch the selection
that they allow the user to rather than The each and Initial The each to characters length, and alpha character character). the however the character used. The Initial each the To the Initial "On" or "Active", the that The each or "Inactive". the as shown below. the Several of this shown below. ON OFF OR OR If ON AND OFF) Then turned them to ON, TRUE, YES, SET, or ENABLE and them to OFF, FALSE, NO, CLEAR, or DISABLE. to or The Boolean used.
FM-3 Reference and or of or The of To the the the top of the To the of the Arrow the the of the the that
and Profibus, Modbus), often to of rather than to them individually. the FM-3 to This of the the and should from the to them from the when the written to. of written to, the then with the to the of each of the If the of the then the from the written through, and the the the written If the of the then that (or and the AND NOT or Network AND of this shown below. written network each Writing to the The only when WRITING to the reading the of the
FM-3 Reference Network with the and then written directly from the and the Read/Write the The that through the or the The the (HEX), or ON. To the using to the the below). the each of the to or individually. ON (or indicated and OFF (or indicated the the and the least If the that through when written. of that appear that group. the through the through This each that FM-3/4 AND
To the the written to. The written to based or based To write to the the with the characters To write to the used. of writing the to below. This writes of the and each of the using To write the notation, the following instruction would used. This instruction would write each of the and each of the
FM-3 Reference I/O The I/O four that input and as as other These as follows: Selector, Assignments, and These expanding I/O clicking of the the I/O Assignments through the of assignments to the and Inputs) or the and Assignments the to the internal and to motion These directly to input or the or the FM-3 such as PLC or other motion connected to or the operation. The with optically isolated input to function) and three optically isolated The FM-3 input and four The input and through the I/O (J6), or through the (J5). The FM-3 input and located the front of the FM-3 and outputs as sourcing and to from to VDC You the to than each Assignments The Assignments displays information assignments the and the
Assignments The Assignments to to Destinations that to such as Index Initiates, Initiates, Initiates and Sources located the of the Assignment and that the These based activity. expanding the group, DriveInput.1 through as shown You these to actions (or the right of the To assignment the FM-3 to to to the operation. Creating Assignment: to (such as DriveInput.1) to such as Index.0.Initiate:
FM-3 Reference and the the that to assign to the the right. Press the while the and the While holding the the the and release the button. Destinations to Assign Click both the and to assign to each other. Once both highlighted, the Assign the of the become Click the Assign to the assignment. shows the and highlighted, and the Assign clicked. Once assignment the and the the and This what assigned to, and what assigned to. assigned to to as as assigned to Assignment Click both the and to Once both highlighted, the become Click the to the assignment. Right Click the the assignment with to and the right selection appear. From this selection choose of these the assignment
Source to Destination Assignment Polarity The active of assignment to Active Active On, or Custom assignment Active On that the active when the assigned to becomes active, and inactive when the inactive. assignment Active that the active when the assigned to inactive, and inactive when the active. The polarity of the assignment to Custom when required. Custom polarity allows to and based
FM-3 Reference Destination functions which initiate motion (Jog.PlusInitiate, Jog.MinusInitiate, Index.#.Initiate, and Home.#.Initiate) Active polarity assignment Active On. the polarity of assignment. Polarity Click both the and the to Once highlighted, the Polarity become the of the Click the and the as the Polarity Click OK to apply the Right Click the the assignment with to polarity and the right selection appear. From this selection choose Polarity. Polarity appear. the Polarity as and OK to apply the The the assignments. The the the top of the Choose Options/Preferences/User the commonly and expanding the of and Too and and This checkbox the and from this It allows the to and assigned. Assignments that Automatically assignments (Sources or internally performance and This the FM-3 directly to the Following of assignments that or Sources that The FM-3 inputs) constantly the and when activated related The The the of input. the input activated, the to the
that assigned to. The then the to accurately initiate motion motion-related The of the This allow the to initiate motion the of the The of the The of the This allows the to initiate motion the of the The of the Index/Jog Command Complete Activation of the the of and or then the to the of the previous motion. Index/Jog At Velocity Activation of the the of and or then the to the of the previous motion. PLS or of PLS initiating motion. to initiate motion from PLS, assignment from to the initiate Destinations that Index/Jog Initiates of the assigned to or Initiate, the information to the This offers high initiation of motion, which The to the of the based the The to the to the the Selector The Selector located I/O the the of the
FM-3 Reference Selector The allows of the of input input to The assigning to the the Assignments assigned to the selector.select Based the of the selector.selection active when the Selector.SelectorInitiate activated. At the top of the Selector the Selector Destinations used. The of Selector.Selections of the of The as follows: of selections where the of The of Once the assignments to these Selector.Select then the Assignments
Assignment the of Selector Destinations, would selection (Selector.Selection0 through Selector.Selection3). The Selector.Selection that activated the of the Selector.Select when the Selector.Selector Initiate activated. Each The as follows: where of Selector.Select Selector.Select inactive, and Selector.Select active The of the which Selector.Selection active.
FM-3 Reference The following to which Selector.Selection based the Selector.Select If Selector.Select2 active, Selector.Select1 inactive, and Selector.Select0 active, then the as follows: and Therefore, Therefore, when Selector.SelectorInitiate activates, then Selector.Selection5 If Selector.Select2 inactive, Selector.Select1 active, and Selector.Select0 active, then the would as follows: and Therefore, Therefore, Selector.Selection3 would The Selector.Select without action the Selector.SelectorInitiate activated. Selector.Selection to the Assignments shows the four selection to through initiates. this, initiate to four with and This the of to initiate of or
The displays that assigned to the or inputs. assignments using the assignments displayed the the You assign to each input and the to follow. The of the text the with of characters. the field of input to assign to Debounce You Debounce to input which the motion to steady least the This At the of the the action
FM-3 Reference If the attached to the debounced, the of the to the Reference (the The displays that assigned to the or text assigned to to the to follow.
The FM-3 to the input located the The input to The input the which located the I/O the hierarchy. The to (A/D) which to the to the FM-3 The input microseconds. Units This allows the to character to as the input This to the the input This the of the input
FM-3 Reference This the low-pass to the input. exceeding this of This the to which the should the that the input The the this field hand, or the to and the to Measured to the This the the and the the that the should to. the that the input The user the this field hand, or the to and the to Measured to the This the the and the This while It the input This while This the of the to the This the FM-3
Motion motion related to Homes, Indexes and Gearing located the Motion group. Motion that to or motion. This choice each motion The the Group: the Units and both the Units and the Units Each of the motion when that displays feedback information and buttons to initiate motion.
FM-3 Reference of the or The initiated with the Jog.#.Initiate or from This allows to and This character which assigned to the to the motion to follow. This allows the to that based as normally seconds, or based the Units
Velocity This the velocity the The this velocity when with assignment or through This The of the the of the velocity as as the Jog.PlusInitiate or the Jog.MinusInitiate. This the when initiating this If S-Curve used, then this the the The the the Units Deceleration This the when this If S-Curve used, then this the the The the the Units Sources and Destinations Sources Jog.AnyCommandComplete The Jog.AnyCommandComplete when or its and reaches commanded velocity. It when initiated If the Stop then the Jog.AnyCommandComplete Jog.#.Accelerating This active while to its velocity. Once the reaches the velocity, the Jog.#.Accelerating This activates when the reaches its velocity. It when The active throughout The activates the of and the of Jog.#.CommandComplete The Jog.#.CommandComplete when the its It active the initiated If the Stop then the Jog.#.CommandComplete
FM-3 Reference This active while from its velocity. Once the reaches velocity (or its velocity), the Destinations The following found the Assignments the I/O group: Jog.PlusActivate this activated, motion the The velocity which or active or when this deactivated. If the velocity Jog.PlusActivate the to the Jog.MinusActivate this activated, motion the The velocity which or active or when this deactivated. If the velocity Jog.MinusActivate the to the Jog.Select0 This to and the Jog.Select0 active, the velocity the the Jog.0.Velocity. If the Jog.Select0 active, the velocity of the the Jog.1.Velocity. Jog.Select0 On or while and to Below of operation these the below Jog.0.Velocity RPM and Jog.1.Velocity RPM. Jog.PlusActivate Jog.MinusActivate Jog.Select0 Motion RPM On RPM On RPM On On RPM On On RPM On On RPM On On On RPM
Activation Select If the the to the to and then the to to the velocity. The initiated when other motion type or If both input On there motion (they effectively each other). The R, ready. If the with the Jog.PlusActivate active and the Jog.MinusActivate activates, the the as it Jog.PlusActivate deactivated.
FM-3 Reference The (found the the Assignments the operation and the to the If the reaches off the the Jog.PlusActivate to off
The which the precisely with of the The initiated with the Home.#.Initiate Destination or from The displays which and allows to through the and arrows. The first release allows Allows to to the to characters length. Reference This the as the reference. The of three or then the reference the of the to establish the
FM-3 Reference the reference the of the to establish the the reference then the established the first the activates. Selects the the velocity and and the allowed selections. Velocity the velocity the The polarity the motion the and motion the search of the reference. the Units specified the Units Deceleration This the Deceleration the of the If These buttons the reacts the already active when the initiated. off If this the back off the the It this the to that specified the of the velocity. It this the velocity the The then to and to If this then the the that active when the initiated, and the the first to high of the Reference The buttons, the and the The offset as the from the velocity to the the velocity This
to that the to the The specified offset allows the to choose offset from the Reference The commanded motion exactly the offset from the reference as specified. If the specified offset than the offset, the to and then back to its offset This the specified The the If reference found this the to the and the of This the the of the This to such that the of the Feedback and the Commanded to If Feedback to something other than the of then the of the off Reference of and using Reference On On Velocity off of Normal Routine Reference
FM-3 Reference Sources and Destinations Sources This activated when completed. It that the properly. It deactivated the Home.#.Initiate or when the Auxiliary (ALP). Home.AnyCommandComplete This activated when motion completed. If activated the completed, this It when another initiated. Home.#.Accelerating This active while to its velocity. Once the reaches the velocity, the Home.#.Accelerating This the "back off motion the home. This activates when the reaches its velocity. It when activated the "back off of the Home.#.CommandComplete The Home.#.CommandComplete when the its It active the initiated If the then the Home.#.CommandComplete Home.#.CommandInProgress Activated when the initiated and active motion related to the completed. Home.#.Decelerating This active while from its velocity. Once the reaches velocity (or its velocity), the Home.#.Decelerating This the "back off motion the This activated when the reference found the It active the initiated
Destinations Home.#.Initiate The Home.#.Initiate to initiate the function. The initiated the of this function. The initiate there Index, or or the Stop active or active. This to homing to This The when the activated. If the Home.#.Initiate input while the active, choose to the back-off of the initiates the function, or to the If the input that the assigned to, the the of the input active to input. The of the the reference This while the to inputs.
Gearing Gearing Gearing to the motion of the to the motion of the specified This commonly shafting or To the to the ratio specified as relationship follower and The ratio as follows: The ratio as the of follower to the of The the The ratio or and The of the the of the Velocity Units the or with to the This that once activated, to to the specified Therefore, the already motion when activated, the to the to the ratio within when deactivated, the to the to without of Follower Units Gear Ratio Unit
FM-3 Reference and Deceleration the Gearing as (B3 firmware or If the and specified of Follower Units Velocity Acceleration that this Therefore, the that to reach the ratio the when activated. below that the the Velocity, the to reach the If the when gearing initiated, then the follower its ratio instantly required). Gearing Acceleration The GearRatio the (while motion), or to to the If and/or the to the ratio trajectory microseconds).
Initiating Gearing Motion Gearing activated through Assignment, or from instruction (Gear.Initiate). If initiated from assignment, the Gear.Activate This that active as as the to which assigned active. If gearing from the Gear.Stop instruction to the motion. Gearing Motion The to motion the initiated. If initiated Assignment, then deactivating the Gear.Active motion to If gearing initiated from within then the Gear.Stop command to If motion operating (FM-4 only), then the On motion the Gear.Stop instruction.
FM-3 Reference Motion Motion from The MotionStop motion to of what type of motion it or where initiated from. activation of the MotionStop, motion to to the Stop That the MotionStop command that as as active, motion and from MotionStop deactivated, motion motion that with the MotionStop command and when MotionStop The MotionStop command DOES NOT that active when the MotionStop activated to as motion the MotionStop using the of the motion This that motion the and then the wishes to of the motion without Neither the CommandComplete from motion the ProgramComplete they using the MotionStop command. the below, which and then and then activates, and the back to the Index.5.Initiate. While TRUE Index.5.Initiate (Index.AnyCommandComplete OR MotionStop ON) Seconds DriveInput.2 ON MotionStop ON DriveInput.2 OFF MotionStop OFF MotionStop Assignment The MotionStop as initiated from Assignment. MotionStop found the of
Network information the and Profibus please to the FM-3 and FM-4 Connectivity Reference (P/N The to to selecting the the appear the right The right of the displays of the The of that appear the
FM-3 Reference such as Interface (HMI) or PLC to or FM-3 The FM-3 and RTU to or assigned to the To this, the to read/write to or from the the of the Once found the and the the While holding the the the the right of the of the New appear. This the or allow to Once OK, then to or write the that Assignment as follows: Accessibility Read/Write Read/Write highlighting the to and clicking the The selected from the If to of the that created, then the button. of the and the empty. and assigned: and
those that the option, please to the FM-3 and FM-4 Connectivity Reference P/N which found the MME CD. Profibus those that the Profibus option, please to the FM-3 and FM-4 Connectivity Reference P/N which found the MME CD. those that the Ethernet option, please to the FM-3 and FM-4 Connectivity Reference P/N which found the MME CD.
FM-3 Reference
FM-3 Reference selecting the the appear the right The of this the instructions. The right of the the the
FM-3 Reference Following of each of the found the These the as as and troubleshoot functionality. of these only when with the This the to the to of the the This the that to of the that the This allows the to search the the Search Search Down, Match the search. Next This the instance of the searched This allows to the matches to search with the selected This the of which the placed. allow the to sections of the easy to The and Previous to from to the quickly. If this clicked when already the of the
Next This the the of the the Previous This the the previous the the This of the the To the the which to the and the If the and red- to the of with the what the the Red-Dot and then the of with the red-dot to to of the I/O Clicking this the I/O From this the and of text the This to the to type The or =ON or =OFF) the from this This the From this the the
FM-3 Reference This the From this the user they to and the This easily allow to of the the FM-3. The shown the the selected this and the editing. locked, the to the downloading, the to the from To the the This Clicking this initiate the that currently The first to while Where I? Clicking this the of the that currently executed. arrow to the the that when the clicked. The arrow to follow flow. If the currently then the arrow to the top of the or to the of the that stopped. while This the as the Stop found the assignments Clicking o this and motion. If motion, the to the StopDeceleration while This to temporarily the The what the amount of to the To this, the
the of the and then the to while Motion of and that previously You these with other to motion Each motion of with other The to operation. created software and the FM-3. The FM-3 of to motion and of the FM-3 Memory. The amount of Memory that the The of and of directly related to each other. The memory such that each of each. If the of reduced to as as Instruction Flow Instructions If/Then/Endif This instruction to selectively section of If the to the the If/Then and executed. If the to the and the to the of the Endif. (AND, OR, NOT) the If/Then/Endif instruction. Parenthesis to the tests. If DriveInput.1=ON Then Turn On and ON. If (DriveInput.1=ON AND DriveInput.2=OFF) Then Turn On and ON and DriveInput.2 OFF If Then when
FM-3 Reference Jog.0.PlusInitiate Stop when the input OFF to If Then when Jog.0.MinusInitiate when the input OFF to This flow instruction with the If/Then/Endif instruction. If the If/Then to the the If/Then and the executed. If the to the the and the executed. If DriveInput.1=ON Then The following DriveInput.1=ON The following DriveInput.1=OFF If Then velocity ON velocity OFF Count/Next This instruction to section of of Count to Index.1.Initiate seconds Next Count To ON Index.0.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete Turn On seconds
Turn Next While/Loop This instruction repeating of as as To TRUE as the as shown the third below. The tested the If the as the the (AND, OR, NOT) the While/Loop instruction. Parenthesis to the tests. While the three of below as as ON. Index.1.Initiate seconds While AND the three of below as as ON and Index.1.Initiate seconds While (TRUE) the Index.1.Initiate seconds This flow instruction to becomes Once the becomes the with the of (AND, OR, NOT) the instruction. (DriveInput=ON, as as instruction. AND Index.0.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete If Then when Jog.0.PlusInitiate Stop when the input OFF
FM-3 Reference to If Then when Jog.0.MinusInitiate Stop when the input OFF to (MasterAxis.PosnFeedback ON ON This instruction to specified of This instruction motion instruction and while motion instruction Units: Seconds, seconds the instruction which that the of seconds. The with the character. seconds While (TRUE) the Index.1.Initiate Turn ON second, the reaches its velocity seconds Index.AnyCommandComplete This instruction to another the finishes the where it off the that This often when section of the to another and that the of reduced. This the to should to than four to overflow. Therefore, than four should without to the
the below, instruction NO MORE THAN teach This flow instruction to the of the It within the It the of every It that the the of the It commonly of If/Then/Endif to the If DriveInput.1=OFF Then If DriveInput.1=ON Then This instruction to or assignment FM-3 They and the appear and the section the chapter). created them the This instruction created to inform the that ON
FM-3 Reference This when to AND each of and This when to OR each of and The instruction with the GoTo instruction to flow to to specified location within The allowed to or below the GoTo instruction within the It to GoTo of the containing the GoTo instruction, to GoTo/ to of Count/Next of these RedDot The to which of to characters and of character. The with and with character the instruction, the Index.1.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete If (DriveInput.2 ON) Then GoTo to
ON GoTo instruction GoTo The GoTo instruction with the instruction to to to specified location within The allowed to or below the GoTo instruction within the It to GoTo of the containing the GoTo instruction, to GoTo/ to of Count/Next of these RedDot The to which flow character to characters and of character. The with and with character While (TRUE) If (DriveInput.1 ON) Then GoTo to GoTo to If Index.1.Initiate GoTo GoTo If off, Index.2.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete the instruction Motion Instructions This motion instruction to amount of It operates as motion instruction to or other motion instructions the motion instruction completed. Index.AnyCommandComplete motion commands and the completed. The to of and instructions repeatable.
FM-3 Reference The instruction of seconds with of milliseconds seconds). If to the while should instruction below. the instruction which that the of seconds. The with the character. While (TRUE) Index.0.Initiate Seconds While (TRUE) Index.0.Initiate Seconds Index.1.Initiate Seconds This motion instruction to the This typically motion applications. This other motion completed. the the specified passed. The the specified the Units While (TRUE) Index.0.Initiate Inches/MstrInch MstrInch Index.Initiate This instruction to initiate The to include to and to the instruction which shows about the The with the apostrophe character. Index.AnyCommandComplete instruction each This that the completed the to the of It the the and
the following than specified amount. This accomplished the Index.AnyCommandComplete to The the Index.0.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete Index.37.Initiate Index.CompoundInitiate This instruction to initiate which The or the velocity using the The velocity. The then to the It smoothly the without The then to its velocity. compounded to velocity The This accomplished using Index.Initiate rather than Index.CompoundInitiate. The the If the enough to the the the of the as both with and without The instruction (Index.0.Initiate or Index.0.CompoundInitiate), the whether or the Index.0 It initiated the Index.0.Initiate instruction and the Index.0.CompoundInitiate instruction. the instruction which shows about the The with the apostrophe character. Velocity Profile Velocity
FM-3 Reference Velocity Profile Index.0.CompoundInitiate Index.1.CompoundInitiate Index.2.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete ON OFF ON OFF Velocity Profile with Index.0.CompoundInitiate ON immediately Index.0 Index.1.CompoundInitiate ON immediately Index.1 Index.2.Initiate ON immediately Index.2 Index.AnyCommandComplete OFF Index.2s command completed OFF Index.2s completed Turns OFF Index.2s completed Home.Initiate This instruction to initiate the the Home.Initiate instruction which shows about the The with the character. Home.AnyCommandComplete instruction because the actually which already instruction. Home.0.Initiate Velocity Profile ON OFF Velocity Index
This instruction to the the currently operating input to Jog.0.MinusInitiate input to off to While(TRUE) the If Then when Jog.0.PlusInitiateVel=20in/s when the input OFF to If Then when Jog.0.MinusInitiateVel=20in/s when the input OFF to Jog.PlusInitiate This instruction to initiate the The instruction to motion. the Jog.PlusInitiate instruction which shows about the The with the character. Jog.0.PlusInitiate Jog.1.PlusInitiate Jog.MinusInitiate This instruction to initiate the The instruction to motion. the Jog.MinusInitiate instruction which shows about the The with the character. Jog.0.MinusInitiate
FM-3 Reference Jog.1.MinusInitiate Gear Stop Gear Stop motion that initiated from Gear.Initiate DriveInput.2=ON Gear.Stop Gear.Initiate Gear Initiate initiate from Gearing active the Gear.Stop used. Gear.Initiate DriveInput.2=ON Gear.Stop Motion the instruction motion initiate instruction, the (or motion) of the command as the of the motion Whenever motion the the The instruction this automatically or The FM-3 motion based the The allows and repeatable motion with to The that motion the right with to each other. If Index0 seconds to and Index1 seconds to initiating Index0 and then the would these to of seconds to It though, that of Index.1 exactly the Index0 Therefore, the slightly than seconds to Although the amount of than milliseconds), of this the using motion. This motion, motion. If motion then and the follower off with to the to A7 firmware the FM-3 the the If motion initiate within milliseconds from the motion completed, the that the to initiate the motion from the
of the of this, the the motion to the therefore the intact. The or that this If motion initiate commanded within milliseconds of the motion then the and the motion Index.0.Initiate Index0,Incrmntl,Dist=1.5revs Index.1.Initiate Index1,Incrmntl,Dist=3.5revs and or from the three or while offline. The (shown below) to the Clicking the and to the allowing to instructions. The (shown below) from the The highest selected the heading To the branch the hierarchy. From this the to and then the From the Edit/New/Program. and brought to the allowing to instructions.
FM-3 Reference to the the hierarchy, and the to From the The selected from the Right Click to the the hierarchy. the right of the and right-click selection appear allowing to New or Click New and and brought to the allowing to instructions. to the the Select the to and then right-click selection appear allowing to New or Click and the selected from the The FM-3 to when of what type of the to as as of through to this, classified as To to to or while the the the below shows of the
with Checkbox the and motion this reason, to the the to motion If motion instruction while the the that of the the as to These below: Stop Function activated as and from the as other If another which to anytime while the or the stopped.
FM-3 Reference To from ON the user The clear of to to clear the information the to clear the section. the 0.100seconds to the to clear the and the initiating motion. If this the motion initiated the and the instruction and to and Index.2.Initiate Index.1.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete and More Home, input, to second, clear the to the and the input the Home.0.Initiate the At output While (TRUE) the the Clear the At Position output Index.2.Initiate the At Seconds Clear the At output Index.1.Initiate the At
Punch to inches Then fire to the to that the the the the While (TRUE) the Index.0.Initiate the the the the to Product Each (synchronized) to the front of input from and While (TRUE) the Index.0.Initiate Sync,Registration,Offset=0.500, to to head of Index.AnyCommandComplete with Stop Home, when input to the the reached, back to when the input Home.0.Initiate While (TRUE) the Count To to input Index.2.InitiateIncre- Next input Index.1.Initiate
FM-3 Reference within when DriveInput.2 ON and when off. when DriveInput.3 ON and when off. This accomplished using the input functions when there While (TRUE) the If(DriveInput.2=ON) Then when DriveInput.2=ON Jog.0.PlusInitiate DriveInput.2=OFF when DriveIput.2 OFF to If (DriveInput.3=ON) Then when DriveInput.3=ON Jog.0.MinusInitiate DriveInput.3=OFF Stop when DriveInput.3 OFF to Rotary Table with Calibrated Stop the input and then to input The function assigned to to when the completed the and the following than specified amount. Since the to they to the to account mechanical the of would the that the would the shortest the the Home.0.Initiate While (TRUE) the the input Index.2.Initiate Index.3.Initiate Index.1.Initiate Flying Cutoff/Shear Flying or shear to and which every inches of inches
inches PLS.0 to initiate Index.0 every inches. PLS.0 ON inches and OFF inches. PLS.0 of inches. The to the length. The PLS.0 the The PLS the PLS The PLS to connected to the or within the to initiate PLS to fire the knife. The Index PLS connected to the The PLS the The PLS Index.1 ON inches the and OFF inches the Home.0.Initiate the to Turn PLS.0 While (TRUE) the DriveInput.1=ON as input. If ON Then If the PLS already too Too of the the when PLS.0 (every inches). Index.1.Initiate Incremental,Sync,Dist=20.0in,Vel=1.0in/ Index.0.Initiate Index.AnyCommandComplete with Phase The which to another as the software. The first the follower and then input from the the input the follower the If the correctly the follower phase when it to If the follower of phase with the the manually the back phase using and inputs. The the phase of the follower the velocity when the hits of the inputs. Home.0.Initiate follower inches/master inch
FM-3 Reference when Jog.0.PlusInitiate While (TRUE) the If Then Phase when follower inches/master inch follower inches/master inch If Then Phase when follower inches/master inch follower inches/master inch with to the Amount to specified amount of food to the It would to the with OIT-3165 interface as below. While (TRUE) the If Then the input Index.1.InitiateIncremen- Index.AnyCommandComplete Increase the amount once AND Then 0.10ounces to that the incremented once each pressed. If Then AND Then
Decrease the amount once every pressed. If AND Then ounces to that the incremented once each pressed. If Then Short AND Then Learn and This consists of three The first to learn and Learn The the first The third through the learned Learn Home.0.Initiate Index.1.Initiate to Index.AnyCommandComplete allows the to If Then Learn the the Learn input PosnCommand the Command Index.1s the Learn input off the input off Index.2.Initiate to Index.AnyCommandComplete allows the to
FM-3 Reference If Then Learn the the Learn input PosnCommand the Command Index.2s the Learn input off the input off Index.3.Initiate to Index.AnyCommandComplete allows the to If Then Learn the the Learn input PosnCommand the Command Index.3s the Learn input off the input off Subroutine the the Allow the Learn input or the input ON. While AND If Then the input Jog.0.PlusInitiate While If Then Stop when the input off. If Then the input Jog.0.MinusInitiate While If Then
Stop when the input off. Home.0.Initiate While (TRUE) the Index.1.Initiate Turn seconds Index.2.Initiate Turn seconds Index.3.Initiate Turn seconds
FM-3 Reference
FM-3 Reference This section and feedback The alphabetically (shown below the and and Unit The of the and selected Units. This activated when the activated, or completed or found). This deactivated the rebooted, the or re-initiated. Accelerating Accelerating This active when the FM-3 consists of Accelerating, At Velocity, and Decelerating. The Accelerating (active) this of whether the or slowing Therefore, this active when the This when compounding together. AccelType This to the type motion (homes, and The S-Curve offer the smoothest motion, to higher Linear the lowest rates they the least smooth type. S-Curve and S-Curve smoothing the and of the rates the of their The S- Curve smooth than the S-Curve smoother than the S-Curve. S-Curve where They when smooth Linear where of the types: S-Curve: S-Curve: S-Curve: Linear:
FM-3 Reference AccelUnits.Decimal This the location AccelUnits.TimeScale This the selections milliseconds or seconds. At Velocity This active when the FM-3 velocity motion One The the finished to and the to to consists of Accelerating, At Velocity, and Decelerating. This active the At Velocity and activated based the commanded velocity, the feedback velocity. motion, active without This read/write as intermediary the of that the to such as Profibus and Modbus, to that occurred PLC to the FM-3/4 the of the of as This of the of the The The or
This the the location to the the location of the location to or to clear the the location to Brake.Activate This when activated, the This to manually the of the operation. This This to the holding "off" the mechanically the the the front of the The and to capacity, therefore, relay to the BRM-1 used. Release Brake.Release This release the when Brake.Activate this input function active, the function activated. This as override.This Clear Following ClearFollowingError Clear Following found the Position the Assignments this activated, following that Following cleared the commanded to the feedback following The FM the Clear Following as as Following Commanding Motion CommandingMotion This activates when
FM-3 Reference Decelerating Decelerating This active when the FM-3 consists of Accelerating, At Velocity, and Decelerating. Decelerating follows the and the At Velocity to motion only the This to the Commanded to the specified the On the of this input function the to the and the function activated. The to the to the the On the of the function the Commanded to the and the activated. Characteristic DistUnits.CharacteristicDist This the the when the the characteristic This with the DistUnits.CharacteristicLength to establish the relationship and the section the Units the chapter. Characteristic DistUnits.CharacteristicLength This the the whole of to characteristic of This with the DistUnits.CharacteristicDist to establish the relationship and the section the Units the
DistUnits.Decimal This to the of the DistUnits.CharacteristicDist. high of positioning the The of this the of throughout the software. You from to of accuracy. Units This text which as the the It to characters length. This should to the the operation. This the amount of that the EN that the RMS EN-208 and EN- Feedback DriveAnalogOutput.#.Feedback the from of the found the the front of the or the DriveEnableStatus This active when the Debounced DriveInput.#.Debounced This the of the input the account.
FM-3 Reference Debounce DriveInput.#.DebounceTime The Debounce the input steady to the FM-3. This electrically Force DriveInput.#.Force forced On or This the to which the input forced when the ForceEnable activated. Force DriveInput.#.ForceEnable If DriveInput.#.ForceEnable activated, then the of the DriveInput.#.Force the input DriveInput.#.Name This text to characters that assigned to input. It allows the to terminology inputs. DriveInput.#.Raw This displays the of the input without or forcing to the DriveInput.#.Status This the of the input and forcing account. Force DriveOutput.#.Force forced On or with this If the ForceEnable activated, the DriveOutput.#.State to this
Force DriveOutput.#.ForceEnable If DriveOutput.#.ForceEnable activated, then the of the DriveOutput.#.Force the DriveOutput.#.Name This text to characters that assigned to It allows the to terminology State This the of Scaling DriveOutputEncoder.Scaling This allows of the of Allowable from to the of the the If the than the the to the Scaling DriveOutputEncoder.ScalingEnable this the of the DriveSerialNumber This displays the of the to which the FM-3 attached. This which of the Following of and their associated numbers:
FM-3 Reference DC High DC internal trajectory RMS other used. these locations the active, and inactive. OK Active when there Inactivated when this this This which of the Following of and their associated numbers: NVM following
other used. these locations the active, and inactive. that This with the the Active The specified active. the information and recovery from them. Counts Fault.#.Counts The the of the manufactured. FeedforwardsEnable This the or through and the of the and Friction If the than the the overshoot If the than the following reduced If the Friction than the friction, velocity or instability. If the Friction than the friction, velocity reduced, this activated the to the specified the FeedholdDecelTime deactivated the back to the the amount of It to motion without the If activated the
FM-3 Reference to the velocity command the velocity the activated. the deactivated back and the to its or affects homes, and affected the initiated from This Deceleration FeedholdDecelTime activated the to the specified the FeedholdDecelTime While the active, the motion FeedRate Deactivate FeedRateDeactivate This allows the to the Deactivate FeedRate and or motion its velocity. FeedRate Deactivate FeedRate and and motion to the FeedRate The FeedRate when motion velocity. FeedRate This to motion. It as The of allow motion to of that motion as as of that motion as as would active, and this or the immediately. Active FoldbackActive This function) active when the If the RMS of the the the to the to of the
RMS This read-only the thermal heating and cooling of the this reaches activated. Following FollowingError Following displays the the Command and the Feedback. Following FollowingErrorEnable This from the or from following the of the Following the Following Following FollowingErrorLimit This when the FollowingErrorEnable This to the of the FollowingError. If the FollowingError than the FollowingErrorLimit, following Friction Friction This characterized of the of friction increase RPM. If estimated, than or to If the friction completely unknown, of should used. typical than Gear This the of the Follower Units/Velocity Base/Acceleration The functions when the follower its to the the specified Gear.Ratio.
FM-3 Reference Gear Gear.AccelEnable Gear.AccelEnable Destination that when allows to the Gear Accelerating Gear.Accelerating If Gear.AccelEnable activated, this activated the Gear.Initate On and On. Gear Gear.Activate The Gear.Activate to from It function, which that as as Gear.Activate active, gearing deactivated, motion to without This function only through the assignments from the Gear.Initiate instruction used. Gear Velocity The that the the early releases of and with this active when active. Gear Command Complete Gear.CommandComplete This when and active the initiated Gearing this immediately Gear.Activate deactivated. Gear Command Gear.CommandInProgrees This when Gearing initiated from or through assignment. The active as as operation. This active the motion as as active.
Gear Gear.Decel This the of the Gear.Decel Follower Units/Velocity Base/Acceleration The Gear.Decel when the follower its the function turned off. Gear Gear.DecelEnable Gear.DecelEnable Destination that when allows to specified the turned off. Gear Decelerating Gear.Decelerating If Gear.DecelEnable activated, this activated the Gear.Initate and Gear.CommandComplete On. Gear Recovery Gear.RecoveryDist This the the follower from the This measured Gear Initiate and the Gear At Velocity. Command Complete Home.AnyCommandComplete This active when motion command completed, activated the completed the function activated. Inactivated when command executed. This the the specified the Units
FM-3 Reference Home.#.Accelerating Active while the specified Accelerating off and based the type of selected. the back off motion. At Velocity Home.#.AtVel This activated when the velocity reached when the specified It and the At Velocity activated back off of the Home.#.CalculatedOffset The offset the the from the velocity to Command Complete Home.#.CommandComplete This active when the specified completed, activated the completed the function or the activated. Inactive when executed. Command Home.#.CommandInProgress This activated when the initiated and active motion related to the completed. Deceleration The Deceleration the specified user
Decelerating Home.#.Decelerating This active while the specified Decelerating off and based the type of selected. Decelerating the back off motion. of This the the of Typically to the Initiate Home.#.Initiate activated, this initiate the specified initiate or currently active. This the If reference found the to the and the Home.#.LimitDistEnable This the specified If the indefinitely the reference found. This activated when the found the Home.#.Name the specified
FM-3 Reference Selects or specified offset the the from the velocity. The specified offset allows the to choose offset from the Reference. If On Home.#.OnSensorAction If the input active when the initiated, this the of motion. selections If off selected, the the of the the clear and then the If to selected, the the commanded the of the If using to or this off to Reference Home.#.Reference This the reference The of three then the reference the of the input function to establish the reference the reference the of the to establish the reference the reference then the reference established the first the input function active. This usually input as reference the This the or and Home.#.SpecifiedOffset The specified offset allows the to specify offset to the Reference. The commanded motion exactly the offset from the or the as specified.
Home.#.TimeBase The selects which allows and to based or which allows synchronization Velocity This the velocity of the home. The the motion the and motion the search of the Command Complete Index.AnyCommandComplete This active when motion completed. If activated the completed, this Deactivated when initiated. Index.ProfileLimited the Velocity, and Deceleration such that the covered the specified the Index.ProfileLimited when the initiated. The Index.ProfileLimited active cleared using the Index.ResetProfileLimited assignment or instruction. this the the other the using the and cover the specified the specified Profile Index.ResetProfileLimited If completed the specified the Index.ProfileLimited Index.ResetProfileLimited to clear the ProfileLimited and acknowledge that the completed the specified This activated through assignment, or through user This function holding Profile active ProfileLimited from activating.
FM-3 Reference This the Acceleration the Units specified the Units the software. Index.#.Accelerating This active while to its velocity. Once the reaches the velocity, or to the Index.#.Accelerating Index.#.AnalogLimitType Select the Command) to to the Satisfying the the This to the selected to the At Velocity This activates when the velocity reached. If or activated AtVelocity active. the of or this active without motion the Command Complete Index.#.CommandComplete The Index.#.CommandComplete when the its It active the initiated If the Stop Index, then the Index.#.CommandComplete
Command Index.#.CommandInProgress The Index.#.CommandInProgress active throughout The activates the of the and the of the Compound Initiate Index.#.CompoundInitiate activated initiate the specified to the the Deceleration Index.#.Decel This the Deceleration the Units specified the Units Decelerating Index.#.Decelerating This active while from its velocity. Once the reaches velocity, or its velocity, the Index.#.Decelerating This the that the or the the specified If type of selected, then this or the the Index#.IndexTime This with the Index.TimeIndexEnable If TimeIndexEnable activated, then this the which should its The this the of the the If to then the Seconds. The the with Seconds (or milliseconds). If to the the Units found the
FM-3 Reference Initiate Index.#.Initiate The Index.#.Initiate to initiate the The initiated the of this function. initiated there Home, or or the or active. It activated from assignment or from This activated when the found the If the the activated the to The of to characters. PLS Index.#.PLSEnable Activated, this the PLS switch) function the specified It from or from PLS Index.#.PLSOffDist This from the of the to the PLS off This and relative to of this this active the from the of the than the and than the PLS On This from the of the to the PLS On This and to of this this Index.#.PLSStatus active the from the of the greater than the and than the
PLS Index.#.PLSStatus the and this to the commanded the of the Index.#.PLSStatus active the from the of the than the Index.#.PLSOnDist and than the Index.#.RegistrationOffset This the the or detected. Index.#.RegistrationType This selects or as the Index.#.RegistrationWindowEnable This checked) the active, that the as Index.#.RegistrationWindowEnd This the of the to of this This and to of this this The than or to the and than the If of this the and then Index.#.RegistrationWindowStart This the of the to of this This and relative only to of this this The than or to the and than the If of this the and then
FM-3 Reference If to selected, when this activates, and as the type Index.#.TimeBase The selects which allows and to based or which allows synchronization Index Index Index.#.TimedIndexEnable This with the Index.#.IndexTime If Index.#.TimedIndexEnable active, then the Velocity, Acceleration, and Deceleration as and the Index to Velocity This the velocity of the The this specified the Units initiated, to this velocity the specified and to the compounded). Ratio InertiaRatio This the to of that the the of the Initially Active InitiallyActive This when assigned to the or FM-3 InitiallyActive assigned to that motion homes,
This activates when commanded velocity and the of the following than the least the amount of specified the This the amount of that commanded motion and the of the following than the the to The of the following than this the of the Command Complete Jog.AnyCommandComplete The Jog.AnyCommandComplete when or its and reaches commanded It when another initiated. Jog.MinusActivate This to initiate motion the the of the selected the input function. as as the active. The to when the deactivated. This Jog.PlusActivate This to initiate motion the the of the selected the input function. as as the active. The to when the deactivated. This
FM-3 Reference Select Jog.Select0 This to the It with the Jog.PlusActivate and Jog.MinusActivate If the Jog.Select0 active then the If the Jog.Select0 input function active, the If the Jog.Select motion the smoothly from the selected velocity to the velocity the specified This This to motion. motion initiated the Jog.#.MinusActivate or Jog.#.PlusActivate instructions, and the the to to the the that active. Jog.#.Accel This the the Jog.#.Accelerating This active while to its velocity. Once the reaches the velocity, the off. At Velocity This activates when the reached its velocity. It when or to another velocity. Command Complete Jog.#.CommandComplete The Jog.#.CommandComplete activates when the its and reaches commanded It when the initiated
Command The Jog.#.CommandInProgress high throughout The high the of and off the of Deceleration This the the Decelerating This the of and off the of the Initiate Jog.#.MinusInitiate This to initiate this active, motion initiated the the specified velocity. Initiate Jog.#.PlusInitiate This to initiate this active, motion initiated the the velocity. The selects which allows and to based or which allows synchronization Velocity This the velocity with the Jog.PlusActivate and Jog.MinusActivate or the Jog.#.PlusInitiate and Jog.#.MinusInitiate The this specified the Units
FM-3 Reference (EN ONLY) This to internal There or VAC. of VAC should the otherwise to the EN The VAC. this FM and Modbus.ModbusId ID this FM and Debounced ModuleInput.#.Debounced This the of the input the account. The the input to the FM-3. This electrically Force forced On or This the to which the input forced when the ForceEnable activated. Force If (or On), then the of the the input
This text to characters that assigned to input. It allows the to inputs. This the of the input without or forcing to the This the of the input and forcing account. Force output forced On or If the ForceEnable activated, the to this Force If activated, then the of the the assigned to the State This the of This the FM-3
FM-3 Reference Motion MotionStop This to motion operating without MotionStop activated through assignment, or This function that as as MotionStop active, motion If motion the that of the MotionStop function deactivated. If motion when MotionStop activated, the to velocity the specified the motion of the MotorType This to the type. this FM-3 to characters. This to PLS Direction PLS.#.Direction This the of motion that PLS function. If to Both, the PLS of whether the the or If to the PLS when the the If to the PLS when the the or shear this to the PLS to fire the when the the PLS active when the selected the and the PLS.#.OffPosn. The On and that the PLS.#.Direction to "Both". the and the feedback reaches the the the the the when feedback reaches or the If to the the when feedback reaches the and when the The thing to that the active the PLS On and
If using the and the should the and the least should the If the PLS and the than the the PLS active whenever the the On and and inactive whenever the the the turn reaches the the first PLS On active when the selected the and the PLS.#.OffPosn. The terms On and the that the PLS.#.Direction to "Both". the and the feedback reaches the the the the the when feedback reaches or the If to the the when feedback reaches the and when the The thing to that the active the PLS On and If and the should the and the least should the If the PLS and the than the the PLS active whenever the the On and and inactive whenever the the the reaches the the first PLS This to PLS. PLS though the Assignments FM3 or from If the PLS to function as as the or activated. active activated) using PLS PLS PLS.#.RotaryRolloverEnable This to the RotaryRolloverPosn the PLS.
FM-3 Reference PLS PLS.#.RotaryRolloverPosn This the of the first this PLS. the PLS to every this passed. The repeating of and the RotaryRolloverPosn. PLS with of and of If the RotaryRolloverPosition to the PLS would off off off and repeating every PLS Source PLS.#.Source assigned to three MotorPosnFeedback, MotorPosnCommand, or MasterPosnFeedback. This which the PLS to reference its and to its PLS This active when the of the PLS or greater than or to the and than the Direction PositiveDirection This to which of rotation motion the Select from CW or CCW. Command PosnCommand to the EN the FM-3. This following account. PosnFeedback and FollowingError. Units This to the
which to the to or to following The user this the This the in-position following The milliseconds and to the following to of the the actually the than the specified with to the Feedback PosnFeedback Feedback the PosnCommand the PosnFeedback the FollowingError Position Feedback Counts PosnFeedbackInCounts counts This reflects the feedback of the and It to the of the where positioning required. PowerStageEnabled This function) active when the PowerUpCount PowerUpCount of the manufactured. Units
FM-3 Reference PowerUpTimeTotal PowerUpTimeTotal the manufactured. Units hours. Complete Program.AnyComplete This activated when normally. If to or the this Deactivates when initiated. Initiate activated, this initiates the specified or already or active. This character which the assign to It allows the to to ease of Complete This activated when normally. If the to or the this Deactivates when the initiated The the velocity with of to affects the to commands, and velocity to with (the Rotary RotaryRolloverEnable This with length. One with of The to
when the to and The to exactly the as Selector Destinations Selector.SelectLinesUsed The to This selects the of (input to the selector. The of the of that the selector; that input input to Select Selector.#.Select This selects to the selector, assigned to input This Selection Selector.#.Selection This selects from the selector, assigned to or Initiate Selector.SelectorInitiate this activated, the the of Selector.Select to which Selector.Selection to ShuntActive ShuntActive This active when the active (conducting This the thermal heating and cooling of the internal This the of capacity and based the Heat RMS this reaches the RMS This to the EN-208 and EN-214.
FM-3 Reference Software SoftwareTravelLimitEnable Software to They often the to of protection from exceeding the The SoftwareTravelLimitMinusActive function) active when the SoftwareTravelLimitMinusPosn reached or exceeded. Motion the whenever or software or exceeded. Software active active. Software SoftwareTravelLimitMinusActive The SoftwareTravelLimitMinusActive active when the SoftwareTravelLimitMinusPosn reached or exceeded. Motion to the Software active and active. Software SoftwareTravelLimitMinusPosn The SoftwareTravelLimitMinusActive when the SoftwareTravelLimitMinusPosn reached or exceeded. Motion to using the Software active and active. Software Active SoftwareTravelLimitPlusActive The SoftwareTravelLimitPlusActive active when the SoftwareTravelLimitPlusPosn reached or exceeded. Motion to using the Software active and active. Software SoftwareTravelLimitPlusPosn The SoftwareTravelLimitPlusActive active when the SoftwareTravelLimitPlusPosn reached or exceeded. Motion the whenever or software or exceeded. Software active and active.
This to to (when the FM-3 or rebooted). This typically to initiate or to initiate that or when the FM-3 and active. as as seconds to what the assigned the to to the function. If the the initiate or motion. The active the FM-3 Stop Stop this to motion and If activated when Index, or they to the Stop Stop active, Home, and initiate deactivated, and active input (Jog.0.PlusActivate, Jog.0.MinusActivate, become the Jog.PlusActivate input function active when the Stop input function deactivated, the motion initiate the found the This Stop Deceleration StopDecel Deceleration when the activated. Command This the The the the active) or Command This the commanded to the This the the the or the
FM-3 Reference This to the If the of the than or to the the activated. This specified Units. Active This to that the of the than or to the This the to which the when the input function active. Active Active when the than the and the input function active. Deceleration This the to the to when activated from the Assignments or through It to temporarily the of the FM-3 activated, the FM-3 or software) If the when the they already This typically when of its switches as switch. The the then to the switch, and then the
This to the This This to the It should assigned to the activated the to using the the This Active This active when the active. this active motion allowd the only. This to the It should assigned to the activated the to the the This Active This active when the active. this active motion allowd the only. This the location Units The specify of to characters.
FM-3 Reference Continuous This the of factor. This amount of that to the This the of the factor. This amount of Units that to of PercentContinuousCurrent of factor). This factor to or to user This the of of that this user and the of assigning the of to that the and the the of This the of user the of the off. the as assigning the of to that the and the the of Velocity Command The Velocity Command the velocity that the FM-3 commanding the to This command the velocity It displayed user Velocity Feedback This the feedback (or velocity. It the velocity, which the
VelocityUnits.Decimal This to the of velocity high of velocity the velocity. This and The of this the of velocity throughout the software. Scaling VelocityUnits.DistVelScale Velocity to from inches and velocity instead of inches To this, to foot to inches velocity to only. Units VelocityUnits.Name If the the velocity to than the to characters, inches and velocity Scaling VelocityUnits.ScalingFlag This velocity and user and VelocityUnits.TimeScale Velocity to or throughout the software.
FM-3 Reference
FM-3 Reference Notes You to follow such as grounding, correctly fused and effective Emergency which immediately the of malfunction. the Considerations section information. Mechanical The FM-3 and the when its attached to If FM-3 from to another, the and locking and to the FM-3 to EN the FM-3 and the EN accomplished with the located the of the FM-3 Attaching the FM-3 to EN or the FM-3 when to the It
FM-3 Reference the FM-3 from the or the FM-3 when to the It and property The RTU with The interface and PLCs. Motion Interface with Gently the FM from the motion to the Press the located the top of the FM. the FM each of the LCD. the top of the FM from the the clears the the FM of the and from the Specifications Stop Parity
Software software who to options and information the The software to commonly PC Required: Microsoft Microsoft NT (service Microsoft XP and and Microsoft CD-ROM Microsoft or Recommended: MB or RAM MB or NT and and 64MB or XP. to MB of installation; MB installation. Optional: Windows-compatible and and off protection software to conflicts. If another of and to overwrite that the To overwriting or created, them You Microsoft Microsoft NT Microsoft or Microsoft XP to this software. the CD the CD-ROM The CD should to the software where the found. If the
FM-3 Reference to to the CDROM and the HELP.TXT information. prompted, the software to following the instructions The automatically: Creates the directory Techniques\PowerTools Creates the PRO directory. To the NT and XP, to to the which appears the of the information. If You with If while software, Technical hour Starting and Exiting the Software Click the the the of the Click the selection. The appears. Click the Click the Click the
New To or from the and then New. You the New the The New appear prompting the user to FM-3 or FM-3DN New If the (FM-3 front then FM-3 If the (FM-3DN front then FM-3DN If the (FM- 3PB front then FM-3PB If the Ethernet (FM-3E front then FM-3E This which the FM-3 Exiting the Software from the then If the the shortcut X. If displays whether to Click the or to or the to without Accessing and This that and to the of each or Also, index-based There the to search the Lastly, displays and reference information. It information that appear this To of the following: Press F1. Choose from the
FM-3 Reference Click the or Click the the Click the the and then the field the
FM-3 Reference The information the and functions of the FM-3. The cover only the to FM-3 with New To the New the of the or from the as shown This offline allowing to FM-3 The offline the and the to the FM-3. The FM-3 software areas. The the which acts as the expanded to with to the of them To the the and the The then expands to the To the expanded group, the located to the of the heading.
FM-3 Reference To of the the the The then highlighted, and the right of the that shows the selected. On this the following other Select, from the the type of to which the FM-3 attached. Select, from the the type of this EN EN Select, from the the (115VAC or 230VAC). the this the to that only. Please the to that these correct.
Units which of the should to motion and them this shows the the expanded with the Units selected. Units the the the Units The to easily through the field, the to to the The as follows: Units the character to the of the to throughout the software PLS On/Off the to increase or the of Units Scaling the of Units the each of the You the and the this factor. Units and trajectory
FM-3 Reference of internal the FM-3/4, combinations or trajectory The velocity the the section of the Units and Unit the such that the the than the allowed the chosen the of allowed the to background. If to the FM-3/4 with background the Unit the trajectory this velocity. To this from and/or the characteristic of to than was. The background indicating when the based the counts Units this to motion. The this the To following and software the following the Group:
Following This (when checked) and the following If checked, following whenever following the the If following Following If Following or this Following Software This (when and the software If the software active the Source active. information please Software information the section of the Reference Software and If the feedback these when or the to the the Velocity This the velocity. If factor, this the of You the to the encountered.
FM-3 Reference The Software or encountered. The of the the Units the group. If and the this to without If and the mismatch, the the and velocity
Ratio This the ratio the reflected of the and the of the the the section of this PLS this to Switches (PLS), them. They assigned the as the Assignments of this Assignments The Assignments found expanding the I/O the hierarchy. The Assignments the operates. Sources, located the of the functions or that based activity. Destinations, located the right of the functions that to or activated Initiate, Initiate, The initiating three three inputs. Therefore, the to assigned to the Initiate To assignment, the to to and the While holding the the where to assign this and release the The
FM-3 Reference To and the should then the assignment that shows these assignments Assignments Notice that associated to each input Each input This 12-character allows assigned to input This the to follow. This the input the This electrically The this seconds, with of seconds. The shows assignments that to the of Destinations the assignment Assignments to this the as assignments to the assignments the
to each the to that This 12-character allows assignment to This the to follow. Motion that of the assignments the and To this, to the Motion the The allow to Select the or to the shows Once the the and to the to the The following this and This 12-character that allows to to Velocity the velocity the If the Jog.Select0 inactive, the velocity the velocity, Jog.Select0 active, then velocity used. Acceleration the when to the velocity.
FM-3 Reference Deceleration the when to or to the velocity. Next, the from the shows the and its associated Reference what as the reference. The options the or both. If selected, the its velocity the activated. Velocity the velocity the The this velocity, the reference and then If the overshoots the initiated. Other functions motion. Acceleration the to to the velocity.
Deceleration the to from the velocity to velocity the of the selecting specified the velocity the reference detected, then to The the to the precisely the specified offset the reference detected. to to immediately detecting the reference, the the the without reference If the this without reference, to exactly this and the If the the without reference Next, Select of the from the shows Index0.
FM-3 Reference Indexes the following 12-character that to Index Selects the type of from the the to with to the reference This motion or of the with to the reference that the from the of the
Position/Distance If using this the the If using then this the the to from the of the This Velocity This the velocity of the The velocity and than Direction of the the velocity, the the when to the velocity. Deceleration the when to or to the velocity. Index
FM-3 Reference that of the motion the and initiated through assignments to that the assignment Creating that the assignments and motion ready to the To this, the the and shows the and the instructions. The the of the allows selection from of Flow and Motion instructions. To instruction the the assignments. the instruction to the and While the the and release the
To the of the the Hide/Show the shows this clicking the once, the allowing To the the Clicking the showing and the The Hide/Show the software, of the and the Assignments (Expanded) the instruction, which shows about the Notice with the apostrophe character. Index.AnyCommandComplete instruction each Index.Initiate. This that the completed the to the of Once of the instructions
FM-3 Reference the and ready to to the the and the Once the the and initiate
Application to the to this the The the screw the The these Indexes (Initiated through Assignments or through (to Software Following Several this and therefore and information the to the Units Units This of the The that Inch shows the the expanded with the Units selected. The as follows: Units the character to such as this the of the to throughout the software The Software Prox
FM-3 Reference selects three allowing of the buttons. Units Scaling the of Units the each of the You the and the this factor, this the of the The wishes to the Following to or and the Software of and To following and software the following the Group: Following this checkbox. Following The of Inches. Software this checkbox. Software and If the feedback these when or the to the the This of and as
Assignments this process, three assignments The to when each Therefore, Complete assigned to the shows this process. Assignments The shows of the assignments that to the of Sources. assignments the the should
FM-3 Reference Notice that associated to each input Each input to input The following each input The shows assignments that to the of Destinations the assignment Assignments to this the as assignments to the assignments the the
The of the following Reference The to therefore, selected as the reference. of this selection, the its velocity the activated. shows the assigned to Velocity The this velocity, the reference and then If the overshoots the initiated. Other motion. The Velocity of inches/min. the to to the velocity. The of inches/min/sec. Index The and Index. Select of the from the shows Index0. Index Indexes and both type and the following Index 12-character that to the type of from the Index0 as type of This the to with to the reference This motion or of the with to the reference that the the the of the of the of the of and Index of Velocity the velocity of the The velocity and than Direction of the the velocity, the Velocity of the the inches/min. the when to the velocity. Deceleration the when to or to the velocity. The following Index2: Index 12-character that to
FM-3 Reference Select the type of from the Index2 as type of This that the from the of the The that the the from the The of this of the The of C to inches. Velocity the velocity of the The velocity and than Direction of the the velocity, the the when to the velocity. Deceleration the when to or to the velocity.
that of the motion the and initiated through assignments to that the assignment to which input to which This that the initiated from assignments, as as from created the below. initiating the DriveInput.1 activated, then three with each, and then back to the top of the The continuously, or the Stop activated.
FM-3 Reference The the following instructions: While This instruction to of as as The the If the as then the the If the as then the the reaching the instruction, the flow to the While instruction, and the The of TRUE, which as Therefore the continuously. This instruction the becomes Once the with the of The DriveInput.1 that the DriveInput.1 activated, then Index.Initiate This instruction to initiate this instruction, Selection appear allowing to the to This selection shown Selection The initiated using DriveInput.4 The and the ready to downloaded.
FM-3 Reference The closed to the and velocity of the attached These and velocity and the associated when the velocity or and when the closed using user-specified and (PID) which to The of these with the and the The usually unknown the of the process. The the the this the and The user-specified The to with to to mismatch. with this performance which attainable with the factory these of specified which the internal to the performance. The include Ratio, Friction, and the that or of PID The of the algorithm that there and as with user-specified PID PID to to where the of the the PID The that the to instability. The algorithm of internally that the of effects This of the and the performance the You to the and three to the and the Once the the and The these and information to the internal These the to repeatable and Procedures
FM-3 Reference Procedure Once the completed, the to the of the There basically four of Intermediate Each slightly than the previous to information. If optimization, that with the then further based performance. The that FM-3 software or FM-P. Initial the as follows: Ratio Friction High Performance If Ratio greater than the directly to the Intermediate where the the or to the performance. Intermediate or the It to the
the the Ratio the to the VAC). other the the and the to the performance. the the the to the VAC). the and the to the performance. The normally the when performance the should with higher and higher with mismatch. If torsional such as with type coupling with or there the should decreased. The highest recommended with High Performance Also, the the of torsionally loads. such the usually allows higher The the of the the performance when them, the Ratio and Friction of the the performance actually or the the of or friction operation. Procedures
FM-3 Reference Ratio Ratio the to ratio and of to of that the to The to with the Ratio of of reduced. The Ratio to the internal the velocity and including To the Ratio the reflected to the the of the Include the as where The should as the Ratio RLI MRI Where: IR Ratio RLI Reflected (lb-in-sec MI If the unknown, should used. If higher than the the to If than the and of the the to than satisfactorily. If the than of the the Friction the this friction characterized terms of the of friction increase RPM. The to of of the The Friction or measured. If estimated, than or to If the friction completely unknown, of should used. typical would than If the higher than the If the than the operation.
The the velocity and with of to affects the to commands, and velocity The of greatly influenced the of the High Performance With High Performance the of the to the this the correction Increasing the reduce the to velocity command the to or High Performance the to the this reflects both the velocity command and the correction Increasing the when the High Performance increase With High Performance the recommended If the Ratio and Friction exactly and the High Performance the the of overshoot and of ringout to velocity command or corrections their The should as the to ratio increases or High Performance that commands based the commanded velocity, and the known Ratio and Friction). the reduces velocity steady and reduces overshoot This the to to commands. should the performance from the them reduces the of the and the and/or friction of the greatly operation or the Ratio or Friction correct. The internal velocity and using the Ratio and Friction The from the Ratio and the velocity from the Friction the of the Ratio and Friction If the Ratio than the the would velocity overshoot If the than the velocity reduced If the Friction than the friction, velocity or instability. If the Procedures
FM-3 Reference Friction than the friction, velocity reduced operating however, there which they function. These the below. Active Velocity Preset Velocity Pulse/Position Summation The reduce to mechanical coupling and other the the velocity the to the of the velocity command the The the cut-off this of The (EN Only) the and the internal to This choices VAC and VAC. If the to VAC when the VAC, the slightly to commands and The to VAC the actually VAC. This and property performance to the the This section the which those If which throughout the such as the both to the FF FF
Initial the outlined this section, the and to If than mismatch, the If the than the following High Performance Friction This friction that increases proportionally as velocity increases. The friction of reading the of to the the following the Friction: The readings usually obtained higher than RPM necessary. If helpful to to the from exceeding the as shown. the below, the Command and Velocity Feedback measured using the software or FM-P. With the readings while the with to the and velocity If friction with operating this operating Procedure Friction: the the least RPM). While the Command (TCL). Friction Ratio to Ratio Procedures
FM-3 Reference If the friction of when operating speed, to or that as the rotates, the lowest measured. velocity least the While the Command (TCH). the following to the friction: (T FV Where: CH Command higher CL Command RPM Higher RPM (velocity) RPM RPM (velocity) FV Friction The below shows the relationship of Command to the Velocity Feedback. There increased the the velocity of the and (Td) the Velocity with Ratio Ratio and the with known while the required. CL CH RPM RPM
the following the If allows of motion without interference, recommended that Preset Velocity to If of motion, recommended that to the and to exceeding the of motion. The and should enough to least of The higher the the the the With that than to the with to the Feedback. With that or to the Command the of or with the Watch To the both and The allows to the friction of the If throughout the such as the both to the The Command and Velocity Feedback measured the software or FM-P. with and of and velocity. Procedure: The to of to of the and the the Command and the below to the or counterbalanced the following Td)) (R IR Where: Procedures
FM-3 Reference IR Ratio Td from Table below the following (R IR Where: IR Ratio from the below while the force) while the force) while the force) while the force) Units Conversion If using to motion to the as below. The this when the information the Conversion MPK (RPSS Where: MPK RPSS
NT-320 MG-205 MG-208 MG-316 NT-320 NT-330 NT-345 NT-355 MG-316 MG-340 MG-455 NT-345 NT-355 MG-455 MG-490 MG-4120 NT-207 NT-212 MG-205 MG-208 NT-207 NT-212 MG-205 MG-208 MG-316 NT-320 NT-330 NT-345 Scaled Command EN-204 EN-208 EN-214 Procedures RPM Scaled Velocity Command
FM-3 Reference
FM-3 Reference The the front of the shows FM-3 and the the the The the FM-3 information. The On when the and the input active. This that the ready to and motion motion. Motion commands motion Ready (R) and the On. Indication FM-3 and Troubleshooting The FM-3 and functioning Ready normally and ready to motion command. mechanically This character only appear the function assigned to output section of function. RMS to to of Ready to input. Homing
FM-3 Reference Indication FM-3 Indexing Decelerating from Stop of and incorporated to the such as high DC and or with the the front of the or the input function. Other such as the then On. The tracks there DC where the the to the the interrupted. The cleared when the The below the from highest to lowest. This that active, only the higher displayed. Action to Bridge FM-3 the or Watchdog Watch Deceleration the Stop function activated. The displayed while and the back to completing the
Action to Bridge FM-3 or NVM NVM or Conf or or High DC High DC or DC State State HW or or RMS RMS ShuntPowr or and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Reference Action to Bridge FM-3 or Following Following Normally "On" FM-3 This that the firmware the item from to the memory. If this would F/ process). The that the operating normally. If the firmware to this the and cleared and This that the This with the or NVM At the the of the memory. This the of the memory
FM-3 the the when the FM-3 the information about the The FM this its and known the the FM matches the and to which the FM attached. This when FM from and the powered-up. To the or with the and selections and the to the FM or If that the the FM or matches the and the seconds the cleared). and property to the or both the cleared the when the the FM match the and This when over-current or of supply This the of to ground, the or the of switching It the input and "On" High DC This whenever the the DC VDC. The of this would high AC or that (that with DC This whenever the the DC below The of this reduction (or of AC with this to caused and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Reference State and and the to This the of feedback caused shielding. If of the The or This when the thermal switch to or incorrect RMS This when RMS greater than the rating of the internal This when the the Velocity This with software. Following This when the following the following following With the Following the This caused when the or input function active. "On" This of the It than second. If this service
FM-3 FM-3 to and FM-3 and and the to This usually the of feedback caused shielding or HW If of the The or This when over-current or of supply This the of to ground, the or the of switching This whenever the the DC below The of this reduction (or of AC with this to caused This whenever the the DC VDC. The of this would high AC or that (that with and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Reference This when memory If the FM-4 This when the from the FM-3 that the and This when the with the FM-3. This caused that too or or heavy the functions to Watchdg The that the operating normally. If the firmware to this every the inputs and cleared and This when the the Velocity This with software. Inv The FM this its and known the the FM matches the and to which the FM attached. This when FM from and the To the or with the and selections and the to the FM or If that the the FM or matches the and the seconds the cleared). This when RMS than the rating of the internal
Tmp This when the thermal switch to or incorrect This when the thermal switch to the and Inv Inv NVM At the the of the memory. This the of the memory On This when the following the following following With the Following the This when the input function active. This caused when the input function active. This FM-3 user the to or overflows and caused that too or existing and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Reference This that to the FM-3 To clear the to the FM-3 Tmout time-out when FM-3DN or other the of information that expecting. time-out received causing buss-off This when the FM-3DN time-outs This forces buss-off that the FM-3DN. Buss-offs caused or with the This when the the as another the or downloaded to the FM-3DN. The which or These to as and They from the the or from the located the front of the Source: Velocity Feedback Command Source Velocity Feedback Command Velocity Feedback RPM
Command of Velocity Feedback Command of and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Reference The DGNE to with or The wires to shorting to each other. shorted to GND, the the protected. EN GND RESET SERIAL SERIAL COMMAND COMMAND RESET SERIAL J4 SERIAL J4 COMMAND J5 COMMAND J5 VDC J6 OUTPUT INPUT VDC J6 OUTPUT INPUT MDS
(DGNE) and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Reference The Active displayed whenever There options this and Active when the cleared. Others to or the to rebooted to cleared. If to the software without the the To that with the the the Detected or the the front of the where the occurred. Active To active the from the The the as Active the To the or the from the This the attached to the active to to These the and offer
The below appear the the of might when with software with the displayed, the and Assign to assigning the of to Boolean that such as On or the FM3 there three that Boolean They Boolean and They Boolean and to assign their Boolean to another or such as become Boolean FM3 text to Boolean Several They the Boolean and therefore interchangeable. of mathematical and numbers) and operators( that The right hand of (to the right of the The internal of software that reads text and the FM3 firmware. The that to as the They indicated with To further information the of the the This on/off that displays and Non-Programming These while other than the The to and they section. The below. Can Not Index, Can Not Can Not The instance of Index, or Home. The of Instances reached. The of instances, Instances and If to instance and the of existing instances the this and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Reference These while the creating the when click, when arrow off the when the return, when or when The and the with To further information the of the the This on/off that displays and Application to This the that there such as or that the from to the The information such as which to the user the FYI: Application This the that there such as or The operation completed, however other operations such as would this The information such as which to the user the FM3 than The FM3 floating It to round off used, from the the to the right. the the The and The and FM3 and The and The and assigned The It consisting of
assigned text The It consisting of text Can This If then). type identified, and assignments than and than Couldn't Could the Couldn't from Text Could the Destination assigned or Boolean The It only consisting of Boolean, and Instance You attempted the the Boolean or Boolean This If then). type identified, and assignments without then they Boolean or Boolean The to match of the the FM3 base. selection. The matches of the that selection. and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Reference encountered The text Text to characters... To assign to that FM3, text characters. If than characters, to than characters. The Boolean assigned or Boolean The only consisting of Boolean, and The The internal type found. The You attempted to to The This when trying to to The The Boolean or The The selection text
The than the of the You attempted to assign with of than the The Units allow to the The the of the You attempted to assign that the To the this instruction and the the The of or or subtracted This type identified, and assignments or Booleans, Selections, text and The of or compared(=) This If then). type identified, and assignments Boolean and Selections and text used. The of or or This type identified, and assignments or Booleans, Selections, text and compared. The Source assigned The to Source assignments the of assigned to Generally this three. Selections The Waitfor Instruction temporarily assigns its This to the assignment To instruction, there least assignment. and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Reference The Selection only assigned Selection The selection Selection The selection text exactly match the selections of the Destination This instance This referencing instance that created the instance of This To and the Other Other instance the the to the This assigned selection The that to with selection selection This type assigned The of type that assignments. Source You assign to output The selection this The that attempting to with selection selection the selection to this Trying to selection with selection to the selection with the the selection the
Watch the Watch The Watch while and the PC with the FM-3 The Watch allows the to the of their location. of the found below. To the Watch Tools\Watch from the If with the Watch greyed-out choice the selecting Watch the following appear. Watch The Select as allows the to specify which to the Watch To the Watch once the and to the Watch The the Watch highlighted the Select and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Reference Select Once to the Watch its or constantly monitored. If the or to It hasnt of seconds. seconds, the back to This allows the to what recently without directly The following of the buttons and the Select Clear clicking the Clear of the the Watch erased. Selections clicking Selections, the the that to the Watch Once the selections the Selections to the the the the Watch Therefore, there of helpful the wishes to when those and the Watch The Selections clicking the Selections button, the Watch with the of that using the Selections The Select the commonly to the Watch Select I/O The Select I/O the and and to the Watch The the Select while the Watch The associated the Watch
The the that the Select If to the while the advanced If to Detailed, the advanced to the If to Too then the the This allows the to the they with to If selected and the then the selected selected. The allows the to the that displayed the Select group. The to ALL that from If the wishes to only those from group, the the and the of they to Where The when and or of Pressing the Where the that appears the of the currently executed. The Where the to know where the or when the user wishes to follow the flow of the Motion While the the of the currently or the motion type currently appear the the of the and Troubleshooting
FM-3 Reference
FM-3 Reference 3W from supply. I/O VDC. Function Characteristics and Clearances ON State VDC ON State OFF State 0-3VDC OFF State ON State I/O -1.5V ON State OFF State VDC I/O SHLD Specifications
FM-3 Reference AX4-CEN CDRO
Specifications
FM-3 Reference SNCE-XXX SNCDD-001.5
SNCO-003 SNCI-003 Specifications
FM-3 Reference SNCLI-003
CMDX-XXX CMDX White/Yellow and Yellow/White wires of the and shown the and Specifications
FM-3 Reference CMDO-XXX CMDO White/Yellow and Yellow/White wires of the and shown the and
CDRO-XXX Specifications
FM-3 Reference TIA-XXX DDS-XXX
TERM-H (Head) TERM-T the section Specifications
FM-3 Reference CMDS-XXX CMMS-XXX
CFCS-XXX Specifications
FM-3 Reference CFCO-XXX
CFOS-XXX Specifications
FM-3 Reference
FM-3 Reference Microsecond, which seconds. Amps. Amplifier ARMS Amps Mean (RMS). The to FM-3 with EN AWG American Rate The of such as RS- character that the turn On or with the On displays when the option buttons, each other; On or of the others. Motion of motion commands and instructions that repeatable operation. the FM-3, the motion functional assignments and Compound Motion The of which the of the first to the velocity of the secondary The first initiated within (Index.#.CompoundInitiate).
FM-3 Reference The user-created It as or to the FM-3. It includes the assignments and CRC the Destination function Stop, that assigned to input FM-3, the input function connected to the action through and operations Software the Assignment that appears to information from the the the information, the DIN DLL Microsoft of machine-language that to as Downloading The of of from FM to or amplifier. EEPROM EEPROM Electrically Read-Only Memory; that its both recorded and they when EMC The immunity of to the of EMI Interference EMI which, when coupled
The firmware to software that such as read-only memory (ROM). Another type of EEPROM. the FM-3, this the the and function field the firmware. FM Function which to the front of the to functionality. Where that which of which Routine The motion which the precisely with of with input, the to its the input the that the The of to increasing input input I/O The reception and of information I/O switches, relays, which or off or that flow, motion motion that the or to The property of to velocity acted force. Higher to and the and of the
FM-3 Reference Function function Stop, that assigned to input FM- the input function connected to the action through and operations Software the Assignment The of or to which applied. rotation of the or Least The that the least or the least LED Light the front of and function which the choose of items, such as or the which of MB MODBUS Communication The follows the outlined the Reference PI-MBNS-300 Revision G, November Function The that the or that the Millisecond, which of second.
NVM Memory. NVM specifically as the It to through NTC Negative Option Opto-isolated of from of to another without the of ground The optically with light (usually Light and light (usually photosensitive transistor). These isolation. Function The which from or The or relay or read/write that and the operation. These the PC Computer. PE Protective Earth. PID that the that closed-loop PLC known as these and
FM-3 Reference based software to interface with the EN or MDS with attached FM-3 or FM-4 known as the Option only of which chosen The chosen and the others white. Choosing with the the other the to cleared. RAM RAM Random-Access Memory, which memory whereby location memory found, as as other location. Commonly to Read-Write memory, as to Read-Only Memory (ROM, EPROM, EEPROM, Flash). RAM its RMS Mean Squared. the RMS to the of steady which would the heating of ROM ROM Read-Only Memory. ROM instructions that to such as of the operating RPM with of This achieved information as of and Source The terminals which from or The that switch or the software. The of force, of its to torsion and rotation about
Uploading The of of from to FM. Units of to allow to specify which type of and motion and VAC that boolean, input function, and VDC Direct Velocity The of Portion of within Microsoft Microsoft operating that graphical interface, memory and The and the to and choices.
FM-3 Reference