FPC Phase, AC Business-Critical Continuity
NSTALLATION NSTRUCTIONS Unpacking and Unpacking and Inspection Considerations Unit Preparation Location Considerations. Additional Distribution Mounting FDC Distribution Mounting Distribution and Junction Installation. Grounding Grounding Conductor With QUIPMENT NSPECTION AND TARTUP Inspection. NSPECTION AND TARTUP C HECKLIST Inspection of Units With Distribution PERATING NSTRUCTIONS Procedures Emergency ShutdownIf Emergency switch Normal Shutdown Normal Turn ON (Units Without AINTENANCE Inspection and Cleaning Inspection TABLE OF CONTENTS
Typical and Typical and Recommended service and clearances. location location location location with location with typical input typical Typical grounding Typical FPC Simplified shutdown Typical without Typical with Table 23-inch Table 47-inch Table FPC heat Table input Table input rating Table input wire) input without wire) typical input typical. grounding (AWG) Table Table Branch specifications. Table specifications, ASCII interface Table RS-232 ASCII commands Table FIGURES TABLES
MPORTANT AFETY NSTRUCTIONS WARNING The and protection to from backlash. WARNING that incoming and and or whether the or the inspection and should trained Lethal throughout inspection and service should the FPC to the disconnected inspecting or cleaning within the Lethal within the operation. and this to serious or death. service this as instructed. The lithium memory There of incorrectly replaced. only with or type. of to the instructions. NOTE the or operating the NOTE The should from the or completed. and should and comply with the NEC and
NSTALLATION NSTRUCTIONS Unpacking and and Inspection the Inspect the or of the the Shock-Watch the and inspect the If the FPC shipped the to the with that would the the and and inspect the If immediately with the agency and to: Corporation Dearborn P.O. Columbus, USA Considerations The FPC (and furnished) to to allow The FPC and furnished with casters to allow the to from the The FPC should the as as to its location. to the furnished with the FPC the and Typical and shown and The to the FPCs should to that including and enough to the and that the enough to the whether corners or offsets would the recommends the supplied, the This scratches, and other to the NOTE the and operating the of FPC, the should the following to installation. NOTE The should from the or completed. Complete inspection should accomplished positioning and to Instructions
Typical and Overhead clearance of recommended cooling clearance of recommended service with option recommended clearance of front and service Unit location typical from to Table 23-inch weight Unit Including and Unit Optional Without including with access, clearance of below recommended cooling and typical Instructions and cooling Footprint and
Typical and Including and Overhead clearance of recommended cooling clearance of recommended service with option recommended clearance of front and service Unit from to Table 47-inch Unit Unit Optional Without including and Footprint and cooling with access, clearance of below recommended cooling and location typical Instructions typical
Unit Preparation The FPC easily from the and typical as follows: the assembly where there enough to the FPC and assembly off the the the WARNING The and when and protection to when the the factory-provided from its One front of or top of of the to the to smooth from to from the FPC, supplied. wrench the furnished the the and mounting holding the to the Mounting located of the If the holding the to the and the the off the the the the FPC and the to the to when positioning the to the casters from through the CAUTION the its and follow Location Considerations Location Considerations The FPC should the load(s) supply, preferably within the location should the shortest with and allowance The FPC with of 32F to 104F (0C to 40C) with relative of to (non-condensing). clearance with of This clearance least high. and the typical and cooling or the the optional used. (CSA regulations FPC employing CSA Units with top clearance. Recommended service clearances shown The National (NEC) the indicated front and rear clearances service access. Clearance the cooling Units with optional service clearance the the FPC heat operation. This heat accounted when the of the Instructions
Recommended service and clearances FPC heat Unit Notes and and required. Notes and NOTE Service the front and rear. Service clearance to 150V to ground. 150V to ground. Service the with Distribution Option. Heat clearance of recommended cooling Instructions clearance of below and
optional that clearance or FPC The to allow the FPC and the height. CAUTION reverse-assembled the should reassembled as shown the properly assembled, the washer top of the the the threaded the the as shown and the height turning the assembly or of the as required. the height the the base. The anchored to the of the four the base. Locations of shown and Threaded Washer mounting Instructions
Additional Distribution Mounting with than four the furnished FDC which shipped from the FPC. FDC Distribution Mounting The FDC the as FPC and mounted the or right of the FPC. of as shown the internal and the from the FPC. the FDC and internal supplied, and the FDC with the FPC and the together others). If the FPC, the corners of the FDC. the the of the FDC with the the FPC the FDC Distribution field-supplied conductors (3-phase conductors, and ground) to the FDC to the FPC the field. with the phase conductors connected directly to the Phase to X1 Phase to X2 Phase C to X3 The FDCs and ground conductors connected to the FPCs and ground location). without the phase and conductors to the the FPC. The bution ground connected to the ground with each through the (CT) the FPC. and and should and with the NEC and If the FPC furnished with input input as Junction If furnished, the input connected to the input located the FPC. through WARNING that and low-voltage and or whether the or the FPC. NOTE Distribution conductors through the the as the FPC conductors. the existing FPC reference. Instructions
To from other the building, the 3-phase input to the FPC should directly from the service or other The input should with the NEC and building to the to the including conductors should than If age of the input oversized. Typical shown Table with the NEC and other with the input should of 3-phase conductors and ground (3W G). without the input of 3-phase conductors, and ground (4W G). location Instructions
location location FPC15000 FPC15000 Instructions
location with location with D Thick Instructions FPC15002 FPC15002
Table input AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG Units with Units MIB FLA OPD (AWG) Amps Amps (AWG) Instructions
Table input (continued) AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG AWG NEC and FLA Amps of OPD Protection FPC based NEC 75C input should from service or other conductors to insulated conductors with conductors increased performance. Ground NEC as the ground used, to and throughout this the recommended. of or supply overcurrent protection with 3-phase 4W input of NEC performance, the should located as to as Table input rating 208V 480V 380-415V 600V to with input Units with Units MIB FLA OPD (AWG) Amps Amps (AWG) Instructions
Junction input and the FPC to The boxes, used, shipped with the or advance-shipped the roughing-in of 10-foot-long with connecting the to the The boxes should of from the of the recommends the that easily Junction with the NEC and other WARNING that incoming and and locked or the Typical shown and and Table input wire) Junction 400A with 750A ground with of 750A phase with 750A ground with of Table input without wire) Junction the furnished with the Typical of the boxes as follows: Table typical Width, Length, inches inches Table input typical H, inches H, inches H, inches N/A H, N/A H, inches N/A 400A with 750A with of 750A ground with of 750A phase with 1500A with of 750A ground with of Unit 208-240V 380-415V 480-600V Instructions
typical input typical Customer input 3-phase, GND with 3-phase, GND without Grounding The performance and of grounding. shows the typical grounding the FPC. Grounding grounding Correct of grounding performance. include grounding as the NEC and insulated ground recommended to each conductors least the NEC increased performance. If the input as grounding CAUTION and recommended. Building Interface Factory-supplied C Instructions Factory-supplied input assemby NOTE: with higher-ampacity and furnished without
Reference If the to supply to or that with reference or grounded grounding should connected from the ground to the or This should or AWG or and as as than recommended. Grounding Conductor With The FPC with grounded to the of NEC grounding recommended to the ground which normally with the input conductors. through shown the from the to the tively grounded location of preference): Building Other grounding The grounding based the secondary conductors. Table shows the recommended grounding to the NEC (Table Table (AWG) AWG based 75C conductors Recommended the grounding performance; as and other of (where to ferrous to the ferrous both as and other 208V 380V 415V Instructions
Typical Service Service grounding Service Service grounding Typical FPC without used) grounding NEC Typical FPC with grounding used) FPC (with FPC (without Installation Instructions reference used) reference used)
and/or with ground and the load(s) as through optional and factory-supplied. and should should follow This to installation, inspection and alterations. Measure the to the following right-angle rather than or directly. to the of the with to the to length. restriction of the the the performance, the FPC should as as to the Initial should and of rated capacity. This allows the tion of without immediately investing another The high of the FPC such without operation. of 3-phase Accordingly, each the factory, based branch additions to the should as to this phase-shifted, to the should the as with the should the phases. output the should the phases. WARNING that incoming and and or or whether the or the that incoming and and and comply with the NEC and other Provisions without that hard-wired to the with padlock-off accessory the The padlock-off accessory to to lock-out and the when service the hard-wired with OSHA Instructions
Typical FPC Ground NEC with input to 3-phase, ground with 3-phase, ground without input and FPC Emergency Switch (REPO) and Optional to the options Instructions Building interface and
NEC that off (EPO) switches located the conditioning shutdown from Remote Emergency (REPO) stations. simplified of the of the FPC. comply with the NEC and other WARNING that high-voltage and and locked or whether the or the shown the operates 24VDC. The shutdown the REPO switch) activates low-current, 24VDC relay that operates the The the which the Shutdown than the typical that actuation of (REPO The of FPC to this shutdown, and/or to the used) or to the low-voltage located the with the type of furnished with the shown and Simplified shutdown 24VDC Source FPC K5 K6 +24VDC Unit EPO K6 Switch N.C. REPO K5 Instructions Remote Shutdown Devices N.O. REPO R1 Building Interface
Typical without NOTES switching to switching 24VDC. recommended 18AWG with 300V insulation. and where noted. located or The the 24VDC supply (both N.O. and N.C. REPO to 1A. normally (N.O.) REPO switches normally closed (N.C.) REPO switches connected used) The summary rated to 30VAC or VDC, 0.5A, 10W Factory-Supplied N.O. W208 N.C. W207 W206 N.O. REPO W205 24VDC W204 REPO W203 N.C. REPO W202 24VDC W201 Building Interface Instructions BLK WHT N.O. REPO GRN N.C. REPO when Normally Closed (N.C.) REPO
Typical with NOTES switching to switching 24VDC. recommended 18AWG with 300V insulation. and field-supplied where noted. located or The the 24VDC supply (both N.O. and N.C. REPO to 1A. normally (N.O.) REPO switches normally closed (N.C.) REPO switches connected used) connected The summary rated to 30VAC or VDC, 0.5A, 10W Customer through normally Customer normally closed RS-232 connected to the only. 300V To Comm RS-232 RXD (WHT) RS-232 TXD (RED) RS-232 COM (BLK) Customer W214 Factory-Supplied Customer W213 Customer W212 Customer W211 Customer W210 N.O. W208 Summary N.O. W208 Summary N.C. W207 Summary W206 N.O. REPO W205 24VDC W204 REPO W203 N.C. REPO W202 24VDC W201 Building Interface BLK WHT GRN Instructions when fifth Optional Summary N.O. REPO N.C. REPO when Normally Closed (N.C.) REPO
QUIPMENT NSPECTION AND TARTUP Inspection internal inspection should the and gized, to free The internal inspection should when WARNING that and and the internal inspection. the to the internal of the FPC the and internal inspect and tightness. to through of inspection Follow the Inspection and when inspection. Follow the Inspection and when and the FPC. Initial to the inspection and or Services. the United States, 1-800-LIEBERT. Warranty of the (furnished with the completed, and to Corporation. Warranty of the effective the the factory. WARNING inspection and should trained procedures. followed throughout inspection and Inspection and
Table specifications, M8 M10 M12 and to 500A Table specifications Branch specifications to to Table specifications AWG or with washer with washers M6 Inspection and
NSPECTION AND TARTUP C HECKLIST Unit Unit Inspection WARNING inspection procedures to with to the off and Confirm that the of (including and furnished). Confirm that service and clearances through and internal Inspect and insulation tightness. necessary. tightness. necessary. tightness. necessary. mounting tightness. necessary. from the or the of the clear and free of that the and and of internal and to the following Inspection and
WARNING procedures should the throughout the of the with the input of reclosing. that the OFF and that to the the cover of the Junction input to including Turn ON the building to the the phase the Phase should A, B, C, as indicated. and the input the Phase to Phase Phase to Phase C Phase C to Phase Turn OFF and the building to the input the cover. input to including grounding and grounding Turn ON the building input to the the phase the input Phase should A, B, C, left-to- right. and the input the input Measured should to the input Phase to Phase Phase to Phase C Phase C to Phase Turn ON the input (If OFF, including Services or the location factory the phase the terminals (top) of the and subfeed output The should A, B, C, left-to-right. and the the terminals of the Measured should to the (within Phase to Phase Phase to Phase C Phase C to Phase Phase to Phase to Phase C to If incorrect, incorrect input or Services 1-800-LIEBERT the United States or NOTE through apply to the Junction If this with Junction to Inspection and
Press the EMERGENCY POWER OFF switch, supplied, and shutdown. Turn the back each EMERGENCY POWER OFF switch with which the CAUTION The Remote Emergency switch or than the FPC. Turn ON the building to the then the input ON. that the EMERGENCY POWER OFF supplied, and that the ALARM PRESENT SILENCE off. If the FPC with Turn building to the FPC. Turn ON. Turn off building to FPC. that building to the FPC and to ON. If the FPC with Turn ON the FPC. that the indicated the to the measured the input and and If the FPC connected to Turn ON the FPC and the to the operation. to the terminals the Junction used), or the low-voltage section With the FPC ON, and the DC terminals and should and 23VDC). NOTE The FPC input each input phase. The or from to to This the to the of input Should it necessary, the to match the input input Select to match input to information.) each to its to Inspection and
Customer If provided: With the FPC ON, operation the to the furnished with the annunciation the and/or the of Units With Distribution CAUTION should disconnected or turned off proceeding with the following with that NO connected to and that the with to those the of these with each other or with Turn input to the then the Individually each branch and the output phase rotation, 3-phase the or Turn OFF branch and the the specifications and Turn the Turn branch to the CAUTION the the that operates properly. the inspection and Inspection and this the and Inspection furnished with the the completed and to: Corporation Dearborn P.O. Columbus, USA NOTE Warranty the inspection and the factory. Inspection and
PERATING NSTRUCTIONS Procedures the service relocation, or of inspection and as Inspection and and Inspection and the following operation. These should ations or that to the operation. Emergency ShutdownIf Emergency switch To shutdown the clear protective cover and the Emergency (EPO) switch the FPCs If the with Remote Emergency (REPO) switch to shutdown, of the REPO switches. NEC REPO switch the Normal Shutdown To shutdown, shutdown to the recommended shutdown The turned OFF each of or the FPCs located the FPCs front Turn OFF then OFF the input To from the FPC, OFF the building to the FPCs input or Normal Turn ON of the FPCs the OFF located the front Turn ON building to the FPC. Turn ON the FPCs input If the tripped OFF (instead of turned OFF), the to the OFF turned ON. If the FPC turning ON Turn ON the Individually ON each following the If the FPCs selected, the input tripped of and allowing If the input tripped restored, then follow the instructions Normal Turn ON NOTE the of the EPO switch other to shutdown. Instructions
(Units Without Present/Silence of the switch become and the activated. the switch the The of the should gated and corrected. include non-linear high or input or malfunction. to the shutdown to the of correction of the the character LCD to the input and output (each phase, and ground), THD, THD, factor, K-factor, factor, and Pressing the Scan switch the where automatically. the Hold/Sequence switch the Pressing the switch allows selection of the FPC OUTPUT VOLTAGE FPC SCAN HOLD SEQUENCE Instructions EMERGENCY POWER OFF ALARM PRESENT SILENCE FPC16000 EMERGENCY POWER OFF ALARM PRESENT SILENCE FPC16001
of of the following the appears the LCD the Present/Silence switch and the activated. Pressing the switch the the corrected, the the switch when prompted the LCD or of Indicates or of the phase the (normally of The high should and corrective action the of other (orderly) shutdown should to Indicates or of the phase the (normally of The should and corrective action the of other (orderly) shutdown should to THD Indicates that the or of the phases the (normally THD). The of the high tion should investigated and corrective action Indicates The of the should and corrected. include non-linear high or input or malfunction. to the shutdown to the of Indicates or of the phase the (normally of the The overcurrent should and corrective action the of other of the should turned off to reduce If phase of the should shifted from the higher phase(s) to the phase(s). Indicates that the the of the The overcurrent should and investigated to corrective action required. high phase which should corrected. Where high the of harmonic affected (including should to the Deviation Indicates that the 0.5 The should and the investigated and rected. Phase Indicates that the phase A, B, C. The phase should and corrective action Three-phase to phase should operated without phase Phase Indicates that or of the phase or The should and corrective action the of other (orderly) shutdown should to Ground Indicates the ground the The overcurrent should and corrective action ground or Customer Indicates The and corrective action the of the information. Instructions
To Unit Clock To the clock from the front the Scan and switches while the and the LCD. should appear the selected and field. the Scan switch to the highlighted field and the switch to the highlighted field. the to the and field. The displayed AM/PM or 24-hour the Scan and switches to the clock RS-232 ASCII Communications Units with with isolated RS-232 ASCII which allows to and information. The RS-232 located the the typical The ASCII interface shown Table ASCII interface Interface RS-232 EIA Parity <CR> Not OFF to msec to around msec msec commands msec intercharacter msec The ASCII Format. Table shows the of commands. command serviced commands terminated with Commands or terminated with feed and Table RS-232 ASCII commands Command Typical <CR> Unit: 03:40:37A<LF><CR> <CR> Unit: 05-15-97<LF><CR> UID? <CR> <CR> V? <CR> SS1? <CR> Information (20-character with SA? <CR> of Active (20-character with UPMD? <CR> of Unit ID L-L Unit_No._PDU_21B____<LF><CR> 0150<LF><CR> 0208<LF><CR> UNIT_MODEL_NUMBER___SERIAL NUMBER_______ SITE_ID_NUMBER______TAG_NUMBER__________<LF><CR> OUTPUT_OVERVOLTAGE__05-15-97,01:25:30A OUTPUT_OVERCURRENT__05-15-97,01:27:46A<LF><CR> 0047,0049,0044<LF><CR> Instructions
Table item Units A-B B-C C-A X-Y Y-Z Z-A X-N Y-N Z-N Amps Amps Amps Amps Amps Factor Factor THD THD THD THD THD THD Factor Factor Factor K-Factor K-Factor K-Factor Loading of Instructions
AINTENANCE the Services service to of and downtime of WARNING service should the FPC troubleshooting should to isolate the If there hesitate to Services. or of items, such as and lights or to Services. Repairs related to the should to Services. To LGS information or service the United States, 1-800-LIEBERT. Inspection and Cleaning through the to internal Cleaning should as inspections. inspections, cleaning, and operation recommended to performance and service life. WARNING service should the FPC to the inspecting or cleaning within the Inspection It to establish cleanings from to Inspections the first hours, and months of operation should the inspection and mountings should inspected the first hours, and months of operation. Inspections should conducted annually thereafter. and should inspected and cleaned every months to inspection and should annually. This the inspection and as Inspection and LGS offers of services. These include thorough performance and of Services the United States 1-800-LIEBERT
Ensuring The High Mission-Critical Applications. Emerson Network the business-critical continuity, and through family of technologiesincluding and cooling technologiesthat and business-critical architecture that to criticality, and capacity. from IT flexibility and reduced and operating While to the and of this Corporation responsibility and from of this information or or Corporation rights throughout the world. Specifications to without and the of Corporation. to or of their respective owners. SL-20412_REV04_09-07 Emerson Network The Business-Critical Continuity AC Connectivity DC Business-Critical Continuity Emerson Network and the Emerson Network and service of Emerson Emerson Computing Switching Integrated Services Precision Cooling Technical Service www.liebert.com the US: UPS the US: Three-Phase UPS the United States Locations United States Dearborn P.O. Columbus, OH (PD) 7/F, Road, EmersonNetworkPower.com Protection