Instruction P/N July II Software Motion and
Motion, Inc. rights ELITE, and the Motion of Motion, Inc., MVD and MVD Direct of Motion., Inc., Motion of Motion, Inc., The Emerson of Emerson other property of their respective owners.
Chapter You About this This to the Motion II software and (PC). This of using II with Motion this instruction the should with the Microsoft operating There of and that appear II the the the or This information and the batch B). information and using other or features, the or If the Motion Customer Service Telephone Section About II software This section of II software. Supported The II and the following Motion and 2400S Core and Enhanced MVD Direct with interface (MVD RFT9739 RFT9712 IFT9701/9703 MVD Direct that include II to with the MVD Direct installations. and You II II
You of II II, procedures and the and information and Troubleshoot the II the II installation, the this section. PC To and II, PC or the following One of the following: MB of with or or USB NT the USB Motion II RS-485 or USB) and or USB). Table If II Motion. II Software Motion release or edition) with (MB) RAM ME with MB RAM NT with Service and MB RAM with Service and MB RAM XP with Service and MB RAM
You II Physical RS-485 Black RS-232 RS-485 Interface Converter IC521A-F) DB9-DB25 DB9-DB9 VIATOR RS232 HART Interface with HART terminating DB9-DB9 If RS-232 to RS-485 or HART interface, responsibility to that functionality. the ReadMe.txt the II directory, or Motion or information. of the VIATOR USB HART Interface. This with the VIATOR USB HART Interface. that the to through the USB If this the USB when the USB type To and troubleshoot the know type, installation/mounting type, and option board type only). The which attached to the this information. the If MVD Direct to the the Motion service service, phone the the U.S.A., phone 1-800-522-MASS and phone the U.K., (toll-free) the U.K., phone and USB Black RS-232 RS-485 Interface Converter IC521A-F) Black (RS-232) IC138A) DB9-DB25 DB9-DB9 USB VIATOR USB HART Interface with USB and HART terminating You II II
You and RFT9739 II Software Motion rack-mount or D, field-mount interface: (MVD) (MVD) Mounting: rack-mount field-mount Software option and option board: option B, C input/outputs option board Mounting/installation type: to with with with and only. option C. option board: option board B, C input/outputs option board intrinsically option OUNDATION option PROFIBUS PA option board Mounting/installation type: installation) mounted C assembly installation) with RFT9712 IFT9701/9703 I, R, L, J, S,
You and 2400S and interface option: with with option board: option C I/O option board PROFIBUS DP I/O option board You II II
II Software Motion
Chapter and This chapter information II software, connecting to the and troubleshooting the or To and II, the following required: Section the II software PC Section the temporary Section type Section the and the wires the PC and the Section the and to the Section and Section troubleshooting information, Section and Section and To and II, follow the below. and II II using the account, and that who II the Table Table To II To II NT the built-in account Read/write Read/write registry of the Read/write Read/write registry XP of the Read/write Read/write registry Not ME Not Not and You II II
and NT, or XP the the group, the warning that the If this the to the registry updated correctly. If to to the software the account. the II software To II software: the II CD-ROM the CD-ROM If the automatically, and the SETUP.EXE The located the directory the CD-ROM where D CD-ROM Follow the on-screen instructions to the installation. If previous of II PC, prompted to the The II associated with and PC. If to II installation, to the and II. To this to II location that permanently. If with software earlier than and the the with II or To and the from II, software to or or to II with You both II and II or the PC, and II or with You with software and however, the the temporary The first II prompted to temporary This allow to II with functionality from the and Follow the on-screen instructions to the temporary If or ME, temporarily software PC the temporary You the software immediately the temporary with Section to II this follow the instructions Section to and If to II the temporary expired, II allow to to II Software Motion
and type and types. Table the and and Table the and and Table the and the 2400S Table the and MVD Direct these and throughout the chapter: Temporary to that and typically only and troubleshooting. the housing the of the these should and the housing closed as as The should of the that from the housing. Hard-wired to that to the usually or the that the already hard-wired the housing to they as AN to with the option board IS to with the intrinsically option CIO to with the input/outputs option board FF to with the OUNDATION fieldbus input/output option PA to with the PROFIBUS-PA input/output option board DP to with the PROFIBUS-DP input/output option board DN to with the input/output option MVD Direct to installations that include the include II connected directly to the RS-485 terminals the or the MVD Direct I.S. Once type, the the to to the Section and You II II
and Table and and IFT9701 IFT9703 RFT9712 RFT9739 HART physical Temporary or hard-wired to or Temporary to field-mount Temporary to rack-mount RS-485 physical Temporary or hard-wired to or (RS-485 physical Temporary or hard-wired to or Table Communication and and HART RS-485 physical Temporary or hard-wired to RS-485 AN terminals physical Temporary or hard-wired to or Temporary or hard-wired to IS or (RS-485 physical Temporary or hard-wired to RS-485 AN terminals Temporary to service with the and The with the and HART II Software Motion type type AN CIO
and Table Communication and 2400S type HART physical Temporary to HART AN Temporary or hard-wired to or AN (RS-485 physical Temporary to service AN DN DP Table Communication and MVD Direct (RS-485 physical Temporary or hard-wired to RS-485 or I.S. the and the II Motion offers four to cover types. Section of the and operation of the VIATOR USB HART Interface. This with the VIATOR USB HART Interface. that the attempting to through the USB If this the USB when the USB To the and the wires, follow the instructions type. to the Table or and On the supply atmospheres while the the service to with the the atmosphere of On the supply the to shock. To the of shock, the supply wires or terminals while the service WARNING WARNING You II II
and II Software Motion On the atmospheres the covers atmosphere within three disconnected. On 2400S the housing cover the housing cover to to this using the service or HART these should temporary or troubleshooting the atmosphere, to to Removing the the to shock. To the of shock, the supply wires or terminals while or the or while using the RS-485 Connecting HART to the If the flow the VIATOR HART Interface to the the terminals or the HART the to which would connecting the VIATOR HART Interface to the WARNING WARNING WARNING CAUTION
and temporary or to or network This RFT9739, RFT9712, and IFT9701/9703 with the option board or input/outputs options board, 2400S with the option board, and VIATOR HART Interface, the PC connected directly to to the wires from these or to that wired to these shows the this type. temporary or to or DCS or PLC R1 At the PC, the VIATOR HART Interface to the or USB the VIATOR HART Interface leads: and R2 R3 To the (hard-wired Directly to the terminals (temporary Table To the wires from the terminals (hard-wired The polarity-insensitive; to the A. or terminals VIATOR You II II USB VIATOR
and Table terminals RFT9712 RFT9739 rack-mount Z30 D30 RFT9739 field-mount IFT9701/9703 AN CIO 2400S AN with screw-type with I/O rack-mount field-mount If necessary, to the as Table AN CIO 2400S AN IFT9701 IFT9703 RFT9712 RFT9739 II Software Motion If other connected to the the with the If the connected to such as DCS or PLC with internal (R2), its within the Table If than R1 to the that the (R1 R2) within the If DCS or PLC internal R3 and its within the Table PV PV
and temporary to RFT9739 field-mount and RFT9712 At the PC, the VIATOR HART Interface to the or USB the the the and the VIATOR HART Interface leads to the The polarity-insensitive; to locating the A. If necessary, the R1 with of that the the as the the already the connected to the VIATOR HART Interface to the and R1 or USB VIATOR VIATOR You II II
and temporary to RFT9739 rack-mount At the PC, the VIATOR HART Interface to the or USB the leads of to the leads of the VIATOR HART Interface, and the the HART the The polarity-insensitive; the If necessary, the R1 with of that the the as the the the connected to or HART the HART II Software Motion HART R1 included) or USB VIA TOR VIA TOR
and temporary or hard-wired to IS VIATOR HART Interface, the PC connected directly to output to the wires from these or to that wired to these shows the this type. At the PC, the VIATOR HART Interface to the or USB the VIATOR HART Interface leads: terminals IS that the following and To the (hard-wired Directly to the terminals (temporary Table To the wires from the terminals (hard-wired Table The polarity-insensitive; to the A. operation, the with of and the VIATOR HART Interface connected of To the of R1, R2, and R3: If other connected to the R1 with the If the connected to such as DCS or PLC with internal (R2), its and If than R1 to the that the (R1 R2) and If DCS or PLC internal R3 and its and PV PV You II II
and to IS DCS or PLC R3 IS and II Software Motion R2 R1 USB (V supply of and VIATOR VIATOR VDC terminals or
and HART/RS-485 temporary or hard-wired to or This RFT9739 and RFT9712 with the option board, and Black the PC connected directly to RS-485 to the wires from these or to shows the this type. that RS-485 HART the instructions. If RFT9712 the RS-485 the instructions. At the PC, the Black to the or USB to necessary. that the and wires connected as shown and the other of the leads: or from with the terminating (R1) each of the RS-485 Lead-to-terminal assignments AN with screw-type with I/O rack-mount field-mount RFT9712 RFT9739 field-mount RFT9739 rack-mount Z22 D22 and To the (hard-wired Directly to the RS-485 terminals (temporary Table To the wires from the RS-485 terminals (hard-wired Table the RS-485 A. RS-485/A RS-485/B You II II
and HART/RS-485 to or DCS or PLC temporary or hard-wired to RS-485 This RFT9739 with the option board, and Black the PC connected directly to RS-485 to the wires from these or to RS-485 the this type. At the PC, the Black to the or USB using to necessary. the other of the leads: II Software Motion R1 To the (hard-wired that the and wires connected as shown Directly to the RS-485 terminals (temporary Table To the wires from the RS-485 (hard-wired the RS-485 A. BLACK BOX to necessary) shown) RS-485 terminals
and Lead-to-terminal assignments AN with screw-type with I/O rack-mount field-mount RFT9712 RFT9739 field-mount RFT9739 rack-mount Z22 D22 or from with the (R1) terminals of both The allows to active the network If through that other currently active. to RS-485 DCS or PLC and R1 RS-485/A RS-485/B BLACK BOX to necessary) shown) RS-485 terminals You II II
and temporary to service This and Black the PC connected directly to service shows the this type. At the PC, the Black to the or USB to necessary. At the the leads to the service Table the A. The allows only to active the If through that other currently active. service the of If with service to specify which to to. to the service II Software Motion If to or to 2400S the service terminals If connecting to or the RS-485 terminals these as service If service this the service indefinitely If service this the terminals switch to and the RS-485 the Service to these Section Service terminals BLACK BOX to necessary) shown)
and Lead-to-terminal assignments 2400S with screw-type with I/O rack-mount field-mount On 2400S service the service which located the interface. Alternatively, service the information the to the and temporary to HART This 2400S that HART VIATOR HART Interface, the PC directly to the HART the of the shows the to the HART At the PC, the VIATOR HART Interface to the or USB using to necessary. At the the housing cover. the HART interface leads to the HART to HART HART If necessary, the HART The VIATOR HART interface of that the HART the as the the already the connected to or HART and RS-485/A RS-485/B VIATOR You II II
and temporary to MVD Direct Black the PC directly to the RS-485 the or the MVD Direct I.S. At the PC, the Black to the or USB to necessary. If connecting to the the the leads to the RS-485 Table and: The allows to active the If connecting through that other currently active. using II to with the to PLC. to the supply using II to with the the to the PLC. Table Lead-to-terminal assignments I.S. Core intrinsically intrinsically to RS-485 II Software Motion connecting to the to the to the I.S. Core RS-485/A RS-485/A RS-485/B RS-485/B to necessary) RS-485 to RS-232
and to RS-485 terminals RS-485/B RS-485/A to RS-485 terminals I.S. and Core RS-485/B RS-485/A I.S. Non-I.S. terminals to necessary) RS-485 to RS-232 to necessary) RS-485 to RS-232 You II II
and II and to the To to the II to the If to MVD Direct II of the The incoming and switches to match. If connecting to 2400S the service If service or type, the when of these specified, II the If other type, II to match the If know the or the to or its of the of each type, Section II Software Motion service type. type and specify the The incoming and switches to match. The service Table Service and 2400S and the RS-485 terminals as service If service this the service indefinitely If service this the terminals switch to and using the RS-485 the using HART the HART (software instead of the HART HART the each type. Table II to match these switches and the and to the to then II to match these Factory these Table
and Table MVD Direct Option RTU ASCII rates and Parity Stop 2400S service Option RTU ASCII to both: Service rates from to Stop Parity Table Physical HART AN HART IS CIO 2400S AN HART HART II the though the to II. HART If with ASCII; with RTU. to or to HART 2400S only). with the and The with the and HART The shown to RS-485 only with and RS-485 RS-485 RS-485 (RTU or ASCII) RS-485 RTU HART RTU HART Parity You II II
and and Physical IFT9701/9703 RFT9712 HART RFT9739 HART RFT9739 HART II the though the to II. IFT9701/9703 The shown to to RS-485 switch the to or To the software from II to that PC connected to the to of the Section II software. From the to Specify to the other required. II Software Motion HART RS-485 HART RS-485 HART RS-485 RTU HART the to specify type. the VIATOR USB HART Interface, RTS to the PC COM to to the If service or If to MVD Direct the to of the other types: 2400S the to the other the to the Stop Parity
and If service to or Click the II to the If appears, Section and To and the as follows: the supplying information including the To the of Motion copying and the rather than the the edited Motion of the following This the location. If the II found existing the and the location of the To the of Motion the the and the to the seconds. On the the to flash. MMI II II The the The from the II to: and the edited to the The and typical installations located MMI II Telephone (toll-free the U.S.), or and the edited text reference. II. From the The shown displayed. You II II
and To the of Motion copying and the rather than the Troubleshooting the II If with the II installation, the information this section and follow the If the Motion If to II NT, or XP that the Section On NT, as to the II or registry II information written to the registry. If, reason, II information the registry or or the information as follows: Click MMI II II batch that the registry executed. Click OK as the the To the batch NT, or XP authorized to write to the registry. II Software Motion the the then the
and Troubleshooting the II If to the the information this section and follow the If the Motion OPC or OPC If the displays of the following: The OPC started. The OPC II, that the Section On NT, as to the II installation. Other If the of the following: The or the respond. and should the following: Check the the PC and the and that the information type Section or to the the parity, and COM and they both II and the Click MMI II II This registry that II the COM To this, the LED indicator/tester. (If purchased the II from Motion, this included.) that interference the COM Other or trying to the COM If the TD light flashing while II, the COM another the other and If the COM other that the other currently (PDAs) often that the COM continually. HART to with the intrinsically option board, that the terminals externally and The the TD, RD, DTR, and RTS should ON. Usually they red, another the COM the RTS If ON, connected to the COM II the COM or there to that the RTS LED or flashes. If LED detected, connected to the COM or the COM isnt assigned correctly. the PC the COM You II II
and to the RS-485 the leads the terminals and that II the only active the RS-485 through the service HART the VIATOR USB HART Interface: to the 2400S ASCII with RS-485 rather than service that ASCII II Software Motion HART to the instructions earlier this chapter. that there the HART to with the intrinsically option board, that the the the RS-485 the or there that with the with the each of the If burst that that II the only the that the Converter RTS the II that the PC. If this the USB when it the USB
Chapter II Software This chapter information the II interface, including: Starting II and to Section The II Section options Section Section and and Section and Section the II Section II interface II software to easy to II and selecting II from the where usually found the MMI group. You shortcut II. II first the II and displayed to of the options and You II II
II Software II and Connecting to options the from II to the the following when selecting Instructions the following the You the the type choose. Section than HART HART from II, than Service II Software Motion Service MVD Service to know the II service which the On and 2400S the service On and the service seconds service access, to the which installation. On the to the service On 2400S the housing cover. Therefore, these the service temporary
II Software RS-485 the that PC connected to using of the Chapter If the displayed: Select the to the option that choose, options to the of HART HART than that If HART than II NT USB If using service to or Section instructions this Specify Rate Parity COM and Address/Tag as and Section information these If HART and HART (software the HART instead of the HART If using the USB HART Interface, Converter RTS Click the II to only To to another first from the and that the with the and The with the and HART to know the the the the with such as testing, and the to the used, this the and both temporary and RS-485 To RS-485 know the RS-485 both temporary and the Click the option. You II II
II Software If know the of Click the II the Motion and of found. Select the to to, and OK Disconnecting To from the currently the Click the option. II II and boxes. To the To or the active, then F1. options purchased with options. To the of the Click to displayed. this the options indicated with II Software Motion
II Software II the following and related information: The following the associated option the API ED (Enhanced of these from the information the these the the or the II Section and and The to: of the and and input only) If the and the the ED to and and related to the this function the Preferences To inventory the Click Preferences that Inventory Click the Apply necessary. To and inventories: the Click or ED the the to displayed. the buttons this to or the and/or inventories. The and the the and API-related The displayed this function this to inventories, including API-related inventories. II of the API and API inventory. To these, or inventories. and You II II
II Software II allows to of information: LED located the right of the This LED the of the II and the LED located the right of the This LED whether or active: Information displays displays the and outputs, and displays displays Section information about displays and acknowledgment Section information about II Software Motion active One or active Unknown Section information about
II Software Core displays the The Core the option the II to and the from this displays information both and and acknowledging The whenever its or when the There to the this three Informational and If active, the associated highlighted. each active indicated with lights; inactive indicated with lights. This displays only and history. the this High Priority and Priority These active and that active acknowledged: The organization of the and and It affected severity. information about and light currently active light that active acknowledged. You II II
II Software II Software Motion
II Software Acknowledging To acknowledge II, the You acknowledge from the To acknowledge the the each to acknowledge. the II Both the II temporary and to and or directory PC. If to the II installation, the function: To Directory to II to another location the PC. of and to II to another PC. to PC To II to another location the PC: From the II the Click To Directory Specify the directory to which II II the directory, following the instructions Section of this to the installation. to PC At the PC (the PC to which At the PC (the PC where II currently At the PC: and If the active light), the cleared from the and the updated as as from the If the active light), the light the of the The cleared from the as as active. II, following the instructions Section the the Click and supply when requested. II write to the II and the Click of and the II the to the At this the the PC. the the II the to the installation, and the the location. You II II
II Software Motion
Initial Procedures The this chapter should the first started. You II, the HART AMS software, or the to the procedures: the The following II to (and inputs, input or input) II to the II to the The this chapter II with information the HART or the or information to such as the and type of outputs, each to the shipped with the and the Motion Sections and apply to with Profibus-PA or OUNDATION fieldbus. to: that the and the whether or to the that the input or input received correctly the the input or input) The II options shown options with and You II II
Initial Procedures II options To with II, If testing the reading to You when the Section II Software Motion
Initial Procedures II Correct? Correct? UnFix and Correct? Troubleshoot ON or OFF Correct? input Troubleshoot input reading reading input You You You You II II II II II II II II Correct?
Initial Procedures the the the and the that the might that the reports incorrectly as If the correctly, to that the actually the following: If should both. You the both the and to the If the and connected to the the the to II the reading. Disconnect II reading the then and the the reading. If other this required. the should If Motion To the with II: the Click the option. The options the currently connected displayed. II options II Software Motion
Initial Procedures Select or The following displayed: Screen the the the that the the Meas Click Next At this the the and displays the the following and This allows to the (the to the You You You You II II II II II II II II
Initial Procedures Click Next to this to the Once completed the the Click the the establishes the of reference when there flow. Not the the to the the amount of the to its reference The seconds. reference to This to the increased of flow, which incorrect to reference. applications, the displayed. This to the RFT9739 Motion that the the high severity active. Correct the then the You the severity active. Section information and To the the II Software Motion If the Click the the and the the Meas Click Next the (or enough If the Next Apply to the to allow the to IFT or RFT and MVD Direct the through the the reaches the operating the downstream from the that the completely with that the flow completely
Initial Procedures the Click the option. The options the currently connected The following displayed: the or the If the displayed, type the or the Click The The light red. and If flowing through the the To the and that through the completely CAUTION You You You You II II II II II II II II
Initial Procedures the expired. At the of this These Click II Software Motion If the light red, the troubleshooting procedures. If the buttons the to the or the established factory If the light to and the light red, the succeeded.
Chapter Characterization, and This chapter and the Unit Characterizing II and to PC. This then back to the to another of the type, and and reference. Motion recommends this through II. to PC To to PC: the Click from to the that appears, and location the and to specify Click Download the This PC copying, and and
Characterization, and Loading to To the Click to from the that appears to the and location of the to loaded, and Click the If the the Click Preferences the On option. the II the process, and where to the The this section II. the connected to, displayed, and options each information to the shipped with the and the Motion To II: the Click to the following displayed: to that the to as Section II Software Motion Editing the To introducing the and If this, to the CAUTION
Characterization, and II This To option: to the to yellow. finished with and the clicking its the top of the options to and from Click buttons to from of Click checkboxes to or options. To the You to the If and the closed. If to the
Characterization, and If without specifying Apply or OK the You to the to apply or the finished the You the without applying the Unit With 2400S and with firmware and the Unit and the or as the or as the flow the of the reference To flow that or flow the flow factor from the of the reference and II and offers Unit to this flow factor. The the flow factor the Units Motion that the to flow of flow If to of Motion II Software Motion To apply the and with Apply The following displayed: that to then OK The to the and immediately. The to To The retained II to the To apply the and the OK The should the of or the flow. or or CAUTION
Characterization, and To the Unit Click the Units and the Unit or the and Unit Select the Unit that based Click to specify that of English Units or SI Units Click Next the to the displayed. Characterizing the Characterizing the the to the of the paired with. The characterization or the to flow, and to characterize If the and the together as then the already characterized. You to characterize the only the and the paired together the first Characterization The characterization that type: or Other to as Straight Tube and Curved Tube, respectively), as Table The Other includes Motion Table shows the location of each within II. The characterization the The of the of purchase. and of and and To the top button, the and Next To the and Next Then Reference Reference and the and Next If they The written to the If they as as to to the the then the
Characterization, and Table II Location K1 Configuration/Density K2 Configuration/Density FD Configuration/Density D1 Configuration/Density D2 Configuration/Density (DT) Configuration/Flow FCF and FT Configuration/Flow FCF Configuration/Flow FTG Configuration/T-Series FFQ Configuration/T-Series DTG Configuration/T-Series DFQ1 Configuration/T-Series DFQ2 Configuration/T-Series the section factors. On shown as TC. the section Flow the section Flow the section Flow II Software Motion Configuration/Density type Other
Characterization, and factors If D1 or D2 D1, the or D1 from the This the of the low-density Motion D2, the or D2 from the This the of the high-density Motion If K1 or K2 K1, the first of the factor. the this shown as K2, the of the factor. the this shown as If FD Motion service. If DT or TC the of the factor. the this shown as Flow to flow 6-character FCF and 4-character FT Both characterization, these as 10-character that includes II, this the the this the FCF and Flowcal other and
Characterization, and To the the FCF and the FT from the as shown below. the 10-character the as the FCF The should exactly as shown, including the required. other the 10-character the as the Flow The should exactly as shown, including the required. to characterize To characterize the the specify type and Apply each of the as to the as the previous the The based of reference. those of reference. This section information to the shipped with the and the Motion The shown to the II Software Motion Flow FCF X.XXXX FT X.XX
Characterization, and II options to The factory and normally to the field. the to Motion using factors, rather than to the to Motion service. includes the following only: and D1 (low-density) D2 (high-density) D3 (optional) D4 (optional)
Characterization, and the optional D3 and D4 the of the If choose to the D3 and D4 the D1 or D2 D3 both D3 and D4 (other than and the following To D1 and D2 To D3 or D3 and D4 the completely with the and there flow through the This accomplished closing the downstream from the then the with the D1 and D2 D1 (low-density) and D2 (high-density) You and If the D1 and the D2 D3 the D3 the following of of the of the D3 and the of The of the D3 or than the of D4 the D4 the following of of the of the D4 and the of the D3 The of the D4 greater than the of the D3 of the of the D4 and the of The of the D4 or than the of II Software Motion the D1 the D2 CAUTION CAUTION
Characterization, and D1 and D2 downstream from and with D1 of D1 light light with D2 of D2 light light
Characterization, and D3 or D3 and D4 downstream from II Software Motion with D3 of D3 light light with D4 of D4 light light
Characterization, and offset and The completed without interruption. To with low-temperature achieves thermal offset of low-temperature light light and with high-temperature achieves thermal of high-temperature light light
Characterization, and Compensating Motion the of the as the and to from There to If the known choose to the the software and If the operating significantly, choose to the updated from HART If that the and correction factors the flow the which the (which therefore the which there the factor). PSIG the correction factors and These as follows: Flow factor the the flow factor the Not or correction factors. the to used, the from the sheet then the the correction factor of information, Motion service. To and From the Preferences and that the checkbox checked. the and the the Flow factor factor and boxes. the the previous section. If II Software Motion If RFT9739, RFT9712 or IFT9701/03, to the the Click Apply Follow the instructions Section
Characterization, and If Compensating Motion to the the to If the known choose to the the software and If the operating significantly, choose to the updated from HART If or the that or If or the of the or the CTL (Correction of If that the and and that the to the that the To and From the Preferences and that the checked. If follow the instructions Section If and the the Click Apply that neither to allowed. Section the and the the the Click Apply that neither to allowed. Section
Characterization, and to or from These then API or other that or You or You that the wired HART Chapter or the To From the Preferences that the the The F C). Click the Polled the Polled these Polled the selection Polled automatically Polled required. II Software Motion To the that the checked. To the that the checked. Click Apply Click the arrow the Polling and HART from the Choose DP HART the might another acting as secondary HART Choose DP HART Secondary the might another acting as Click Apply Polling displayed the type the HART of the that Click the arrow the and Click Apply The the textbox the received from the the
Chapter This chapter to the Integrity This the of the to the measured the factory. as the or force the to and this as of performance. typically caused or Motion that Notes: To the paired with and the option To that installed, the the II This chapter the Integrity The which only to authorized service the To initiate the and Integrity This which through the process. First and The and shown This displays read-only information about the and about to this information and and
and II records the of the which II If already or this those previous clicking Previous this This the shown Notes: records the the the the HART ID, which the memory the factory. the the the the memory. Previous the the of these Therefore, the first that the the matches the the If necessary, the the of the Previous the which II If the from or from the the of these The Integrity directly affected of the displayed the Flow and Information boxes. of these the this information when to the factory specifications. Once the information, Next II Software Motion
Definition The Definition shown Definition This allows to about each This with the and appear the which the of the Notes: The optional. You to the these If the the of the the information this the the If to specify the of the the or type the of the If the II with the and it selection the the The It to the each and
Specification Uncertainty The of the of stiffness. The this This the and with II clicking the arrow the Uncertainty and selecting and installations, to the the commissioning, Motion recommends of This establish the The of should include expected and The of should the of specified If the commissioning than the to match to that the to around the to the of Once the information and the Next Third The shown allows to initiate and the process. II Software Motion
Conditions affected the To and to two-phase flow, flow. higher certainty, reduce or flow. If the aborted. If this the of the and the Notes: If the this to to of To Section that specified the of the displayed Once the started, the flow, and displayed this and updated the of the The and to throughout the The of the Integrity directly affected or affected of or of the These whether the and the They and unchanged, and otherwise. If red, information about the clicking the to the This information useful when to the factory specifications. The of these the You to the these red. ready to the II the following which to the the or the as as flow, and reported the of the To with their with the measured appear to that the of the and to to that the to the then OK to the and
The approximately four to the The the of the yellow and the shows the of the If the the aborted. The and why the completed. Correct the restarting the If to the the of the Abort The immediately, and the collected this At the of the the of the appear: The within the the Specification Uncertainty If and match factory the factory specifications flow and It expected that the the Click OK to the then Next to to the The within the the Specification Uncertainty The Counter displays the of that this The counter incremented each completed, whether the of The counter incremented the aborted, or the this counter the memory and the II incremented when from the or from another Therefore, conducted from the or from another the of from the of displayed the the II Software Motion and reported through the or the the of the To the of process: the of the that this Motion recommends that immediately the To to the and If the the the first If the the the flow the knowledge of to the type of and the action. These actions might include the from service and physically inspecting the At should flow and information these to the If to the to the then Next to to the CAUTION
Fourth The shown the of the The located the top of the the It the the and to the II shows the This allows to only whether the operating within where the within the specified each the shown as to the the and the outlet of the This shows the of this The rightmost the This history which to they become The of both the and the whether to the flow or Historical the which II If the from or from the the historical these and
You the graphed double-clicking the to or right-clicking to From there, the of (including to clicking finished the To the to the II Next To without The and the The shown displays of the II Software Motion
This the information the Definition as as information about the and operating the It indicates: If the or the If the Changed activated If the Changed activated The of that this the showing the and included. From this the the to to the To the The to the To the It to as HTML the and location that specify. The allows to the displayed the To the as below. To to the and the The the which II To and the The of the and appear the tests. and
II Software Motion
Chapter The allows of user-selected including and or such as spreadsheets further The shown To the the type of to and the of and the process. the To the Click the to the the the the Click the to and the location where the Specify Rate and to the of the If HART to Rate too high. On Motion as as and the to seconds The apply to HART/RS485 the to whether written to the the On buttons to specify the and spreadsheets spreadsheets To when change, each as as the started, only the If recorded. To continuously irrespective of whether or continuously to the the Rate
Starting and the function You and manually or automatically. To and manually, the and Stop buttons the of the To automatically, the and the then the To automatically, the and the Stop then the You these the function manually and to automatically. While the Statistics the continuously updated. The to If the automatically. ease of You to the and from the to to the To this, highlight the or then to You To this, and specify and location. You To this, and the and location of the You the to PC. To this, and and location. The of this matches the of the the They interchangeably. and
II Software Motion
Reference A.1 This of the that II The following shown: RFT9739, RFT9712, and IFT9701/9703 A-1) A-2) A-3) 2400S with A-4) 2400S with I/O A-5) 2400S with PROFIBUS-DP I/O A-6) A-7) Core and Enhanced A-8) MVD Direct I.S. A-9) instructions connecting II to Chapter and
Reference A.2 A-1 RFT9739, RFT9712, and IFT9701/9793 A-2 II Software Motion RFT9739 field-mount (PV+) (PV HART (RS-485/A) (RS-485/B) RFT9712 (RS-485/B) (RS-485/A) (PV+) (PV) (RS-485/A) (RS-485/B) RFT9739 rack-mount CN2 D22 Z22 (RS-485/A) (RS-485/B) D30 (PV) IFT9701 IFT9703 Z30 (PV+)
Reference A-3 A-4 2400S with Service HART HART (RS-485/B) The user interface shown with On without the HART and service located the the user interface. and (RS-485/A) (RS-485/B) and with the option board. interface (with cover interface Service (RS-485/A) Service (RS-485/B) Service (RS-485/A)
Reference A-5 2400S with I/O A-6 2400S with PROFIBUS-DP I/O II Software Motion With Without G/S Service (RS-485/A) With Without Service (RS-485/B) Service (RS-485/A) Service (RS-485/B) Service (RS-485/B) Service (RS-485/A) Service (RS-485/B) Service (RS-485/A)
Reference A-7 rack-mount field-mount Input/output terminals Input/output terminals Input/output terminals Card or with or or screw-type or terminals with I/O and
Reference A-8 Core A-9 MVD Direct I.S. II Software Motion Enhanced (RS-485/A) (RS-485/B) (RS-485/B) (RS-485/A) Non-I.S. terminals (RS-485/B) (RS-485/A)
the Batch Application B.1 About this This to the batch and information batch operation. information operating the batch the MVD The batch optional and To that the item the II II functionality the batch to the If HART only functionality B.2 About batching to flow, then flow when the amount of through the batch, flow and resumed. batch the reached. B.3 batch To the II Click the Batch The shown B-1 displayed. this and operation, including to batch while batch the batch to other To while batch Section B.3.1) and Apply options Section B.3.2) and Apply or Section B.3.3) and Apply CAUTION Batch
the Batch Application B-1 batch Click the IO or to B-2 displayed. this II Software Motion the operation, This the or the as to This operation, or three outputs: to the (required), to the secondary and to the (optional; only installation). You the that as required, whether or them and the manually). You to batch the Click Apply
the Batch Application B-2 IO If assign batch function to input or Section B.3.4. If the Batch AOC option, should batch AOC overshoot Batch AOC to the amount of overshoot batch. Section B.5. You optionally the batch and and options displayed the of the information and the B.3.1 Flow The flow the flow that batch Select of the B-1. and Batch Batch Batch Batch Index
the Batch Application B-1 Flow Flow Batch START appear input input from Motion IFT9701 or RFT9739 input from flow from from ED flow reference the software and to flow. ED flow only the software and to flow. ED flow flow reference flow the software and to flow. API corrected flow B.3.2 options The batch options to the batch process. options and Table B-2. options apply to batch Table B-2 options batch Select to the batch Select to the batch The to the Count If to the increases from to the If to the displayed from the to The of the Count option affects the It of If the Count to and AOC Select to Overshoot Compensation (AOC). batch AOC and batch AOC the batch the to the If AOC to batch AOC to the process. To batch AOC Section B.5. If to the the from the batch or the II If to the the batch when batch II Software Motion flow the correction factor only the and
the Batch Application Table B-2 options If to the batch when the the batch. If to the the batch batch. Several the batch. Section B.3.4. If the to and Select to the warning. warning and the selected to the warning. warning only, and operation. active batch Select to indication. and the selected the batch when the batch the than the amount. assigned to the IO the II If to the batch the of the timeout. to the batch as as the If the to and No-flow timeout The the batch or the batch inhibited while batch of to to seconds. assigned to using the IO the II of Specify or the Section of of to This the of to the right of the the operation 1.0000E9 If to the that the allowed to the timeout This only to the of from to which If the when the timeout the batch Select or Quantity. If to primary, secondary, primary, and as of the batch If to Quantity, and secondary each as which the should and each as that subtracted from the batch and Batch Batch Batch Batch
the Batch Application two-stage batching If of to or to the batch. the batch started, the or the the the or the secondary and when the Section B.3.3). If of to to the batch, and the following apply when the Both and secondary Either or secondary to Both to B.3.3 You to batch disabled, its Table B-3 the options To first the to then its B-3 Preset Preset Preset If to the batch selected Section B.4. If to the batch and selected. Preset of or the or the of the which the the this section. Either or secondary to If of these to the other to batch started, the assigned to Section B.3, of or the or the of the which the secondary secondary the this section. Either or secondary to If of these to the other to batch started, the secondary assigned to Section B.3, of or the subtracted from the or the of the which the the this section. The secondary when the achieved. batch started, the assigned to Section B.3, warning of or If as option, the subtracted from the or the of the which the warning the this section. assigned to the IO the II II Software Motion the that appear operation and selection of characters
the Batch Application Table B-3 Preset If selected as the that apply to this The batch based the that If as option, the amount the which batch indicated. the and should indicated assigned to the IO the II the which the batch completed. This of to This warning to This to batch started. Batch The following the batch batch of batch including the STOP and RESUME functions processing, the MVD the following and The The the of the batch and when The secondary when The when secondary warning Batch Batch Batch Batch Index
the Batch Application of the following B.3.4 Batch Batch three using the function buttons the the or the II Section B.4) assigning input to batch function assigning to batch function If input or assigned to batch function, the function when the input or On B-4 the batch To input or to batch function: the II and the The shown B-3 displayed. Select the batch function to Batch functions and B-4. Specify the which to the batch function: or You or actions to input or assigned actions as allowed the and of the batch II Software Motion The The the of the batch and when The secondary when The when Since of secondary Since secondary of warning Since warning of
the Batch Application B-3 and Batch Batch Batch Batch Index Index
the Batch Application B-4 Batch assignments Function assignment Assignment options ON actions Specify the that batch to the batch function: input Batch started. batch temporary Section the batch batch when recirculated. Section batch to batch Batch while batch or while batch batch the batch reached or the batch The batch to To Section B.3.2. batch that batch Counting from the which the batch the batch the and/or the Stop the batch. batch The batch the batch than the batch If as option, the the To or Section B.3.2. batch Batch and If the Batch function to input: that input the active If the input then becomes inactive, the batch automatically. If batch already when the becomes active, the batch affected. If the function to input: The while the input active. The incrementing when the input becomes inactive. If the input inactive, the active, whether or batch batch the incremented flow detected. II Software Motion batch started. Not batch attempted. the batch. The batch resumed. The batch the batch. Selects (as the the batch.
the Batch Application If the batch inhibited while batch the No-flow timeout batch option Section B.3.2) to timeout posted. the No-flow timeout batch option to timeout the timeout batch B.4 batch The II shown B-4, batch operation. It the functionality as the batch the B-4 Batch shown the top of the To specify the to from the the top of the and Apply The displayed. the of or to the from this To the and Apply To batch or batch the checkboxes and Apply of these the section. To and batch, the buttons. These assigned to or input Section B.3.4). of these Table B-4. of the batch shown the of the light that the associated active. and Batch Batch Batch Batch Index Index
the Batch Application B.5 Performing Batch AOC Batch AOC Overshoot Compensation) the as as to the batch the amount of overshoot. If batch AOC Section B.3.2), batch AOC to the process. Thereafter, batch AOC recommended: overshooting or undershooting of the If or If batch AOC batch AOC To batch AOC II: the Click AOC Press the The AOC Active light red, and while batch AOC batches. overshoot the II Software Motion