NOTE: included or to thick. Other Wall section to REMARQUE Co NOTA: incluyen o o Instructions and shelves shelves o Wall head At o o o o o To You from and inspect below.) Please instructions toutes instructions to o Cl Cl o At Co o At o Co o o o
Top top of each to to top of and of other of to each of with screws (provided) as shown. top of to bot of and top of fou of back and of and to lightly of assembled to of top. location of screw head each lightly from each location the as shown Pared ancho pared. tornillo to
3A and This to of or to and follow below). than the shelves or to shelves, allow If necessary, shelves with or inch shelves from that to walls. where spacers front of shelf 1A). to match of with or shelf wires. NOTE: foot closet. shelves, and as inches) to to of shelves and than locations as shown with 3A or 3B (or as shelves). locations measured from the or the locations as type Wall section No Locations Location Nous recommandons 1A). REMARQUE tous 3A 3B recommandations type section 1A 3B Locations hacer ancho ancho, o o 1A). o NOTA: 3A o 3B (o o anterior.
Wall Wall type Please the following instructions and to thick). and If or than thick, and screws than thick, off and to with Follow instructions instructions. to least screws rear from and anchorsmolly provided). Follow instructions instructions. WoodCarefully from screws provided). type boulons fournis). boulons fournies). type attaches shelves Short shelves each shelf, lightly each that firm to pared. o tornillos tornillos pared. tornillos and shelves to walls. Allow shelves to from from back to s s o s
Shelf top of from and wires as shown. back and ort each of shelf. shelves enclencher tous template front of shelf fits top U shelf. and through DO NOT PUNCH HOLES. and anchors anchors of to each each s NE PAS FA IRE DE TROUS AU POIN ON. o o U pared. USE TALADRO NICAMENTE.
Meas from the meas and and as Meas and the first as locations as shown. shelf only, locations measured from the WALL or previous to type Wall section). from each of and the of the shelf. shelf front 2A. wires and as shown. wires. 2B. to back of shelf. back of shelf front of shelf back other Corporation www.closetmaid.com plancher tous attaches MUR recommandations type section 2A. 2B. attaches Emerson S.A. C.V. of each and as shown. Press to Appuyer 2A 2B PARED o anterior. 2A. 2B. pared. (USA, SIDE VIEW VUE LATRALE VISTA LATERAL