Instruction P/N MMI-20011276, March Motion MVD
Motion, Inc. rights ELITE and and MVD and MVD Direct of Motion, Inc., Motion of Motion, Inc., The Motion and Emerson and service of Emerson other property of their respective owners.
You About this This to and the the Motion MVD platform or MVD This information installation, and of the or basic platform information and instructions, the Motion MVD and and Communication You with of the following tools: The II and higher II recommended) with the DD: Motion DD To or the NOC the or II This the of the flowcharts the throughout this and A. information II and to the platform, the Motion MVD and and and Table the to and the with the NOC Table the which the associated information provided. that to both You NOC the NOC
You Table and location the the to the I/O the Learn to the and security and the NOC NOC severity optional the NOC and Troubleshoot Motion service service, phone the the U.S.A., phone 800-522-MASS (toll-free) and America, Customers the U.S.A. Motion service Motion MVD phone other locations, the U.K., phone (toll-free) other locations, (The MVD (this MVD and and
Chapter NOC This chapter topics that should and of the platform with the NOC Introduction to the NOC Section NOC features and options Section This chapter includes: of that should Section of NOC terms and Section Introduction to the NOC NOC of Computer. the NOC software option that purchased three of the family: the the rack-mount and the field-mount with Motion the of two-phase or the of three-phase the NOC of Alternatively, the NOC from Section information the known, and flow If the The platform then its input. NOC Section architecture Section Operation Section Water and Section correction Section Section factors Section Remediation Section Section Remediation Section Section You NOC the NOC
NOC NOC The MVD NOC One MVD with the software option One Motion the or Optional the This with or without Remediation: the or the or from the Section architecture The MVD NOC with three-phase two-phase or of through These combinations. Motion MVD If implemented, third-party or Motion used. based flow. If Remediation implemented, Motion used.
NOC The NOC with two-phase optional and to the the input. Density-based used. there applied. NOC with two-phase Flowmeter Motion platform flow input) You NOC the NOC
NOC The NOC with three-phase optional and flow to the the input. the the or from this the The NOC to density-based or from the there applied. NOC with three-phase Motion MVD Motion Water platform input) Water (HART) Water
NOC The NOC implemented with (GLCC). the this Motion used, and and Remediation HART Density-based used. the This NOC with GLCC flow input) GLCC Motion platform TMR (HART) Motion TMR (HART) You NOC the NOC
NOC The NOC operates or Continuous to to that from routed through the and the NOC The three If than three as required. Continuous measured continuously. The NOC flow and the operation affects and Section From One to Other to Motion Continuous From Motion MVD To To Motion platform platform
NOC The following information each that tested or measured the NOC of from this reference and reference To the the should based rather than to of the from this reference and reference If the known: You of and laboratory and the the You or both Section the or routed through the user-specified and these to reference The these and You and NOC when well-specific known Section Water There options Density-based The NOC the applying the following Water to the directly, and the the HART Accordingly, HART the the NOC platform and the required. Water where: of the as measured the Motion of (user-supplied of (user-supplied You NOC the NOC
NOC NOC and options This section and options of the NOC correction correction to the of collected the to the reference The NOC correction to NOC the from the RTD built the Motion The MVD NOC of and as the to the of from The the or to this To the following information required: Flow factor the the flow To this the sheet and the factor the To this the and the the which the (which therefore the which there to the shipped with If the the that required. the and to the of the of and affected If and the reference of and as shown the below. Reference CompensationFactor where: The factor the as the of change. The factor 3.0E Motion MVD
NOC factors caused the of the flashing of or lowered the process. the or based The NOC includes factors: and The flow and flow measured the NOC the factor. the factors to to the factors, the location of the Motion process. Remediation (TBR) Remediation (TBR) of the NOC It to the TBR when the density-based used. If to directly, the through the density-based to NOC accuracy. shows the of Effect of (measured) of the the the threshold than three seconds, the TBR actions The below the threshold three seconds. You NOC the NOC
NOC To the to the threshold, this The NOC actions detected: Substituting previously measured the measured NOC (the option) the Additionally, to TBR Section The option the NOC to the measured from earlier the process. The earlier the The from three-second around this and this then NOC shows the action affects the If the to the NOC the as to from measured rather than option and (measured) Motion MVD (seconds)
NOC NOC If the NOC to flow the The connected to the platform the input The of reference and reference the NOC The Remediation option to of carry-over. the following section information TMR. If without TMR implemented, the or Motion If with TMR implemented, the Motion with carry-over Remediation Remediation (TMR) optional of the NOC It to flow carry-over the Additionally, because the to of and the as the the NOC the option of the back to the and from the This option of and from the to the the previous section, TMR from the TMR Accordingly, HART the the NOC and the TMR the from the TMR to carry-over. the user-specified threshold, to the The below the threshold. To the to the threshold, the TMR You NOC the NOC
NOC detected: The flow the seconds and as the TMR M1 where the the below the threshold than three seconds, the flow the seconds and as the TMR M2 The M1 and M2 then and the M3 as the flow the TMR of TMR. TMR The to existing NOC to: reference reference reference reference of reference factor factors allows to NOC reference known, and then the NOC when the reference or of the You of the tests, and the archive records. or archive the The Motion MVD M1 flow flow M3 of M1 and M2) M2
NOC the following: Only the hours of based snapshot typically than the which based the This section of that should of the Software and the NOC These to of the NOC They basic the clock, this to or to of If testing, what tested? what density-based or If using what its that measured: HART of the following: or TMR If the include If TBR If what as the TBR threshold? TMR If what as the TMR threshold? If what the to If factors, what the to What the reference If known, What the reference If known, only) What the What the HART of the the wired to HART with the the input wired to the What the reference of the reference and You NOC the NOC
NOC NOC terminology The terms NOC and Table These terms of and locations throughout the NOC NOC and NOC Definition The of the and the as measured the NOC If TMR carry-over implemented, this includes and from the only, measured corrected to reference with the factor applied. If TMR carry-over implemented, this includes from the Water of corrected to reference with the factor applied. Uncorrected of operating Water only, corrected to reference with the factor applied. If TMR carryover implemented, this includes from the flow Uncorrected flow through the Uncorrected only, through the or measured with corrections applied. applied. correction and factors applied. Uncorrected Water only, through the or measured with corrections applied. applied. correction and factors applied. Uncorrected flow from the or of the with corrections applied. Carry-over and the and back to the and the of the the NOC from flow from the Flow as measured the of Rolling from the of the Rolling from the of the Motion MVD
Chapter the and About this chapter This chapter to the and the through the the and the and and NOC operations from the Performance and other functions the and Performance the its testing, the approximately seconds. the completed: The Motion displayed to three seconds. displayed to three seconds. The and the Performance displayed, as shown There of this whether the NOC or NOC operations from this If there active the displayed the To acknowledge, or to the Performance Continuous Performance Meas Production Meas SEL HELP EXIT Performance Meas SEL HELP EXIT You NOC the NOC
the and functions The allows to and The allows to and the process. The Performance shown of the and high-level of these More the NOC and and flowcharts the with the NOC A. Performance Meas Communication Active Motion MVD Security Active history inventory performance Security only with the with the and the option purchased. Applications LCD options
the and To the To the the Security The Security the right of the with You or to the following section). To from the Performance to the the EXIT Accessing You the Security to from the the Security pressed: If security the immediately. security If security prompted to There Both of of four To Press the four buttons the Press SEL To and security, Chapter Shortcuts From the to the security or the pressing the Security as the section. to the operating screen the Security button, then pressing the EXIT the function buttons The the of the the function buttons. The functions the buttons the and the of the The function currently assigned to the displayed the the The buttons to as F1, F2, and F3. the functions the NOC The and right as function buttons. If shown the the action the function to the item where the located. function the located correctly. Section The to the displayed. The to the the displayed. You NOC the NOC
the and Function Security SEL HELP EXIT F1 function SEL Select the highlighted item CHG to the highlighted item SAVE YES Proceed with action ACK Acknowledge START or STOP Stop or RESET or PAUSE (Continuous NOC RESUME NOC NEXT RETURN to CLEAR Clear OK Acknowledge Motion MVD ALARMS DEVICE F2 function button HELP RESET START VIEW PRINT NEXT to the ACKALL Acknowledge F3 function VIEW Access the EXIT to or NO action PREV to the ABORT Abort F3 function F1 function
the and the buttons The the around the the highlight the and to the the item to or locating the the SEL or CHG or the Right to or the Selecting from CHG from which choose the option. From that Press SAVE to the and to the or Press EXIT or the button to to the without If to the of the appears as character the If the of or buttons the If the or character the and to increase or the of the character the If the than or character, the and Right buttons to the to the or previous character. the correct, SAVE Press EXIT to to the without Cursor shows typical both item and Pressing HELP that the item the that than the or that the of the floating type. the would as 1.234E6 or You NOC the NOC
the and Cursor item Indicates items to selection highlighted selection Motion MVD Units Cutoff CHG HELP EXIT Units Cutoff SAVE HELP EXIT EXIT to up/Scroll SELECT down/Scroll Increase or YES/NO to right Decrease or YES/NO
Chapter the NOC Application About this chapter This chapter to the NOC and The following topics discussed: Section Section Section Remediation Section Section Remediation Section Performing Section to the Section the recommended to the NOC NOC to other NOC To NOC follow the instructions Section or Section (Continuous to Performance the Performance shown to and NOC The Performance through the option of the To the Chapter Section Section You NOC the NOC
the NOC Application Performance of operation Reference Continuous Units Water Water To the NOC the following required: of Operation to or Reference to the reference to the NOC If Continuous the to the the to measured. of these Motion MVD Action Carry-Over HART Press Factors Factor Factor Water Displayed Displayed the Remediation option purchased. or continuously. function to the and of the to Each and separately. Performance Meas to to to to Water Reference Press Reference Deviation Water Deviation Duration Water Duration
the NOC Application If Motion the which they tested. the first to tested should the should and If this, the NEXT function to to the automatically. Table only) to this The of characters, including The of from this reference and reference density-based used. Section Water The of from this reference and reference only density-based used. Section reference (Used implemented) The of from this reference and reference Reference PSI The reference to to only) The started. Used to allow the to from the The readings If the than the the restarted. Section Water The readings If the than the the restarted. Section The seconds, Section Water The seconds, Section the shown to or of If Water required. Section the shown to or If required. Section the to the to Assign to the the to the the to measured. Table of these the The factor to the reference of the of Section You You You You NOC NOC NOC NOC the the the the NOC NOC NOC NOC
the NOC Application the the as If outputs, outputs, or the to NOC To this, to the MVD and and and: Table NOC to NOC TBR Uncorrected Uncorrected Uncorrected flow flow flow back ON TBR active; OFF TBR inactive. Motion MVD Remediation Section of this and Section instructions. Remediation Section of this and Section instructions. Compensated Section of this and Section instructions. Factors Section of this To factors, them to Assign the to the NOC Table other as Can assigned to
the NOC Application If the severity of the NOC The of the NOC other the platform, they three severity Info, and To the NOC the instructions the MVD and and Table NOC A136 The off Info least seconds. A138 TBR Active The the TBR threshold. A137 Continuous than A139 Water The measured the the Water A140 TMR Active The the TMR threshold. Affected timeout Info Info Info Info severity You You You You NOC NOC NOC NOC the the the the NOC NOC NOC NOC
the NOC Application If the to NOC Instructions the the MVD and and The following NOC assigned to the The to other such as This to and Motion MVD Water Uncorrected Water Water Uncorrected Rate Uncorrected Uncorrected Inventory Uncorrected Water Rate Uncorrected Water Uncorrected Water Inventory Flow Rate Flow Flow Inventory Flow Rate Inventory Water Flow Rate Water Water Inventory Rate Inventory Flow Rate Inventory
the NOC Application If that the correctly and tested, and to the as input, as Section If specify Water the measured this posted. Motion this to the highest To the the to HART the and the as follows: To that received, the as shown or that the displayed matches the the To the as Section and and and/or as Sections and The both of the To the HART the and the as follows; that the wired to HART and that HART to the Select Configuration>Inputs>External and: To the to the and the that the wired to HART and that HART to the From the shown Select or Polling Polling to as or as Secondary Polled to Water Specify the of the to polled. Select or to as or as Secondary Polled to the of the to polled. Units to the the You You You You NOC NOC NOC NOC the the the the NOC NOC NOC NOC
the NOC Application and To and the Press to the factor to to the of the Press to To Select Configuration>Inputs>External and: Remediation To TBR: the and: If to TBR Section To and that the correctly and tested, and to the that the NOC that the wired to the input of the platform. At the platform, the input and as the MVD and and the Motion MVD Select the Polling that Compensation to Flow Factor Factor and to the Section to the that this To the to this the Performance Production Action to the action. to the of seconds that the back to to Section Units to the to
the NOC Application the Reference to the reference of the from this To that received, the as shown or that the displayed matches the the Remediation To TMR: that Motion the and that operating correctly. Follow the instructions Section to and At the TMR that the of the wired to HART and establish HART to the TMR to the and: To that received, the as shown or (Continuous Performing from Section Determination from the Continuous the shown displayed. the selection shown first. selected, the shown displayed. The shows the and of the and procedures to this If choose to the Procedure Selection shown displayed. If both and typically to the first. the to measured each to measured the (the the to HART (software the to the that this To the to the TMR to the of seconds which the flow Carry-Over as If to the and from the to the and from the HART to the HART of the TMR You You You You NOC NOC NOC NOC the the the the NOC NOC NOC NOC
the NOC Application Procedure Selection Performing There and The enough the to supply flowing the If there enough the This section instructions both Motion MVD Determination Water YES NO Determination Water Water SEL HELP EXIT
the NOC Application To that the flowing through the You to the outlet from the and the phases to then the From the and through the the Procedure Selection displayed. to the which the From the Procedure Selection Water From the and The shows the flowrate, and the Water Deviation and Water Duration the and the and readings to The Water Deviation and Water Duration shown read-only. If to them, the Section (Optional) Press RESET to the to This to the amount of that the the known). to Top of of Measure Water PSI START RESET EXIT the and readings START The NOC the and of the achieved. If the automatically, to or increase the Water Deviation that, the Water Duration readings than the Water Deviation If the exceeded, restarted. Measure Rate Water Deviation Water Duration START RESET EXIT You You You You NOC NOC NOC NOC the the the the NOC NOC NOC NOC
the NOC Application the achieved, the shown to This displays the reference and the and and which this Motion MVD this the shown displayed. (The or displayed.) You STOP to the You to the previous --AVERAGING-- Water PSI STOP To the from this EXIT You to the Procedure Selection From this the or EXIT to the and to other To the with the SAVE Measure and Watr Water SAVE HELP EXIT
the NOC Application If and from the of the displayed, with the reference To the with from the to tested, and the phases from the of the or from the the and allow the to to Measure the and of the and thermometer. From the Determination and through the the Procedure Selection displayed. to the which the From the Procedure Selection Water From the Manually The displays to showing the reference and the reference this Press SAVE to the as the reference Press EXIT to the existing reference the of the the shown the of the the shown then CHG Water Water Water CHG EXIT You You You You NOC NOC NOC NOC the the the the NOC NOC NOC NOC
the NOC Application The NOC the to reference and displays to This displays the reference and the and which this Performing To that the flowing through the You to from the From the and through the the Procedure Selection displayed. to the which the From the Procedure Selection The shown displayed. Motion MVD To the with the SAVE To the from this EXIT You to the Procedure Selection From this the or EXIT to the and to other Manually Water Water Current SAVE HELP EXIT
the NOC Application to Top of of PSI START RESET EXIT The shows the and flowrate the Deviation and Duration the and the and readings to The Deviation and Duration shown read-only. If to them, the Section (Optional) Press RESET to the to This to the amount of that the the known). the reading that that flowing through the START The NOC the and of the achieved. If the automatically, to or increase the Deviation that, the Duration readings than the Deviation If the exceeded, restarted. this the shown displayed. You STOP to the You to the previous Rate Deviation Duration START RESET EXIT You You You You NOC NOC NOC NOC the the the the NOC NOC NOC NOC
the NOC Application If using the density-based of the the this then the of the You to the The of this directly affects the of the NOC to and the achieved, the shown the to Motion MVD --AVERAGING-- Water STOP If this optional. You the measured the or from the To the from this EXIT You to the Procedure Selection From this the or EXIT to the and to other To with this SAVE
the NOC Application If from the displayed. If and from the of the displayed, with the reference This overwrite the If neither OK You to the Procedure Selection At this At the Procedure Selection Water The shown displayed, with the and of the Measure and Rate SAVE HELP EXIT Press SAVE to this The reference of from this then computed and displayed, with the Press SAVE to the reference of Press EXIT to the Press EXIT to from the Press SAVE to the as the reference Press EXIT to the existing reference If density-based through with If and the and the reference of the and apply as through You You You You NOC NOC NOC NOC the the the the NOC NOC NOC NOC
the NOC Application Water the measured then SAVE Select then SEL The NOC this to the to reference and displays to This displays the reference and the and which this Procedure Motion MVD Water Water Apply to CHG EXIT To the with the SAVE then YES to confirm. To the from this EXIT You to the Procedure Selection From this the or EXIT to the and to other SAVE HELP EXIT
Chapter NOC About this chapter This chapter to the NOC to or The following topics Continuous Additionally, this chapter instructions Section testing The Performance the shown and to tests. and manually (or Modbus). the and the and You to three If each overwrite the testing Section Section Section and Section Other activity Section Section Continuous Section Section and Continuous Section and Section Other activity Section archive records Section Section NOC Troubleshooting
NOC Performance Selecting the Selection Motion MVD Performance Meas to to to to Production Meas to Displayed only Displayed the Remediation option purchased. Selection to to to to Water Flow Water Flow Flow TMR Flow TMR Uncorrected Flow EXIT
NOC Performance the Stop YES NO Stop Started Hour Selects testing from Selection On Started Hour STOP Rate Rate Water Water Rate Rate RETURN NEXT EXIT to START this START VIEW to EXIT VIEW CURRENT Production Meas Water Flow Water Flow Flow TMR Flow TMR Uncorrected Flow EXIT RETURN EXIT from EXIT to VIEW TESTS selection SEL Displayed and Displayed Displayed the Remediation option purchased. NOC Operation Troubleshooting
NOC To that the NOC and that the shown shown records of The written to memory every These Therefore, meaningful that the than that the include snapshots. background information the Section the You VIEW to You EXIT to: the To another the START then YES to To the (as the NEXT then the as To the EXIT At and completed Motion MVD From the Performance Select to the to tested. Press START The displayed, showing the and the To the STOP then YES to confirm. The written to memory. the Section to the From the EXIT to to the
NOC You the You or and assigning them to or To the from the On The displayed. Definition flow or include carry-over, TMR from the of the or include carry-over, TMR density-based or from the from the of the flow of the through the NOC or include TMR carry-over TMR include flow of from the of the or include TMR carry-over TMR include of the of the from the To the or the Production You this from The Performance The On The Production as Production other as TMR as Table NOC Troubleshooting
NOC Table Definition flow or include carry-over, TMR from the of the or include carry-over, TMR from the of the flow of from the of the or include TMR carry-over TMR include from the of the or include TMR carry-over TMR include and that the and that the and that TBR active Water (Water only) and that the the Water and that TMR active Production Water flow flow TMR Uncorrected Uncorrected Uncorrected Uncorrected Uncorrected Motion MVD
Operation NOC Table Production and and Water and Hours and TMR Definition flow from the 2-phase of and the TMR TMR of the TMR carry-over of the TMR (2-phase TMR carry-over of TMR Water carry-over of TMR Hours and that TMR active and the and each from the of the the the with the Other activity tests, the to the Performance and the While the the to to the and the From the At from the including the Security to the and The or other However, actions the and with If to or the the or the NOC Troubleshooting
NOC You You the or tests. To to and to the to Select and as You or of the If the finished EXIT Select the following displayed: To the of the finished, EXIT At this or the of the the following: based the records written the records hours of If the than hours, snapshots Accordingly, the only to from the hours of the You each and each than once. If and the the existing to or the existing record, required, the the TMR carry-over If carry-over to the and the TMR carry-over included the Motion MVD Press OK to and the this Press OK to To the of the then EXIT written to the of this and the shown The with the and the REC. To the of the EXIT
NOC Definition Reference Reference to Water Reference of from this Water Reference of to Reference of from this Reference of to Press factor Press factor to Reference Reference to Reference of from this Reference of to Factor factor from this Factor factor to Factor Water factor from this Factor Water factor to If the the the the when the stopped. Continuous as as the and or as as the Continuous You and Continuous and the summary archive records that from the of the Continuous to the the written. archive records archive records Continuous from the Performance the shown Reference NOC NOC Troubleshooting Index
NOC Performance Production Meas Water Flow Water Flow Flow TMR Flow TMR Uncorrected Flow Displayed Displayed the Remediation option purchased. Displayed only and Section Displayed only the function information, and Section Motion MVD Rate Water Rate Average/Total Water Production Meas Archives Performance Meas RESUME PAUSE EXIT Hour Hour PAUSE Production PAUSE Hour RESUME
NOC Continuous To basic from Continuous the shown from the Table You Continuous or and assigning them to or Table Continuous Definition flow from the of Continuous or from the or include carry-over, TMR from the of or from the or include carry-over, TMR from the of Continuous or from the density-based or from the flow of from the of Continuous or from the or include TMR carry-over TMR include from the of Continuous or from the or or include TMR carry-over TMR include of of or the and this and that TBR active Water (Water only) and that the the Water Hours and that and that TMR active To the Production shown This Production other as Table TMR as NOC Troubleshooting
NOC Table Production Production Water flow flow TMR Uncorrected Uncorrected Uncorrected Uncorrected Uncorrected Table TMR Continuous Definition flow from the 2-phase of and the TMR TMR of the TMR carry-over of the TMR (2-phase TMR carry-over of TMR Water carry-over of TMR and that TMR active and Continuous the option shown to and Continuous While collected, displayed, or and or inventory updated. You and as often as wish. Motion MVD Inventory
NOC and Continuous and from the of Continuous Inventory from the of or HART You the these To once: To only: Not individually. If the displayed, the allow that At Continuous the of the summary to archive record. To this, SAVE from the Performance as shown The archive then or to three archive records Archive records the Archive records of The written to memory every These Therefore, meaningful that the Continuous than that the archive include snapshots. the relationship snapshots, and archive records. and of Continuous Archive Record Record Select from the Performance shown Press the RESET that then YES to to the where the displayed. Press the RESET that Snapshots Archive Record Overwrites Archive Record NOC Operation Troubleshooting
NOC Other activity Continuous the EXIT the Performance to the and the From the At from the the Security to the and The or other procedures. actions the and with If to or If archive record. the or the archive records To archive records, to and: Select Archives from the Performance Specify the archive to Select or the to Motion MVD
NOC Archive records Continuous Archives REC Water Flow Water Flow Flow TMR Flow TMR Uncorrected Flow Displayed Displayed only Displayed the Remediation option purchased. Performance Meas Reference Water Water Press Press Factor Factor Factor Water Factor Water EXIT Water Flow Water Flow Flow Uncorrected Flow NOC Troubleshooting
NOC Continuous To to and: Select from the Performance Specify the archive to Select and as Table You or of the If assign the finished EXIT Select the following displayed: To the of the finished, EXIT At this or the of the the following: based the records written the Continuous records hours of If the than hours, Accordingly, the to from the hours of the You each archive record, and each archive than once. If and the the existing to or Modbus) the existing record, required, another TMR carry-over If carry-over to the and the TMR carry-over included the Motion MVD Press OK to and the this Press OK to To the of the then EXIT written to archives, and the Archives option Section The displayed with the and the REC, as shown To the of the EXIT
NOC Continuous Definition Reference Reference to Water Reference of Water Reference of to Reference of Reference of to Press factor Press factor to Reference Reference to Reference of from this Reference of to Factor factor Factor factor to Factor Water factor Factor Water factor to If the the the displayed the when the archive from to Continuous or from to affects and To follow the instructions this section. To from to If when the or recalculations. from the while the Record or to of to Continuous To from to If archive record. or Continuous from the while the Record or to of to Reference NOC NOC Troubleshooting
Motion MVD
Chapter and Troubleshooting About this chapter This chapter information the associated with the NOC information or troubleshooting the platform, the MVD and and NOC associated with the NOC with and information other the MVD and and actions A136 The off least seconds. action required. A137 action If A138 TBR Active The the TBR threshold and the TBR action implemented. A139 Water The measured the action required. the Water A140 TMR active The from the TMR action required. the TMR threshold. action required. NOC Troubleshooting
Motion MVD
Flowcharts A.1 This flowcharts the when the NOC A-1 A-2 top A-3 A-4 through A-7 A-8 A.2 and The whether the NOC Continuous or as shown A-1. information using these NOC operation Chapter From of this A-1 Performance Meas Production Meas To the the EXIT function flowcharts Section A.3. To the the Security flowcharts Section A.4. Continuous EXIT Performance Meas EXIT NOC Troubleshooting
Flowcharts A.3 A-2 shows the A-2 Active LCD Pickoff Right Pickoff Motion MVD Screen Screen LCD Backlight Performance Meas Inventory Applications I/O Core Inventory Inventory Inventory
Flowcharts A.4 The A-3 through A-8: A-3 shows the top of the the Security and A-4 through A-7 the that the Communication to the of the A-8 shows the A-3 Top Security and Security following following Security Protect NOC Troubleshooting
Flowcharts A-4 Severity Flow Flow Flow Direction Units Flow Cutoff Flow Units Flow Cutoff Units Units Units Cutoff High Duration Units Motion MVD Core FCF FTG FFQ D14 K14 FD DT DTG DFQ1DFQ2 Factor Factor Factor option displayed connected to The displayed the type. displayed Scaling Displayed only Polled Flow Rate Units Scaling Flow K-factor Flow D12 K12 FD Factor Factor Factor Factor Polled Compensation Units Flow Factor Factor Polarity Information
Flowcharts A-5 of Units Water Water Displayed of Displayed the Remediation option purchased. Performance Action Carry-Over HART Press Factors Factor Factor Water Reference to to to to Water Reference Press Reference Deviation Water Deviation Duration Water Duration NOC Troubleshooting
Flowcharts A-6 HI PV LO PV Polarity Assignment Indication Flow Switch Source Flow Switch Either or both displayed, Displayed only Assignment Flow Switch. One to both and Scaling Motion MVD Indication Condition Meas Timeout Assignment Flow Cutoff Seconds of Flow Source Scaling Flow Polarity Indication Meas Timeout
Flowcharts A-7 HART QV HART ID Command Communication RTU, ASCII RS-485 HART RTU ASCII Rate Parity Stop RS-485 Selection Pre Footer Footer Rate Parity Chars to Active History Audit NOC Troubleshooting
Flowcharts A-8 Active History Inventory Inventory Inventory Inventory Motion MVD Flow Rate Factory D1 High D2 Flowing High Displayed only Displayed Displayed the option Uncertainty Counter