Motion with and and MMI-20019023, AA March
throughout this to and each proceeding to the Motion service Location Telephone U.S.A. 800-522-MASS free) and America (U.S.A.) U.K. (toll-free) other locations other locations (The
Started and covered this Started
Started Motion with
About this and and Topics covered this chapter: About this Communications and Additional and This information to and troubleshoot the Motion This that the correctly and completely, to the instructions the and that the with the the The of the following 1500D**A****** DIN railmount option board You to interface with the Several and supported. You locations or
Communications and related information Table tions Supported this information II III Additional and Motion with Complete and Service Complete and Service Complete and You to other from Emerson such as AMS or the Wireless THUM of AMS or the Wireless THUM this The AMS interface to the II interface. information the Wireless THUM to the www.micromotion.com Motion to the and operation of the Additional and Table Topic Motion and information. information. information. C with On Motion CD On Motion with On Motion CD On Motion Motion tion.com
and Additional and (continued) Table Topic tion the Motion www.micromotion.com or the Motion CD. the shipped with the or the from the Motion www.micromotion.com
Motion with
the and Topics covered this chapter: the to the Characterize the required) the The and or that and covers and closed. CAUTION! To of or atmospheres, that covers and tightly closed. installations, applying while housing covers or Turn the the supply. The this active. The should seconds. The LED when the If the LED Although the ready to shortly the to to reach thermal Therefore, this the or off enough to allow to reach allow the to approximately relying this or the that action or that accuracy. seconds the to
reported LED Table LED active. You with or One or low-severity active. low-severity or You with or If choose, and the One or high-severity active. high-severity affects meas- and output the to the Motion with Immediately the through and the A009 active. This should clear when the the LED the information the of active Section information and Section To the active from Follow this to first to the the type to and follow the instructions that type the the shown the type to Instructions II III HART C (Optional) the to To the II: with or meas-
Characterize the required) and To the parity, or choose RS-485 To the choose To the III, choose To the using the choose If the type that the when write the to the the II Flow III Characterize Characterizing the to match the of the paired with. The characterization the to flow, and type, Motion the or the If as already characterized the factory. should the characterization Procedure Specify Straight-tube Curved-tube the flow characterization to include straight-tube FCF Flow or Flow Factor FTG and FFQ
Sources and characterization Motion with curved-tube Flow Flow Factor the characterization straight-tube D1 D2 DT DTG K1 K2 FD DFQ1 and DFQ2 curved-tube D1 D2 TC K1 K2 and FD TC shown as DT characterization differently. On the the shown the following curved-tube curved-tube straight-tube (T-Series): straight-tube curved-tube
and curved-tube straight-tube straight-tube
Motion with (D1, D2, K1, K2, FD, DT, TC) If D1 or D2 D1 the or D1 from the This the of the low-density Motion If or D1 D2 the or D2 from the This the of the high-density Motion If or D2 If K1 or K2 K1 the first of the factor. the this shown as K2 the of the factor. the this shown as If FD Motion service. If DT or TC the of the factor. the this shown as Flow (FCF, FT) to flow 6-character FCF and character FT Both characterization, these as or as 10-character The 10-character Flowcal or FCF If shows the FCF and the FT and to the to the If shows Flowcal or FCF and to the FCF and the FT the FCF The first characters, including the FT The characters, including the Concatenating FCF and FT FCF FT Flow the or FCF Flow FCF FT
the the using II and to that the flow the You to the with II and the Flow Rate the to the with III and the Flow Rate the to the with the and the Flow Rate the If the reported flow the characterization the troubleshooting Section the the to installation, or The the of flow, and to the the If the within reasonable the the Performing accuracy. the the to installation, or field the factory than the field the of the following The The the II or
the III Motion with the or the high-severity active. Correct the then the or the You the or the severity active. Procedure the Allow the to least applying the through the the reaches the operating Stop through the the downstream and then the that the that flow and that the completely of Choose and and the If the Confirm that the completely that and that the completely of that the flashing or condensing, and that that the If the instructions the Section flow through the the the the to installation, or field accuracy. the factory than the field the of the following The The the III with Patch or release
Terminology with and Terminology with and Table Definition the offset to the and the right of flow. Unit microseconds. Factory The obtained the factory, laboratory The obtained the factory. The the the field the factory or field The the typically obtained from It manually. mechanical or and the or the high-severity active. Correct the then the or the You the or the severity active. Procedure the Allow the to least applying the through the the reaches the operating Stop through the the and then the that the that flow and that the completely of Choose and and the If the Confirm that the completely that and that the completely of that the flashing or condensing, and that that the If the instructions the Section through the the
Terminology with and Table Definition The bidirectional flow with flow or flow plied. only when the flow matically Unit flow laboratory-derived to the expected laboratory flow, the expected to within the the and Statistically, of should within the the The to the The which the Unit seconds. of the the Unit to the and whether or field Motion with
II and and covered this Introduction to and options and the with the Completing the and commissioning
and Motion with
Introduction to and commissioning and covered this chapter: and writeprotection the the factory the following as to the and process. options apply to installation. information the of this If using the Measures and required. Introduction to and commissioning
Introduction to and options and flow type flow (optional) Motion with with the the output(s) the the and to or using write-protection
and write-protection the the factory and Section D.1 to the and the commonly II Protection III Write-Protection Info Info Protect If the write-protected, the and the write-protected. Write-protecting the to It You write-protection, then write-protection. II Factory III Factory Restoring the factory the to known This Restoring the factory action. You to Motion to there to Introduction to and
Introduction to and Motion with
flow Flow Unit and covered this chapter: flow flow (GSV) flow Flow Direction The flow flow and reported. The flow Flow Unit Flow Flow Cutoff II Flow Flow Units III Flow Flow Flow Unit Flow Unit the of that the flow The and inventory from this Procedure Flow Unit to the to The Flow Unit second). If the to
Flow Unit Unit hour hour tons tons hour mTon/hr mTon/hr tons hour lbs/hr Short tons pounds) sTon/hr sTon/hr STon/h Short tons pounds) hour Short tons pounds) tons pounds) hour lTon/hr lTon/hr LTon/h tons pounds) Motion with Flow Unit The of Flow Unit the II III flow II Units III Flow Units Units Units
and of that allows to and inventory that the from existing factor. Procedure Unit Unit the existing that the based Specify Unit Unit the existing that the based Flow Conversion Factor as follows: Flow Conversion Factor Flow Conversion Factor Flow to the to the flow to the to the and inventory The the You the to the flow You to ounces Unit to Pounds Unit to Seconds Flow Conversion Factor Flow Conversion Factor Flow Conversion Factor to Flow to to
Flow Motion with II Flow Flow III Flow Flow Flow to smooth fluctuations the seconds) which the the reported At the of the the reported of the the measured Procedure Flow to the to The seconds. The the type and the of Rate as shown the following Core type Rate Flow Normal to seconds Enhanced to seconds high the appear smoother the reported slowly. the appear the quickly. The of high and flow increased Whenever the the reported the because the reported there chance of and the and the reported Motion Flow to or higher. The rounded to the shown the following to seconds
Flow Cutoff and Flow Table Rate Core type Normal Enhanced Not of Flow Flow affects Flow affects The from the flow Interaction Flow and both Flow and to the Flow the of the of reported the If to Flow Rate and both Flow and to flow first, and the to the of the first II Flow Flow Cutoff III Flow Flow Flow Cutoff Flow Cutoff the lowest flow that reported as measured. flow rates below this reported as Procedure Flow Cutoff to the to The Flow Cutoff or the factory. The recommended of the rated flow or below the highest expected Flow Cutoff to
Motion with Effect of Flow Cutoff Flow Cutoff from the rather than the reported Interaction Flow Cutoff and AO Cutoff Flow Cutoff the lowest flow that the as measured. AO Cutoff the lowest that the If to Flow Rate the reported the the higher of the Flow Cutoff affects reported and other flow). AO Cutoff affects only flow the Cutoff interaction with AO Cutoff than Flow Cutoff Flow Rate Flow Rate AO Cutoff Flow Cutoff If the flow below flow as and internal processing. Cutoff interaction with AO Cutoff higher than Flow Cutoff Flow Rate Flow Rate AO Cutoff Flow Cutoff If the flow below below The flow. The the flow and the flow internal processing. If the flow below both flow, and internal processing.
Flow Flow Unit and The flow measured and reported. The flow Flow Flow Unit Flow Cutoff Restriction You both and the You choose or the other. II Flow Flow III Flow GSV Flow Flow whether or used. Procedure Flow to II Flow Flow Units III Flow Flow Flow Unit Flow Unit the of that the The the and inventory based this
Flow Unit Table Unit ft3/sec ft3/sec hour hour US US U.S. U.S. US US U.S. hour US US US US U.S. US US U.S. hour Motion with Flow Unit that Flow to Procedure Flow Unit to the to The Flow Unit second). If the to Flow Unit The of Flow Unit the II III
Flow Unit Table Unit hour hour hour Unit based U.S. Unit based U.S. U.S. and II III flow II Units III Flow Units Units Units of that allows to and inventory that the from existing using factor. Procedure Specify Unit Unit the existing that the based Specify Unit Unit the existing that the based Flow Conversion Factor as follows:
Flow Cutoff Motion with Flow Conversion Factor Flow Conversion Factor Flow to the to the to the to the and inventory The the You the to the flow You to flow Unit to Unit to Seconds the factor: Flow Conversion Factor Flow Conversion Factor to Flow to to II Flow Flow Cutoff III Flow Flow Flow Cutoff Flow Cutoff the lowest flow that reported as measured. flow rates below this as Procedure Flow Cutoff to the to The Flow Cutoff second). The The the flow factor, of
(GSV) and Interaction Flow Cutoff and AO Cutoff Flow Cutoff the lowest flow that the as measured. AO Cutoff the lowest that reported the If to Flow Rate the flow reported the the higher of the Flow Cutoff affects both the flow reported the outputs and the flow other the flow). AO Cutoff affects only flow reported the Cutoff interaction with AO Cutoff than Flow Cutoff Flow Rate Flow Rate AO Cutoff Flow Cutoff If the below flow as and processing. Cutoff interaction with AO Cutoff higher than Flow Cutoff Flow Rate Flow Rate AO Cutoff Flow Cutoff If the flow below below The flow. The output the flow and the internal processing. If the flow below both flow, and internal processing. The (GSV) flow measured and reported.
Flow Motion with The GSV Flow Flow Unit Flow Cutoff Restriction You both and flow the You choose or the other. II Flow Flow III Flow GSV Flow Flow whether or used. Procedure Flow to II Flow III Flow GSV The to the measured flow to the reference that Unit to the to Procedure to the reference of the
Flow Unit Unit Table Unit Nm3/sec Nm3/sec Nm3/sec Normal Normal Nm3/sec Normal hour Normal and II and III that to the of know II Flow Flow Units III Flow GSV GSV Flow Unit Flow Unit the of that the flow The the and the inventory from this Flow Unit that Flow to Procedure Flow Unit to the to The Flow Unit SCFM If the to Flow Unit The of Flow Unit the II III
Unit Table Unit NLPS NLPS NLPS Normal NLPM NLPM NLPM Normal Normal hour NLPH NLPH NLPH Normal NLPD NLPD NLPD SCFS SCFS SCFS SCFM SCFM SCFM hour SCFH SCFH SCFH SCFD SCFD SCFD hour SLPS SLPS SLPS SLPM SLPM SLPM hour SLPH SLPH SLPH SLPD SLPD SLPD Motion with II III flow II Units III Flow Units Units GSV Units of that allows to and inventory that the from existing factor. Procedure Specify Unit
Flow Cutoff and Unit the existing that the based Specify Unit Unit the existing that the based Flow Conversion Factor as follows: Flow Conversion Factor the Flow Conversion Factor Flow to the to the to the to the and inventory The the You the to the flow You to flow thousands of Unit to SCFM Unit to the factor: thousands of Flow Conversion Factor Flow Conversion Factor to Flow to KSCFM to KSCF II Flow Flow Cutoff III Flow GSV GSV Cutoff Flow Cutoff the lowest flow that reported as measured. rates below this reported as
Motion with Procedure Flow Cutoff to the to The Flow Cutoff The There Interaction Flow Cutoff and AO Cutoff Flow Cutoff the lowest that the as measured. AO Cutoff the lowest that the If to Flow Rate the flow reported the the higher of the Flow Cutoff affects both the flow outputs and the other AO Cutoff affects flow reported the Cutoff interaction with AO Cutoff than Flow Cutoff the Flow Rate Flow Rate AO Cutoff the SLPM Flow Cutoff SLPM If the below SLPM, the flow as and processing. Cutoff interaction with AO Cutoff higher than Flow Cutoff the Flow Rate Flow Rate AO Cutoff the SLPM Flow Cutoff SLPM If the flow below SLPM below SLPM: The flow.
Flow Direction Flow Direction Flow Direction Table II III when the Flow Direction arrow the as the of flow. when the Flow Direction arrow the as the of flow. Flow Direction arrow and The the flow and the flow internal processing. If the flow below SLPM, both flow, and processing. II Flow Flow Direction III Flow Flow Flow Direction Flow Direction flow and flow flow and reporting. Flow Direction with to the flow arrow the flow) the of the flow arrow the flow) the to the flow arrow the Motion bidirectional. affected flow or the of the Flow Direction Procedure Flow Direction to the to Flow Direction Relationship to Flow Direction
Flow Direction Table II III Bidirectional Bidirectional when both and expected, and flow the amount of flow when the Flow Direction arrow the from the of flow. Bidirectional Bidirectional when both and expected, and flow the amount of flow Motion with Flow Direction Relationship to Flow Direction Effect of Flow Direction Flow Direction affects the reports flow the The affected Flow Direction to Flow Direction and The of Flow Direction the the If to If to
Effect of Flow Direction the Flow Direction Effect of Flow Direction the Flow Direction and Flow Direction Flow Direction flow flow Flow Direction and Flow Direction flow flow Flow Direction Bidirectional, Bidirectional flow Flow Direction Bidirectional, Bidirectional
Motion with of flow or flow, the of flow, to flow of the and to the of flow, the or the to the to and higher rates. Flow Direction and Flow Direction of flow, the output of flow, rates and the and to (the of) the flow of flow, (the of) the flow or the to the flow to and higher flow of flow, flow rates and g/sec, the and to the of the flow of flow, the of the flow or the to the flow to and higher Flow Direction Flow Direction of flow or flow, the of flow, rates and the and to the of the of flow, the of the flow or the to the of the flow to and higher
and Effect of Flow Direction Flow Direction affects the reports the outputs. The affected Flow Direction to of the Flow Direction and flow Table Flow Direction flow Bidirectional Bidirectional of Flow Direction The Flow Direction affects the only Source to Flow Direction Effect of the Flow Direction and Table Flow Direction OFF OFF ON OFF OFF ON Bidirectional OFF OFF ON OFF OFF OFF ON OFF OFF Bidirectional ON OFF OFF of Flow Direction Flow Direction affects flow reported flow
to the of whether or Motion with of the Flow Direction and flow flow Flow Direction Negative Negative Bidirectional Negative Negative Bidirectional Negative Effect of Flow Direction flow Flow Direction affects flow and Effect of the Flow Direction and and Flow Direction flow increase increase Bidirectional increase increase increase increase Bidirectional increase The measured and reported. with to flow. The Unit Flow Cutoff flow
Unit Unit Table Unit corrected) U.S. foot inch lbs/in3 lbs/in3 API STon/Cuyd Short ton and II Units III Unit Unit the of that displayed Procedure Unit to the option to The Unit Unit The of Unit II III SGU SGU SGU
flow Motion with II High Duration III High Duration The flow the and reports two-phase flow or process). Procedure to the lowest that process. below this the to the flow action. Typically, this the lowest the of process. to temporarily. To reduce the of flow that to slightly below expected lowest You another The The to High to the highest that process. this the to the flow action. Typically, this the highest the of process. To reduce the of flow that to process, High slightly expected highest You High another
and The High The to Duration to the of seconds that the flow to clear the flow action. The Duration seconds. The to seconds. flow and reporting flow typically as of two-phase flow or process). Two-phase flow of the flow that correction. To the of flow or High whenever the measured below or High If this to the active that to flow their flow the Duration If the flow clears Duration that to reporting flow. The flow deactivated, the active acknowledged. If the flow clear Duration the that flow flow of If Duration to seconds, the that flow flow of as as flow detected. II III to smooth the seconds) which the the reported At the of the the reported of the the measured
Motion with Procedure to the to The seconds. The the type and the of Rate as shown the following Rate Core type Normal to seconds Enhanced Not to seconds high the appear smoother the slowly. the appear because the reported Whenever the the the the reported there chance of and the and the The rounded to the The the of Rate Core type Rate Normal Enhanced Not Effect of affects from the rather than the measured Interaction and both and to the reported to seconds
Cutoff and the of the the of the If to and both and to first, and the to the of the first II Cutoff III Cutoff Cutoff the lowest that reported as measured. below this reported as Procedure Cutoff to the to The Cutoff The to Effect of Cutoff Cutoff affects If the below Cutoff the as Cutoff from the The from the reported. to the of the flow The Unit
Unit Motion with II Units III Unit Unit the that Procedure Unit to the option to The Unit The of Unit the Unit Unit C F R K II III II III tor
II and to smooth the seconds) which the the reported At the of the the reported of the the measured Procedure the to The seconds. The to seconds. high the appear smoother the reported slowly. the appear the the the reported the the there chance of and the and the The rounded to the of affects the with the to the of the to the the The the the to flow and caused the the and the Not or The found the sheet located www.micromotion.com If about Motion service.
Motion with You the factor, factor, and the factor and factor, the the the sheet If the PSI. Procedure Choose Preferences and that Compensation checked. Choose Flow Factor The factor the the PSI. the the If the flow factor PSI, PSI. Factor The factor the /PSI. the the If the factor /PSI, The the which calibrated, and the which there If the PSI. the and the Option Units to the to the
III and Option that the wired to HART Choose Polled Choose to or as Secondary and Apply to the HART of the to written tions If the choosing and the displayed You the flow factor, factor, and the flow factor and factor, the the the If the PSI. Procedure Choose Compensation to Flow The the which calibrated, and the which there If the PSI. Flow Factor as other HART the as Secondary Other HART the The HART Units to the the and to write to the
Motion with The flow factor the the flow PSI. the the If the factor PSI, PSI. Factor The factor the /PSI. the the If the factor /PSI, Source to the that the to Option The HART the Static or The the that reads from memory. Static: The used. If chose to Select the to The You and the other or Polling to as or as Secondary and Apply as other HART the as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the and Apply If chose to Unit to the Static or to the to and Apply writes to memory.
the and If to Apply then the and to write to the If the the displayed the of the You the flow factor, factor, and the flow factor and factor, the the the sheet If the PSI. Procedure Choose Compensation to Flow The the which calibrated, and the which there If the PSI. Flow Press Factor The flow factor the the PSI. the the If the factor PSI, PSI. Press Factor The factor the /PSI. the the If the factor /PSI, the and the
Unit Unit Unit F Water 68F Water 68F Water 4C C Water 4C Water 60F F Water 60F F Water 68F Water 68F C Water 4C Water 4C Motion with Option that the wired to HART Choose to or as Secondary Choose to the HART of the Polled to written tions If using the choosing Service and the displayed The of Unit the Unit should to match the the II III Unit to the to the as other HART the as Secondary Other HART the The HART Unit to the the necessary and to write to the
Unit Table Unit Water 68F F Water 68F Mercury 0C mercury C Mercury 0C mercury C Mercury 0C Mercury 0C inch PSI PSI Torr C Torr 0C Torr 0C torr Atmospheres and II III
Motion with
options and Rate and covered this chapter: informational You the which and Rate II Rate III Rate Rate Rate the which and Rate and to the process. with performance with or Empty-Full-Empty This apply to with Rate to the of Motion. options and
options and Motion with Procedure Rate as Option Normal the of This option user-specified the of Other process, and polled. this option If Rate the Flow and If Rate to the to Effects of Rate Incompatible features and with the following and Enhanced basic instead. Restoring the factory or the If required, switch to Normal the and then to updated when
and Table and flow flow flow LPO and and Updated when the RPO Core input inventory inventory inventory II III Not to apply to the of from the and to the process. II, Restriction only with the You with of Rate The aspects of processing. Procedure as options and other and tion They the the
options and Timeout Motion with Option Normal the The the to and Timeout Severity II Measured Timeout Measured Timeout III Processing Severity Timeout Timeout the actions Restriction Timeout to the following A003, A004, A005, A008, A016, A017, A033. other actions as as the detected. Procedure Timeout as The seconds. The to seconds. If Timeout to actions as as the detected. The timeout when the the timeout the to its If the timeout while the active, the actions If the clears the timeout actions
Severity and II allows to Timeout locations. there only and the to II Severity III Severity Severity Severity Severity to the actions that the when Restrictions Severity Severity only to of the three Motion using the Severity to them. Procedure Select the selected Severity as Option Actions when detected: The to the to the action Timeout expired, to the action Timeout expired, The LED to or verity). Actions when clears: to to The LED to and or flash. options and
options and and Severity Table severity Notes A001 EEPROM (Core A002 RAM (Core A003 A004 A005 Flow Rate A006 Characterization A008 A009 Warming A010 A011 Failed: A012 Failed: High A013 Failed: A014 A016 RTD A017 RTD A018 EEPROM A019 RAM A020 Flow A021 Incorrect (K1) A022 (Core Motion with Option Informa- Actions when detected: tional The to the The LED to or verity). Actions when clears: The LED to and or flash. action and options Severity to with the
and Severity Table severity Notes A023 (Core A024 (Core A025 Sector (Core A026 A028 Core A031 to with the A032 to A033 Right/Left off A034 Informational to with A035 Aborted Informational to with Informational A100 Saturated Can to Informational or to A101 Informational Can to Informational or to Informational A102 A103 and Informational A104 Can to Informational or to A105 Flow Informational A106 Informational Can to Informational or to Informational A107 Occurred Normal every A108 On Informational to and to with the to with the to with the to with If to Measured severity Info If to severity to with the Informational only to with the Can to Informational or to options and
options and and Severity severity Notes A109 On Informational only to basic A110 ted Informational A111 Can to Informational or to A112 Informational A113 Saturated Can to Informational or to A114 Informational Can to Informational or to A115 or Polled A118 Informational Can to Informational or to Informational A119 Can to Informational or to A131 to Measured Informational A132 Active to with the A132 Active Informational to with the A141 DDC informational Motion with The informational to or they and required. The informational Informational Can to Informational or to Informational to with software earlier than Informational Informational to with Can to Informational or to Can to Informational or to Informational only to with the Can to Informational or to
and II III Informational Info Info memory. The and Procedure the You to characters the II III Informational Info Info memory. This and required. Procedure the to characters options and
options and Motion with II III Informational Info Info updated the memory. This and required. Procedure the to the II and III to the II S/N III Informational Info Information the of the of memory. This and required. Procedure the from the the field. II III Informational Info Information
and the type of memory. This and Procedure the from the shipped with or from the To the to the to the option. II III Informational Info Information the type of memory. This and required. Procedure from the shipped with or from the To the to the to the option. II III Informational Info Information type memory. This and Procedure type from the shipped with or from the options and
options and Motion with To the to the to the option.
the with the the and covered this chapter: the the the the II Frequency/Discrete III I/O C You C to as or The match the the To causing the the the that affected the Procedure C as Option C as C as the with the
the with the the Motion with each that or the input or the of the the that the selected input or type, and the process. and the to The to the The the reported. A. The (LRV) and (URV) AO Cutoff AO Action and AO Whenever other output the to service. the of and these II PV III I/O to the that reported the If to the to flow, that Flow as or If using the HART that the of the of the HART (PV) and the HART Tertiary (TV).
Flow Rate Flow Rate Flow Rate Flow Rate flow (LRV) and (URV) and Procedure as The Flow Rate The basic of options the options. II III Flow Rate Flow Rate II LRV URV III I/O LRV URV The (LRV) and (URV) to the that to the relationship and the Procedure LRV and URV as LRV the of of The LRV the of LRV the that the with the
the with the AO Cutoff Motion with URV the of of The URV the of URV the that performance: LRV LSL URV USL these that the URV and LRV URV and LRV within the recommended LSL and USL that the of the within of the of the D/A You URV below LRV URV to and LRV to The of to LRV and URV the with the If the below LRV or URV the (LRV) and (URV) Each option its LRV and URV If the of the LRV and URV and used. (LRV) and (URV) LRV URV flow flow flow SCFM SCFM II AO Cutoff III I/O PV MAO Cutoff
and AO Cutoff Cutoff) the lowest flow flow or flow that through the rates below AO Cutoff reported as Restriction AO Cutoff to Flow Rate Flow Rate or Flow Rate If to AO Cutoff and the the AO function. Procedure AO Cutoff as The AO Cutoff the of AO Cutoff should used. Motion service AO Cutoff Interaction AO Cutoff and to flow flow or flow AO Cutoff interacts with Flow Cutoff or Flow Cutoff The the the highest flow which Cutoff interaction Flow Rate Flow Rate AO Cutoff Flow Cutoff If the flow below flow. Cutoff interaction Flow Rate Flow Rate AO Cutoff Flow Cutoff the with the
the with the Table of Rate Normal N/A Motion with If the below below The flow. The the flow If the flow below both outputs flow. II AO III I/O PV to smooth the seconds) which the the reported At the of the the reported of the the measured the amount of that to the It affects the reporting of through the only. It the reporting of that other the or or the of the the testing) or the reporting while active. Procedure to the The seconds. specify the rounds the to the affected the of Rate and
(continued) of Rate assigned to the Action and and to the other Interaction and to or interacts with Flow or If the of the first, and the to the of that interaction Flow Flow Rate seconds the flow reflected the that than seconds. The the to internal algorithms which II AO Action AO III Processing Action the of the the internal the with the
the with the the Motion with only: If Measured Timeout to the the action the timeout Procedure Action to the The Downscale If Action to or Downscale as Action and Action and Table Option to the Downscale to the to the associated with of as and Tracks the assigned action CAUTION! If Action or Action to to Action to If the and this or process. Restriction If Action to NAN Action or Action to If to this, the the The to The the reported. C. to to Not Not
Polarity and The Polarity Scaling Action and Restriction The assigned to the output assigned to the You assign Whenever other the to service. the of and these II Polarity III I/O FO FO Polarity Polarity the the ON (active) The Active High Active that low-frequency Procedure Polarity as The Active High Polarity Polarity Table Polarity Reference (OFF) (ON) Active High ply, and the the with the
the with the Scaling Motion with Polarity Table Polarity Reference (OFF) (ON) Active ply, and the II Scaling III I/O FO Scaling Scaling the relationship and Scaling as Procedure Scaling Option Frequency=Flow from user-specified of user-specified of If Scaling to Frequency=Flow Rate Factor and Factor If Scaling to the of that flow If Scaling to the of that each from flow The Frequency=Flow option to the when or If specify Frequency=Flow Rate Factor and Factor
and Rate Factor The flow that the to this the A110: Saturated as follows: Factor RateFactor where: Factor to selected to seconds of as the The Factor within the of the to If Factor than1 the higher If Factor than the If to Frequency=Flow and to Motion recommends Factor to below Frequency=Flow You the output to flow rates to The as follows: Rate Factor Factor RateFactor the with the
the with the Motion with II III I/O FO to that the of the ON enough receiving to The ON the high or Polarity Interaction of and Table Polarity Active High Active Procedure as The milliseconds. You to milliseconds or to milliseconds and milliseconds. The the to the Motion recommends the Motion service
Action and and II Action Frequency/Discrete III Processing FO FO Action FO FO Action the of the the internal only: If Measured Timeout to the the action the timeout Procedure Action as The Downscale If Action to to the The The to Action Action Table to to Downscale Tracks the assigned action the with the
the with the the Source Motion with CAUTION! If Action or Action to to Action to If the and this or process. Restriction If Action to NAN Action or Action to If to this, the the The output to or The which reported and reported. The Source Polarity Action Restriction the to as Whenever other the to service. the of and these II DO Assignment III I/O DO Assignment Source which or reported the Procedure Source to the option.
Source Table Option Flow Switch Flow Switch Flow Direction Indication Condition Indication the the and The Source Flow Direction Source II III Enhanced Enhanced Enhanced Enhanced or or Flow Switch Flow Switch ON Indication ON This that Polarity to Active High If Polarity to Active the If assign switch to the Flow Switch Flow Switch and ON or flow the with the Condition OFF ON OFF OFF flow ON OFF OFF
the with the Polarity Motion with Flow Switch II Flow Flow Switch Flow Flow Switch Flow Flow Switch III I/O Flow Switch Source Flow Switch Flow Switch to that the flow (measured the the The flow switch with Procedure Source to Flow Switch already Flow Switch to the that to to the switch. Flow Switch to the which the flow switch applied). If the below this the ON. If the this the OFF. to the of and below the that as deadband. around the within which the switch change. The The to If Flow Switch and and the first flow the OFF. It OFF the flow below If this the ON, and ON the flow At this OFF and OFF the below II DO Polarity III I/O DO Polarity
and states: ON (active) and OFF (inactive). to these Polarity which which Procedure Polarity as The Active High Polarity Polarity Table Polarity Active High asserted to DO the to V. Active asserted to DO the V. asserted to DO the V. asserted to DO the to V. the with the
the with the Action Motion with Typical A. B. C. D. II DO Action III Processing DO Action Action the of the the internal only: If Measured Timeout to the the action the timeout CAUTION! Action as If to distinguish from operating If to the as with the
and Procedure Action as The Action Action Table ON Downscale output OFF V) its assignment with the output To the as follows: Source Action If Source to and the ON. The of Action when the of user-specified to of or to actions Enhanced Polarity= Active High Polarity= Active its assignment its assignment the with the OFF V) its assignment ON its assignment
the with the Motion with II III Not to of ON) the of user-specified (HI) or below (LO) You to and to Procedure Select the that to Specify HI LO Assign to the (Optional) to switch to the II III Enhanced to of and, optionally, to actions the ON) the of user-specified (HI) or below (LO) or (IN) or of (OUT) with to The when the of the assigned than the included. The when the of the assigned than the included.
and You to each assign or actions that the the Procedure Select the that to Specify HI LO IN OUT or Assign to the the HI and LO IN and OUT and (Optional) to switch to the (Optional) Specify the action or actions that the when the With II: With III: I/O Action Assignment With the Communicator: Assign Action The when the of the assigned than the included. The when the of the assigned than the included. The when the of the assigned that and included. The when the of the assigned of that than or than included. the with the
the with the Enhanced Action Action Start/stop Start/stop Not Motion with Enhanced Action II III CAUTION! assigning actions to or input, the of the or the input If ON, assigned actions when the implemented. If this to assign actions to the or input. The the the following of the the RS-485 terminals RTU the service The service to of It
and II III Communications (HART) HART with the terminals The HART Polling II) or Action III) (optional) HART (optional) Procedure HART to and The typically Devices HART to with the HART or HART Software to the or both, as other HART Action appropriately. The output reports as The and If II or III to HART to the If II or III to HART to other the This to to the HART (Optional) and the with the
the with the Motion with typical installations, burst burst another the network burst (Optional) HART burst II III (HART) of which the broadcasts HART information the The burst the information that when burst typical installations, burst burst another the burst Procedure as II III Source PV of PV The the (PV) the each burst range/current The the of and the each burst
HART (PV) flow and II III PV that the burst appropriately. If to four user-specified the four to each If to other option, that the HART as HART (PV, SV, TV, QV) II III (HART) The HART of four HART The HART include the (PV), Secondary (SV), (TV), and Quaternary (QV). You to the HART and then HART to or the assigned Restriction The TV to match the PV and HART The four specified each Secondary (SV) the with the The PV, SV, TV, and QV and the reading each burst C, Third (TV) Fourth (QV
the with the HART Table (PV) inventory inventory flow inventory HART and HART Reported (PV) If assignment the other matically, and Secondary (SV) Not associated with (TV) If assignment the other matically, and Quaternary (QV) Not associated with Motion with Interaction of HART and The HART reported through They through HART burst II III RS-485 Communications RS-485 with the RS-485 ASCII Secondary (SV) The SV directly, and the of the SV The QV directly, and the of the QV Third (TV) Fourth (QV
and Parity Stop and Rate Floating-Point Additional Restriction To Floating-Point or Additional II. Procedure ASCII as ASCII the of that the ASCII to the service and to match the host. RTU ASCII If ASCII RTU. to the Parity and Rate as Floating-Point to match the host. Table the of and the with the
the with the Action Motion with of floating-point Table Definition SEEEEEEE EMMMMMMM MMMMMMMM MMMMMMMM (Optional) Additional of the to character, as the currently and the character from to Additional to with that than the The specified to each the to the host. Additional host. II Comm III Processing I/O Actions Action Action the that reported the internal Procedure Action as The
Action II III that the than the Downscale Downscale Downscale that the than the Flow to the that flow of Not-a-Number (NAN) Not Not-a-Number reported as IEEE NAN Flow to Flow to IntZero-Flow Flow rates reported as as meas- ured. and Action CAUTION! If Action or Action to to Action to If the and this or process. Restriction If Action to NAN Action or Action to If to this, the the incrementing. incrementing. reported as reported as C or the other F reported as measured. incrementing. reported as measured. reported as incrementing. Other as measured. incrementing. they the with the
the with the Motion with
Completing the or the and covered this chapter: or the writeprotection the to the to of including boundary or or to the Restriction with the that the effects of the Procedure to the II III Testing Service flow, Wave as and the Option Sawtooth Completing the
Completing the Motion with Option Wave as and the Option Sawtooth Wave as and the Option Sawtooth the to the and to the or to the the and finished testing or allows to the or the without to the process. the reports the flow, and and the might apply cutoff, or the the memory locations from the The then throughout functioning. affect:
and flow and shown the or reported or The and inventory and including reported and or to and the the of the flow II and III upload/download function which allows to to PC. This allows to back and It to One of the following: active from II active from III Restriction This function with other Procedure To back the using II: Choose from to Specify and location the and Select the options that to include the and Download To back the using III: Choose or the the to Click then specify and location Click The to the specified and location. It as text and text Completing the
Completing the write-protection the Motion with II Protection III Write-Protection Info Info Protect If the write-protected, the and This or unauthorized to the
III Operations, and troubleshooting and covered this operation Troubleshooting Operations, and troubleshooting
Operations, and troubleshooting Motion with
Record the Flow Pickoff and covered this chapter: Record the the LED and acknowledge and inventory and and Motion that of including the of operating This when the high or and and troubleshoot Procedure Record the following operating Typical Typical high Typical operation
operation III the LED Motion with II III the the Section information. Shortcuts information about the of the such as and as as about operation, such as and pickoff This information to and troubleshoot process. to the displayed the of III. Procedure the III allows to choose the that appear the You choose whether to or and the information, the III The LED shows the of the The LED located the of the the LED. To the LED, the following LED Table LED Normal operation Flashing Active low-severity that to
and acknowledge and acknowledge using II and LED LED Active high-severity The whenever its or the You active and acknowledge You containing that active, or inactive unacknowledged. From this acknowledge Choose the High Priority or Priority The grouping of these and affected Severity active or unacknowledged currently active. inactive unacknowledged. and Informational listed. The with Severity to To acknowledge the To clear the following the acknowledge the then the A001, A002, A010, A011, A012, A013, A018, A019, A022, A023, A024, A025, A028, A029, A031. other If the inactive when acknowledged, from the If the active when acknowledged, from the when the clears. that operation
and acknowledge III the Motion with You containing that active, or inactive and unacknowleged. From this acknowlege or choose to acknowledge once. the III active or unacknowledged listed, and to the following Failed: occurred and immediately. that Advisory: Informational occurred, from Notes the Failed: information the or the Advisory: Informational The category assignment hard-coded. The with Severity to To acknowledge the checkbox that To acknowledge once, To clear the following the acknowledge the then the A001, A002, A010, A011, A012, A013, A018, A019, A022, A023, A024, A025, A028, A029, A031. other If the inactive when acknowledged, from the If the active when acknowledged, from the when the clears. You containing that active, or inactive unacknowledged. To active or unacknowledged Service active or unacknowledged listed. and Informational listed. The with Severity to
memory memory action the of: currently active Statistics One each that occurred the Each count of the of or clear- and inventory and To refresh the of active or unacknowledged Service Refresh The three of every that posted. each the following three of memory: Statistics Clearing active that acknowledged the and clearing II III the the Service of the amount of or measured the the of the amount of or measured the the inventory Cleared and with every Not cleared; Not cleared;
and and Motion with You the to of or II Stop III and and Stop Service Service Stop typical its increases with flow. and its with flow. and automatically, when and and or as group. other and other and You or directly.
and II III and and and and Service Service Service GSV Service the its to It whether the or If the started, to the of other Inventory II Inventory Inventory Inventory III and Inventory and Inventory and Inventory and
Motion with inventory, the its to It whether the inventory or If the inventory started, to inventory, the of other To II or III to the inventories, the To inventory II: Click Preferences the Inventory Click Apply To inventory III: Choose Select from III
and Topics covered this chapter: the the D1 and D2 D3 and D4 only) Motion to and accuracy. The following the of the to the measured the factory. as the or force the to and this as of performance. the to establishes the relationship and the the You the and and and high) and each. to the performance. To the or to and factors. field Motion to there field You and the and
such as the Motion with To the paired with and the option the the of the and to to Table Item Enhanced II III HART DD If or the to of the option of the the and the and Table the the reporting Pass/fail/abort Pass/fail/abort, abort and only scheduled, event-based Although to match factory or the the smoothly when the
and Continuous that allows the to while the If choose to the Measured or instead, the outputs the of the If outputs, action. the If too the abort. To and to two-phase flow or The when flow through the affected or using II Choose You to seconds while II its with the the information the and Next information the Definition and Next information this optional. Choose the Option the to their assigned The seconds. the the measured of their assigned The approximately seconds. the to their action. The seconds. Press the
Motion with the and using III Choose You to seconds while II its with the information the Definition and Next information this optional. Choose the Option Measur- the to their assigned The approximately seconds. the the measured of their The approximately seconds. the to their action. The seconds. Press the the and the to the Shortcuts Service Routine Choose Choose as and OK prompted. Option the to their assigned The seconds.
and Option the the measured of their assigned The seconds. the outputs to their action. The approximately seconds. the the and You the of the You from previous tests. The the following information about the tests: Powered-on the of the (Pass, Abort). of the and right pickoffs, shown as from the factory If the aborted, these Abort II and III reporting and This information the PC where II or III It includes: from the PC clock flow and flow flow and Customer and the If II or III to chart and displayed the of the On-screen to the or the to CSV offline II Choose and Previous and The chart shows the II
Motion with (Optional) Click Next to and (Optional) Click to CSV to the to PC. III Choose and Previous The chart shows the III (Optional) Click Next to and (Optional) Click to CSV to the to PC. the to the Shortcuts Service Routine (Optional) If the of choose from To from the choose To the Press Table from the displayed. Press OK to through from tests. To the Abort the completed, the reported as Pass, or Abort. the as instead.) The within the other the of the and right match the factory or the If and match factory the factory specifications and It expected that every the The within the Motion recommends that immediately the If the outputs to to or Measured instead. If the the the first
of the and If the the the flow knowledge to the and the actions each. These actions might include the from service and physically inspecting the At should flow and occurred with the instability) or the manually. of abort of each and actions abort Table Recommended actions User-initiated abort required. seconds another that flow, and and the High that flow trained and the Unstable flow factors that then the To stability: and factory reference factory reference Other abort the If the aborts Motion. You and You and using II Choose to two-phase flow or flow Motion. Motion. Motion.
the Motion with To or the first recurring Next To recurring specify Recurring To scheduled To of scheduled Hours Next to To recurring Hours Recurring to To Turn scheduled III Choose To or the first recurring Hours Next To recurring Recurring To scheduled To of scheduled Hours Next to To recurring Recurring to To scheduled Scheduled scheduled using the to the Shortcuts Service Routine Choose To or the first recurring specify Next To recurring Recurring To To of scheduled Next to To recurring Recurring to To choose Turn the establishes the when there flow through the
the using the and the factory than the field the of the following The The the the establishes the when there flow through the Restriction the the of The of to the The seconds. If to to the Procedure the Allow the to least applying the through the the reaches the operating through the the downstream and then the that the that and that the completely of the and readings. If they the or If the to should to the the the of the and the LED to The LED flashes yellow while the At the of the If the the LED shows or yellow. If the the LED shows red. flow through the the If the that there flow through the then retry. or reduce of then retry.
the II Motion with to then retry. If the to Motion. You the factory using such as II. the factory purchased as the factory, and the This function the the establishes the when there through the II and connected to the Procedure the Allow the to least applying the through the the reaches the operating Stop flow through the the downstream and then the that the that flow and that the completely of the and readings. If they the or If the to should to the Choose and Click the amount of the to its flow reference The seconds. applications, the Click The light the At the of the If the the light to and displayed. If the the light red.
the III and flow through the the If the that there through the then retry. or reduce of then retry. to then retry. If the to Motion. If to the to operation using previous To the the factory: and Factory .This function the To the from memory: and only while the Flow If the Flow to the Restriction the factory purchased as the factory, and the the establishes the when there flow through the III and connected to the Procedure the Allow the to least applying the through the the reaches the operating Stop flow through the the and then the that the that and that the completely of the and readings. If they the or If the to should to the Choose and Click
the the Motion with the amount of the to its reference The seconds. applications, the Click The displayed. the If the and displayed. If the displayed. flow through the the If the that there flow through the then retry. or reduce of then retry. to then retry. If the to Motion. If to the to To the the factory: and Factory This function the To the from memory: and only while the Flow If the Flow to the Restriction the factory purchased as the factory, and using the the establishes the when there flow through the the Allow the to least applying the through the the reaches the operating Stop flow through the the downstream and then the that the that and that the completely of
the and the and readings. If they the or If the to should to the Press Service the amount of the to its reference The seconds. the Press OK to the and while the the from the displayed. Press OK to the and the Press ABORT to the and to the previous flow through the the If the that there flow through the then retry. or reduce of then retry. to then retry. If the to Motion. If to the to To the the factory: Service Factory This function the Restriction the factory purchased as the factory, and the II Flow III Flow Flow
Motion with reported the to If the flow, flow, or from the to the factor. The the factor, and the reported and further processing. the factor(s) that and You of the three factors: flow, flow, and that three factors The factor flow affects the reported flow. The factor affects the reported The factor flow affects only the flow or flow. To flow, the factor flow. factor flow and factor the The flow based flow and the factors applied. If to the factor flow, that the field and the Therefore, to to to the factor from the factor Section instructions this reference the the reference Procedure the factor as follows: the to the the reference the factor the following ReferenceMeasurement NewMeterFactor ConfiguredMeterFactor that the factor and inclusive. If the factor these Motion service. FlowmeterMeasurement
the factor flow and the factor the the factor The and the first The from the The from the reference The factor as follows: MeterFactor MassFlow The first factor flow One year the The flow from the The from the reference The factor as follows: MeterFactor MassFlow The factor flow The the factor flow to the that associated with the This based the fact that to density. It correction of the the of the offset that caused the offset. this when flow reference reference Procedure the factor the Section the factor flow from the factor The following mathematically to the first You whichever MeterFactor ConfiguredMeterFactor MeterFactor MeterFactor ReferenceDevice
D1 and D2 D1 and D2 II Motion with that the factor and inclusive. If the factor these Motion service. the factor flow the establishes the relationship the of the and the the includes the of the D1 (low-density) and D2 (high-density) Motion the factory, and normally to the field. the only to Motion the Motion recommends using and factors, rather than to the or to the completely with the and through the the lowest allowed This usually accomplished closing the downstream from the then the with the D1 and D2 D1 (low-density) and D2 (high- You and If LD To this, choose and that the checkbox checked. LD with installations, Motion service to this If this the Motion continuing. The without interruption, the shown. that to the without the You this the to the PC. If the the known Restriction the D1 and the D2
D1 and D2 II shutoff with D1 with D2 downstream from D1 and D2 III and Procedure D1 of D1 light light If LD the the completely with the and flow through the the lowest allowed This usually accomplished closing the downstream from the then the with the D1 and D2 D1 (low-density) and D2 (high- You and D2 of D2 light light
D1 and D2 using III Motion with If LD To this, choose LD LD only with applications. installations, only Motion service to this If this the Motion The without interruption, the shown. that to the without interruption. the You this the to the PC. If the the known Restriction the D1 and the D2 Procedure downstream from D1 with D1 of D1 If LD the D2 with D2 of D2
D1 and D2 using the and the completely with the and through the the allowed This usually accomplished closing the downstream from the then the with the D1 and D2 D1 (low-density) and D2 (high- You and If LD To this, choose LD LD with applications. installations, only Motion service to this If this the Motion The without the shown. that to the without the If the the known Restriction the D1 and the D2 Procedure
D1 and D2 using the with D1 with D2 downstream from D3 and D4 (T- only) Motion with D1 Service of D1 Complete If LD the the optional D3 and D4 the of the the of than or than If the D3 and D4 the following: the D1 and D2 OK OK D2 Service of D2 OK Complete OK
D3 or D3 and D4 II and the D3 both the D3 and D4 (other than and The without the shown. that to the without the completely with the and flow through the the lowest allowed This usually accomplished closing the shutoff downstream from the then the with the D3 the D3 the following of of the of the D3 and the of The of the D3 or than the of D4 the D4 the following of of the of the D4 and the of the D3 The of the D4 than the of the D3 of the of the D4 and the of The of the D4 or than the of the You this the to the PC. If the the known Procedure
D3 or D3 and D4 II with D3 downstream from D3 or D3 and D4 III Motion with D3 of D3 light light the completely with the and through the the lowest allowed This accomplished closing the downstream from the then the with the D3 the D3 the following of of the of the D3 and the of The of the D3 or than the of D4 the D4 the following of D4 with D4 of D4 light light
D3 or D3 and D4 III D3 or D3 and D4 using the and of the of the D4 and the of the D3 The of the D4 than the of the D3 of the of the D4 and the of The of the D4 or than the of the You this the to the PC. If the the known Procedure shutoff downstream from D3 with D3 of D3 the completely with the and flow through the the lowest allowed This usually accomplished closing the downstream from the then the with the D4 with D4 of D4
Motion with D3 the D3 the following of of the of the D3 and the of The of the D3 or than the of D4 the D4 the following of of the of the D4 and the of the D3 The of the D4 than the of the D3 of the of the D4 and the of The of the D4 or than the of the If the the known Procedure
D3 or D3 and D4 using the with D3 with D4 downstream from and D3 Service of D3 Complete establishes the relationship the of the and the the The offset and The without the shown. that to the without interruption. You II or III to D4 Service OK OK of D4 OK OK
using II Motion with Motion the and should Procedure and with achieves thermal offset of light light with high- thermal of high- light light
using III and with achieves thermal of with high- thermal of high-
Motion with
Troubleshooting and Topics covered this LED Flow troubleshooting supply grounding interference (RFI) the HART HART and HART burst the of the and Action Scaling Action Flow Direction the flow (twophase flow) the the shorts the LED Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting LED and recommended actions Table Recommended actions A001 EEPROM (Core The with the You to the to the clears. If the replaced. A002 RAM (Core The with the You try to the to the clears. If the replaced. Motion with The LED the whether or active. If active, the to the then action to the LED Table LED Normal operation Flashing yellow Low-severity that to High-severity that
and recommended actions Recommended actions A003 The or basic from the This that the the and the or that the factory service. the and Section A004 The RTD that of the the RTD and RTD shorts to Section the the and the the that the connected to the to the instructions. when that the wires with the RTD and shorts to Section the continuity of wires from the to the characterization Factor the the and and Section the the and the the that the to the to the instructions. when that the wires with the RTD and shorts to Section the continuity of wires from the to the shorts. Section the of the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and recommended actions Table Recommended actions A005 Flow Rate The that of the If other those first. If the with the the the flow (two-phase flow). flow If flow the posted. the flashing, or the of A006 Characterization The factors the or the type incorrect, or the factors incor- the type. that of the characterization match the the the of the LLC. Section the and matches type. If Curved that of the to Straight If of the and the the Motion with
and recommended actions Recommended actions The reading below or A008 Common this include or flashing, fouling coating the of or or to or fect). If other those first. If the with the the the the flow the or coating the flow (two-phase flow). flow If the posted. the flashing, or the of the of High and Duration If A003 shorts terminals or the terminals and the that of the characterization match the the the Section the and Motion. A009 Initializing/Warm- and The Allow the to The should clear automatically. If the clear: that there the of VDC should the If there the that the the the of the the and the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and recommended actions (continued) actions A010 This typically caused through the the or offset that of to the to clear this to the there through the Retry the the A011 Failed: This caused flow the the or offset that below the This A010. to the to clear this to the there through the Retry the the A012 Failed: High This caused the the or offset that the This A010. to the to clear this to the there flow through the Retry the the A013 Failed: A014 that covers that the connected to the specifications and that shields properly ted. that the and both grounded properly. the of high interference (EMI) and the or as necessary. Motion with There too the to the to clear this or reduce of stress). the and to that the Retry the to the then the
and recommended actions (continued) Recommended actions A016 RTD The RTD that of the the the and the the that the connected to the to the instructions. when that the wires with the RTD and shorts to Section the of wires from the to the the reported the Motion. A017 RTD The RTD that of the the the and the the that the connected to the to the instructions. when that the wires with the RTD and shorts to Section the of wires from the to the the the should F and F. that of the characterization match the the Motion. A018 EEPROM to the to clear this and that covers that the connected to the and that shields properly terminated. that the and both grounded properly. the of high interference (EMI) and the or as necessary. to the If the the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and recommended actions Table Recommended actions A019 RAM to the to clear this A020 Flow The factor and/or K1 the that of the characterization match the the If the that the type or straight) properly lected. Confirm that this A021 Incorrect (K1) The as straight the K1 or that of the character- match the the If the that the type or straight) properly lected. Confirm that this If this with A006, the LLC and shorts to Section A022 Cor- (Core A023 (Core A024 (Core A025 Sector (Core Motion with that covers that the connected to the and that shields properly terminated. that the and both grounded properly. the of high interference (EMI) and the or as necessary. to the If the the to the to the clears. If the the to the to the clears. If the the to the to the clears. If the the to the to the clears. If the the
and recommended actions Table Recommended actions A026 cations A027 Security Breach the HART ID. The and security that currently to the to to clear the authorized to the A028 Core There the to the to the clears. If the the A029 cations A030 Incorrect The firmware or the with the type. If this occurred with to the that the of the as the the from. and The with the the This of with the or the the of or both the the and the the that the connected to the to the instructions. when that the wires with the RTD and shorts to Section the of wires from the to the the LED. If found, the If the back the and the If the both the and This that there of the and the to the to the clears. If the to the to the clears. If the Motion assis- Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and recommended actions Table Recommended actions A031 The the the the and the to the to clear this the that the connected to the to the instructions. when that the wires with the the of wires from the to the to the then the Measure the the There should of If there than that the (You to to the If the and the the A032 Progress: to A033 Right/Left A035 Aborted The possibly because manually aborted. that then the Motion. Motion with with to or Measured There from the pickoff which that the from their This often appears with A102. the and the expected coating, or flow. from two-phase or three-phase this the This that the to reoriented. to the tion recommended
and recommended actions Table Recommended actions A100 Saturated The of the the and they correctly? the reported the that the correctly the flow the flow the or coating the A101 HART or the to A102 The its A103 and A104 process. A105 Flow The of the the flow (two-phase flow). A106 HART burst A107 Occurred The restarted. A108 On action required. A109 On action required. and whether the If the the HART whether the to the and shorts terminals or the terminals and the fouling, and or flashing. from or three-phase this the which the to reoriented. to the tion recommended The properly. The to the the and the The as as hours of the and the supply and supply Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and recommended actions Table Recommended actions A110 Saturated The the the Scaling the reported the checking the flow the or coating the that the correctly the flow A111 The to A112 Software Motion. A113 Saturated the reported the the flow the or coating the that the correctly the flow the and they correctly? A114 whether the If the whether the to A115 or Polled A116 Motion with the the to to the or restarting the the to operation. whether the If the whether the to The HART to from the operation. the the and the the HART the reported the the of the type and
and recommended actions (continued) Recommended actions A117 A118 The to A120 Curve tion) A121 tration) A131 Progress: to Measured A132 Active A133 EEPROM the If the Motion. A141 DDC ted N/A FD N/A D1 N/A D2 N/A D3 N/A D4 N/A action required. N/A Flow action required. and the reported the the of the type and the of the plication. If the the or that the established the tration this and action required. This should clear when the to If the the of the tration with to Measured action required. action required. action required. action required. action required. action required. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Flow Flow and recommended actions Recommended actions Flow flow or offset flow Motion with or Incorrect or flow or Incorrect to too Mounting that of the characterization match the the If the flow reading high, the You to the factory or or mounting the to Motion. that the ate to the the and the pickoff Section and Section If the the and the includes that the shields correctly grounded. the the and Section with the the flow or or of that the correctly flow. Section Check interference. Section Motion.
Flow and recommended actions (continued) Recommended actions when flow steady flow or batch and too or coated with Incorrect factor Incorrect factor Incorrect factors Incorrect grounding flow with that the ate to the the and the pickoff Section and Section If the the and the includes that the shields correctly grounded. fouling, flashing, or the the and Section with the the flow or or of that the correctly Section interference. Section Motion. the the and Section that the correctly that of the characterization match the the to batch the grounding. Section flow. Section that the and the the and the and shorts to Section the or Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and recommended actions Table Recommended actions reading Unusually high reading Unusually reading Motion with with Incorrect factors Incorrect grounding flow or coated flow Incorrect RTD Physical characteristics of or coated Incorrect K2 Incorrect RTD high this of or this fouling flow Incorrect K2 this or the the and Section grounding. Section the the that of the characterization match the the flow. Section If with too each other, them. the that of the characterization match the the the flow coating the the reported the that of the characterization match the the the the and Section the
and recommended actions Table Recommended actions reading significantly from reading slightly from and RTD heat or RTD and shorts to Section Confirm the factor matches the the to RTD tion. the the and Section The RTD of C. If the within this there If the the the Motion. The of the Allow the to with the the necessary. RTD and shorts to Section The RTD with the The to replaced. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and recommended actions Table Recommended actions supply below Incorrect assigned to the Motion with Incorrect internal/external ration below LRV LRV and URV correctly action to or HART the supply and supply Section the the Action Section DC to that the active. Motion. the supply and supply Section the the Action Section Motion. the the that the and the the and the the of and Section the Action Section the assignments. and existing tions. the HART and Section to (the output fixed). HART burst Section If related to to the and the
and recommended actions Table Recommended actions tently of Consistently incorrect higher and Incorrect or assigned to action to or LRV and URV correctly correctly Incorrect flow Incorrect LRV and URV correctly too high that the output below the the assignments. the the the Action Section the of and Section the Section the Section that the correctly the assigned to the the of and Section Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and recommended actions Table Recommended actions Consistently incorrect troubleshooting Motion with below action to or Flow from with Incorrect internal/external Incorrect correctly Incorrect flow interference (RFI) from the reports user-specified flow, and This allows to or to the You to distinguish and externally caused that reports unexpectedly If and the match the the of the to somewhere the and the active, the and including and inventories, flow and functions related to the and the operation. these effects, and to when finished testing. that the below the low-flow cutoff. the low-flow necessary. the Action Section that the the to locked. flow. Section flow Section that the and the the and the that the wired and as the the the Section Section the Section that the correctly interference. Section
and information II, Section If the supply or improperly connected, the enough to properly. You the Procedure inspecting the supply the CAUTION! If the the that the used. incorrect to the and from that the supply connected to the that the supply wires and to the insulation. Reapply to the CAUTION! If the reapply to the with the housing cover Reapplying to the while the housing cover to the the supply The should within specified DC to the of power-supply and the the and the improperly connected, or the becomes You the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting using II Motion with Procedure the the CAUTION! If the the that the connected to the to the information that the wires with the the of wires from the to the The and the grounded. You Procedure to the and and instructions. to that the and the properly. know whether to the the and outputs that Follow to that testing with existing and II and connected to the
and Procedure the Choose or To Click the the and to the The readings to match exactly. If the slightly the the Click UnFix To Click the the and to the The readings to match exactly. If the slightly the the Click UnFix the Choose the To Click Read the the and to the Click UnFix the Choose Select On the the the the receiving Click UnFix If the reading slightly off the this the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting using III Motion with If the reading off or the reading faulty, the the and the and If the reading reversed, the of Polarity the the and that Follow procedures to that testing with existing and II and connected to the Procedure the Choose Testing or Testing to: Click the the and to the The readings to match exactly. If the slightly the the Click UnFix to: Click the the and to the The readings to match exactly. If the slightly the the Click UnFix the Choose Testing the to Click FO the the and to the
the and Click UnFix FO the Choose Testing To: to ON the the To: to OFF the the Click UnFix required. Motion input or The and to purchase option and You to of the the the and that Follow to that testing with existing and Procedure the Choose Service and the the and to the The readings to match exactly. If the slightly the the Press OK Select the the and to the The readings to match exactly. If the slightly the the Press OK Choose Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting interference (RFI) Motion with the If the the it to of the when the Press Service and choose the the the and to the Choose the Press Service Choose the the Press OK Choose On the the Press OK Choose If the reading slightly off the this the If the reading significantly off or the reading faulty, the the and the and If the reading the of The or output affected interference (RFI). of RFI include of or or that field. Several to reduce RFI or of the following as to installation. Procedure the RFI the shielded the or
the HART HART and and Terminate the shielding the If this terminate the shielding the or terminate the shielding the termination of shielding If establish or HART the HART wired incorrectly. You of Optional: the HART Application www.hartcomm.org Procedure that the connected as shown the the If HART than the the Motion or the HART Communication Foundation. the from the the the the VDC). If than VDC, to of than VDC. directly the and to If with the established, the service. Motion. If the from the the the and or its action. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting HART burst the of the and Motion with HART or HART Procedure HART as HART The This the recommended the to HART burst the to normally and should another the HART burst to burst or If burst If the the the or the the following the If this the Motion. If the below the (LRV) or the (URV), the of the of the LRV and URV.
Action Scaling Action and Action the of the the internal If the reporting below or the the active If there active the correctly. If to its the following the of Action the the of Severity to If there active troubleshooting. If incorrectly, the incorrect the of the This to If Scaling incorrectly, the output incorrect the of Scaling If the of Scaling the of other The Action the of the the internal If the reporting the the active If there active the correctly. If to its the following options: the of Action Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Flow Direction the (two-phase flow) Motion with the the of Severity to If there active troubleshooting. If Flow Direction the or The Flow Direction interacts with flow to flow flow and inventories, and the operation, should match the flow arrow that the of the Procedure the of flow through the the of Flow Direction If the incorrectly, the when flow or amounts of There flow flow flow and There each The interaction Procedure the of the typical applications, Motion recommends Flow Cutoff to the found the Product flow (two-phase flow, the This the to flow, or to flow If the flow flow the of the flashing, or
the and the of the of High and Duration You reduce the of to High to higher or Duration to higher or of of or To whether or the and to from of operation. (saturated) and recommended actions Recommended actions flow flow. Section Partially Correct that the the Section If of them to neither the of the to the flashing, or of or three-phase board or Motion. flow the Section If of them to neither the flow The to replaced. Cracked the Motion. Mechanical free to or Flow of that flow within Increase the or back the If located from the increase the the and The to reorientated. the tion recommended Motion. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Collect the pickoff Motion with and recommended actions (saturated) Table Recommended actions Incorrect tion and recommended actions Recommended actions K1 characterization the K1 characterization Polarity of pick-off or polarity of Motion. flow flow. Section caught flow the flow to of and Collect from of operation, and this as troubleshooting. Procedure to the and of of If the readings of of or To know whether the and to from of operation. the characterization the
Collect pickoff shorts and and recommended actions pickoff Table actions Increase the or back the the and flow the its of the flow. Section the The or become to of and Collect from of operation, and this as troubleshooting. Procedure to the and both the pickoff and the right pickoff, of of Shorts or the terminals and the the to and recommended actions shorts Table Recommended action the that the and If located from the increase the the and The to reoriented. the tion recommended and that the flow of of the free to mechanical the the the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting the Motion with and recommended actions shorts (continued) Recommended action or the Internally shorted feedthrough Motion. the termination terminations The Motion titled Flowmeter ration and offer Checking the shorts. Restriction This to remote-mount and with Procedure to the CAUTION! If the the from the the (DMM), the pickoff the DMM leads the each Table of the Record the and Table to (LPO) to white Right (RPO) to (RTD) to Lead (LLC) and CMF400 RTD to CMF400 to Motion. to
and The CMF400 to CMF400 releases. Motion information. There should that readings. The and right pickoff readings should the or If there readings, the the to the of The readings each should match both the terminals the shorts to the disconnected. the of the Testing DMM the and the other the With the DMM to its highest there should each If there there to the of the other terminals the the other terminals the the other terminals the white the white other terminals the the other terminals the the other terminals the the other terminals the and ones. the other the and ones. the other terminals the and ones. There should each If there there To to operation: the the board. the the reassembling the to grease Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting the LED Core LED LED Table LED Recommended actions (ON OFF (ON OFF ON or action required. flashes, flashes OFF Core than Motion with The LED that to the the The intrinsically and the of the LED. To to operation, the reassembling the to grease Normal action required. flow (two-phase Section Core and and characterization and to The factory service. to If LED terminals (VDC+) and (VDC) If reading than VDC, supply to Wires switch- If LED supply. If supply internal or LED the factory service.
LED (continued) Table LED Recommended actions Enhanced LED LED Recommended action Normal operation action required. Flashing action required. yellow Low-severity High-severity Flashing off) If A105 flow) active, to the recommended actions that Flashing off) The factory service. Flashing off, 4th) OFF Core than and Core internal The factory service. The factory service. Core internal The factory service. the the At the the the and the the and If A033 active, process. the or coating to If LED terminals (VDC+) and (VDC) If reading than VDC, supply to Wires switch- If LED supply. If supply internal or LED the factory service. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Motion with Function Expected RS-485/A and RS-485/B to VDC and RS-485/A to VDC and RS-485/B to If than specified, the to with or host. The factory service. To to operation: the the and the the to the reassembling the to grease
II with the A.1 information about II and covered this information about II with II II II software from Motion. It platform and to functions and II To II, The II The II type To II and the Motion. II of the instructions this that already with II or that familiarity with If information than this the II II Software Motion and II installations, the with the II Additionally, the II the Motion CD or the Motion www.micromotion.com II features and functions II offers and operation II offers of and including: The to the to the PC, and or to other The to of to the PC commissioning These features the II They the II with the
II with the A.2 with II A.2.1 II Motion with II II with Motion of and This of these and The to and and complying with from II to allows to the and and troubleshooting from II to the Choose the type to and the to The the following II types: Service ASCII) RTU) selecting type, the following: Service that already II, and therefore to them. HART that already II. The the Service when the RS-485 service If they switch them to service the and connecting within the first seconds. RS-485 when the RS-485 terminals RS-485 If they switch them to RS-485 the and seconds connecting. including service typically than HART HART II allow to than This to and
A.2.2 service to service A-1: A. PC B. C. This shows USB supported. and You the the You the II and PC One of the following: RS-232 to RS-485 USB to RS-485 or USB as to Procedure the to the or USB PC. Access the service the to the the screw the Warning and the supply the leads from the to terminals (RS-485/A) and (RS-485/B). Usually, the RS-485/A and the RS-485/B. II with the C
II with the A.2.3 Motion with II. Choose to to Service Service and You to them the COM to the PC COM that this If required, the to the terminals to service The terminals service or RS-485 If they RS-485 the and within the first seconds. If within seconds, the switch to RS-485 If the terminals already service this Click If appears: Switch the leads and that specified the COM the physical the PC and the that the RS-485 terminals the service You directly to the terminals the to HART or to HART CAUTION! If directly to the the affected. If the directly to the II and licensed PC One of the following: RS-232 to USB to or USB as to
to terminals A-2: A. PC B. C. D. This shows USB supported. and Procedure the to the or USB PC. To directly to the the leads from the to terminals and HART polarity-sensitive. It which to which as necessary. of VDC. To this, of to the To from the HART the leads from the to the as necessary. of VDC. To this, of to the C II with the
II with the A-3: A. PC B. C. of R1, R2, and R3 as to HART D. DCS or PLC E. This shows USB supported. Motion with To HART the leads from the to the as necessary. of VDC. To this, of to the R3 R2 C R1
A-4: A. B. C. Devices the D. and C II. Choose to to HART You to them If USB Converter RTS Address/Tag to the HART the If this the first to the the If HART the HART typically the If of the The search the and of the that the COM to the PC COM that using this as Option Secondary this another HART such as DCS the II with the
II with the A.2.4 Motion with Option this other the The host. Click If appears: the HART of the that specified the COM the physical the PC and the Increase or that there with another HART You directly to the RS-485 terminals the or to the II and PC One of the following: RS-232 to RS-485 USB to RS-485 or USB as to Procedure the to the or USB PC. the leads from the to terminals (RS-485/A) and (RS-485/B). Usually, the RS-485/A and the RS-485/B.
to terminals A-5: A. PC B. C. This shows USB supported. A-6: A. PC B. C. both of the D. DCS or PLC E. This shows USB supported. and To the RS-485 the leads from the to the as necessary. II. Choose to C II with the C
II with the Motion with the to the the If the shown A-1: RTU Parity If know the RS-485 through the service which or another to or the the COM to the PC COM that this If the and seconds to the terminals to RS-485 The service or RS-485 If they service the and seconds connecting. At the of this the terminals switch to RS-485 If the terminals already RS-485 this Click If appears: the of the that specified the COM that the RS-485 terminals the RS-485 the physical the PC and the Increase or or from with the -W terminating with the both of the that there to the
A.3 II A-7: and from to to from Preferences Inventory RTD options to to II with the Additional options
II with the A-8: Motion with Information API CM Core API CM PPI ED NOC Performance information about to the II Unit Entrained Commissioning Custody
A-9: and Flow Flow Direction Flow Flow Flow Cutoff Flow Factor Factor Factor Flow Switch Flow Switch Flow Switch Flow Cutoff Flow Units Flow Flow Units Flow Cutoff Additional options Units High Duration Cutoff K1 K2 FD D1 D2 (DT) II with the
II with the A-10: Motion with AO Cutoff AO AO Action AO Measured Timeout Additional options Factor Rate Factor Measured Timeout Scaling Action Polarity DO Assignment DO Polarity DO Action FTG FFQ DTG DFQ1 DFQ2 K3 D3 D4 K4
A-11: and Units Factor RTD Additional options Flow Factor Factor Units II with the
II with the (continued) A-12: Motion with Distributor Software ETO CP Software CP ETO Option CP type PT Factory HART Current HART ID Protection Rate Additional options
A-13: A-14: and RS-485 Parity Rate Stop Units Unit Flow Conv Fact Flow Text Text Unit Flow Conv Fact Flow Text Text Additional options (A) High (B) Additional options Polled Polled II with the Severity
II with the A-15: Motion with PV SV TV QV and Measures Software
III with the B.1 information about III and covered this information about III with III III III and service from Motion. It platform and to functions and III To III, The III The III type To III and the Motion. III of the instructions this that already with III or that familiarity with If information than this the III III and Service Motion III installations, the with the III Additionally, the III the Motion CD or the Motion www.micromotion.com III and functions III offers and operation III offers of features and including: The to the to the PC, and or to other The to of to the PC The to performance of the PC The to to and information than These the III They the III with the
III with the B.2 with III B.2.1 III Motion with III III with Motion of and This of these and The to and and complying with from III to allows to the and and troubleshooting from III to the Choose the type to and the to The the following III types: Service ASCII) RTU) selecting type, the following: Service that already III, and therefore to them. HART that already III. The only the Service only when the RS-485 terminals service If they switch them to service the and connecting within the first seconds. RS-485 when the RS-485 terminals RS-485 If they switch them to RS-485 the and seconds connecting. including service typically than HART HART III allow to than This to and
B.2.2 service to service B-1: A. PC B. C. This shows USB and You the the You the III and PC One of the following: RS-232 to RS-485 USB to RS-485 or USB as to Procedure the to the or USB PC. Access the service the to the the screw the Warning and the supply the leads from the to terminals (RS-485/A) and (RS-485/B). Usually, the RS-485/A and the RS-485/B. III with the C
III with the B.2.3 Motion with III. Choose to Physical to Service Service and You to them the PC to the PC COM that using this If required, the to the terminals to service The terminals service or RS-485 If they RS-485 the and within the first seconds. If within seconds, the terminals switch to RS-485 If the terminals already service this Click If appears: Switch the leads and try that specified the COM the physical the PC and the that the RS-485 terminals the service You directly to the terminals the to HART or to HART CAUTION! If directly to the the affected. If using the directly to the III and PC One of the following: RS-232 to USB to or USB as to
to terminals B-2: A. PC B. C. D. This shows USB supported. and Procedure the to the or USB PC. To directly to the the leads from the to terminals and HART polarity-sensitive. It which to which as necessary. of VDC. To this, of to the To from the HART the leads from the to the as necessary. of VDC. To this, of to the C III with the
III with the B-3: A. PC B. C. of R1, R2, and R3 as to HART D. DCS or PLC E. This shows USB supported. Motion with To HART the leads from the to the as necessary. of VDC. To this, of to the R3 R2 C R1
B-4: A. B. C. Devices the D. and C III. Choose to Physical to HART You to them If using USB RTS Address/Tag to the HART the If this the first connecting to the the If HART the HART typically the If of the The search the and of the that the PC to the PC COM that this as Option Secondary this another HART such as DCS the III with the
III with the B.2.4 Motion with Option this other the The host. Click If appears: the HART of the that specified the COM the physical the PC and the Increase or that there with another HART You directly to the RS-485 terminals the or to the III and PC One of the following: RS-232 to RS-485 USB to RS-485 or USB as to Procedure the to the or USB PC. the leads from the to terminals (RS-485/A) and (RS-485/B). Usually, the RS-485/A and the RS-485/B.
to terminals B-5: A. PC B. C. This shows USB B-6: A. PC B. C. both of the D. DCS or PLC E. This shows USB supported. and To the RS-485 the leads from the to the as necessary. III. Choose to Physical C III with the C
III with the Motion with the to the the If the shown Table B-1: RTU Parity Stop If know the RS-485 through the service which or another to or the the PC to the PC COM that this If required, the and seconds to the to RS-485 The terminals service or RS-485 If they service the and seconds connecting. At the of this the switch to RS-485 If the already RS-485 this Click If appears: the of the that specified the COM that the RS-485 terminals the RS-485 the physical the PC and the Increase or or from with the -W terminating with the both of the that there to the
B.3 III B-7: B-8: and III with the
III with the I/O B-9: B-10: Motion with
B-11: Informational B-12: and III with the
III with the B-13: B-14: Motion with
B-15: B-16: and III with the
III with the Testing B-17: B-18: Motion with
B-19: and III with the
III with the Motion with
C the with the C.1 information about the and covered this information about the with the the The and that with of including Motion It to and of the instructions this that already with the and the following Turn the the with to the the alpha to information If to these the attempting to the The the Motion CD or the Motion www.micromotion.com the to with the (DD) The the following HART DD To the that At the HART the of and Motion then the of the with the
the with the C.2 with the Motion with If Motion listed, or the the to the or Motion. and of the this with the that to to the the with Motion of and This of these and The responding to and and complying with from the to allows to the and and troubleshooting You the to the terminals the to HART or to HART The following HART (DD) the DD Procedure To to the the leads from the to terminals and and as required. The connected of HART polarity-sensitive. It which to which
and to terminals C-1: A. B. C. terminals To to the HART the leads from the to the and as necessary. The connected of to HART C-2: A. B. C. with and supply To to the HART the leads from the to the the with the C C
the with the C.3 the Motion with to C-3: A. B. C. Devices the D. Turn the and the displayed. If connecting the to The the HART of the The HART the HART to To to the choose HART Application and troubleshooting from the You related to the DD or active Press the buttons to the and C
C-4: and the with the Shortcuts Service
the with the C-5: Motion with Refresh Flow Rate Flow Rate Displayed Shortcuts Information Information Revisions of Construction Revisions DD Revision Software CP Software ETO of Construction
C-6: and the with the Characterize Info
the with the C-7: Motion with Characterize Flow Rate LD Units GSV RS-485 Info Info Information HART ID (CP) Info Assmbly Information
Characterize C-8: FlowCal D1 D2 TC K1 K2 FD and Characterize Curved Straight Straight Curved the with the Flow Flow FCF FTG FFQ Flow D1 D2 DT DTG K1 K2 FD DFQ1 DFQ2
the with the C-9: Motion with Flow Flow Direction Flow Flow Unit Flow Cutoff Flow Unit Flow Cutoff Factor Factor Unit Cutoff Factor Duration High Unit Rate Rate Units Units Units Displayed only Flow as required. Polling GSV Flow GSV Cutoff GSV Flow Unit Unit Unit Compensation Compensation Flow Flow Press Factor Press Factor Unit Correction Polled Polled
I/O C-10: and C C PV LRV PV URV PV PV LSL PV USL PV MAO Cutoff PV MAO Action MAO the with the FO FO FO Scaling FO Scaling Additional options FO Third FO Polarity FO Third FO Action FO FO Scaling FO Scaling TV Factor TV Rate Factor FO Scaling
the with the I/O C-11: Motion with DO Assignment DO Polarity DO Action Flow Switch Source Flow Switch RS-485 Rate Stop ID (CP) Secondary Third Fourth
C-12: and Timeout MAO Action MAO FO Action FO Comm Action Severity Severity DO Assignment DO Polarity DO Action Flow Switch Source Flow Switch the with the Assign Action Action Actions
the with the Service C-13: Motion with Refresh Additional Information Summary Mapped Flow Rate Flow Rate LPO RPO Service Routine If Flow GSV, GSV displayed.
Service C-14: and Service Flow Rate Flow Rate Mapped PV Flow Rate SV Flow Rate TV Flow Rate QV Flow Rate If Flow GSV, GSV displayed. the with the DO State Stop Flow Rate Inventory Flow Rate Inventory PV AO PV
the with the Service C-15: Motion with Routine Flow Rate Flow Rate Deviation Factory Flowing (FD) Service Factor LPO RPO Read Displayed Displayed earlier the launched. Additional Core On
Service C-16: and Service Flow Rate the with the
the with the Motion with
and D.1 and and D-1: Flow Flow factors factor corrected to of the and The and the typical factory the the factory and the and Flow corrected to of the applications, Motion recommends of Flow factor this the FCF and FT tors concatenated. Recommended of the rated flowrate. flow type flow flow obtained the flow factor of factor factor and
and and Table D-1: flow corrected to of PSI D3 Motion with D1 D2 K1 K2 FD flow high C factor 1.00000T0.00 Flow factor factor D4 K3 K4 FTG FFQ DTG DFQ1 DFQ2 flow factor
and Table D-1: flow Secondary and flow factor Secondary Tertiary flow Quaternary flow LRV URV AO AO LSL Read-only. USL only. Read-only. action Downscale AO AO measured timeout LRV URV AO Not-A-Number AO LSL Read-only. USL only. Read-only. and LSL based the and characterization USL based the and characterization LSL based the and characterization USL based the and characterization
and and Table D-1: LRV flow URV flow Motion with action Downscale AO AO measured timeout flow C 423.78SCFM flow C C flow 423.78SCFM C factor Flow factor or Scaling Freq=Flow action Downscale polarity Active high measured timeout seconds Source Flow Polarity Active high
and Table D-1: Polarity Active Refresh milliseconds flow offline offline knowledge and Enabled action timeout seconds ASCII Floating-point and
and Motion with
and E.1 and covered this supply terminals Input/output (I/O) terminals and of which to installation. The from the You to mount the from the the and and and I/O to the E-1: Core and
and Motion with with with three and of which separately. the to the and the to the with E-2: Junction Core
E.2 supply terminals and supply terminals E-3: A. supply (DC) B. supply to other or (optional) and
and E.3 Input/output (I/O) terminals Motion with I/O terminals E-4: A. B. Unused C. or D. Service or C
NE history F.1 NE history writing of the A106 to that HART burst the I/O option board and with the HART Indication of option board type appears the interaction of the and the timeout measured timeout) assigned to to the of HART burst the the I.S. (intrinsically option to the flow, flow, and from the assigning to the and from the HART as Software information the or Additional HART assigned to QV struction NE history
NE history the C Motion with and the of tions through The function or as Increased options New rithms the of when flow of and tions flow and switch HART and burst Custody option to I/ option HART Additional displayed the the of tion the interaction and the of the the to and HART and other the struction C C
as switch as and floating-point severity input action the LED Additional HART and commands expanded to Factory function Factory function history write protection Expanded selection of assignments Expanded of Expanded of NTEP and OIML functionality as option selections as flow switch optionally to assigned to and related from and and and struction BA NE history
NE history Motion with The following allowed: Action and Action NAN switch Action and Action NAN to switch and GSV, to of Flow to and firmware assignable as and II struction