Rosemount Wireless Reference AA
Reference AA Rosemount Wireless NOTICE this with the and and performance, to thoroughly the or this The United States toll-free and international Customer to CST) National hours service International The products this NOT applications. products that or products readings. information Rosemount products, Emerson Representative. death or serious injury. of this with the and international and the section of the Reference associated with installation. connecting atmosphere, the with intrinsically or field shock death or serious injury. with the leads and High that leads shock.
NOTICE The and other wireless should only the Gateway and functioning properly. Wireless should of from the Wireless Gateway, with the This and NOTICE wireless products: The shipped to without the the to Each C lithium lithium the U. S. of Transportation, and covered IATA (International Association), ICAO (International and ARD Ground Transportation of It the responsibility of the shipper to with these or other and NOTICE The with the wireless C lithium/thionyl Each of lithium, of each the self-contained and reactive as as the and the should to thermal, or mechanical should protected to when should and life, should C. The than and properly the wireless to and from the of to charge build-up. Reference AA
Reference AA Section Introduction Functions of the Wireless Choosing location and operating atmosphere Service Product Section Connecting the or the the Supported Unit the to Section Mounting the the mount the mount (optional) WN option LCD Grounding the
Section Commissioning the to with the wireless AMS to the to within the K-Factor AMS Section and operation information the LCD health. LCD screen Network the EtherNet/IP and OPC to the the though there active the Flow Low-Flow cut-off. to the A: Specifications and Reference A.1 Specifications A.1.1 Functional specifications. A.1.2 Physical A.1.3 input specifications. A.1.4 Performance specifications. A.2 A.3 information Reference AA
Reference AA Table A-1. Wireless options A-1. Other (Include with selected and B: Product Certifications B.1 Union Directive Information B.2 Telecommunication B.3 FCC and IC B.4 Ordinary Location from CSA B.5 North America. B.6 C C: High Option C.1 C.1.1 C.2 Functional specifications C.2.1 C.2.2 C.2.3 C.2.4 C.2.5 Physical C.2.6 RF C.2.7 C.2.8 C.3 C.3.1 mounting C.3.2 height C.3.3 C.3.4 Applying protection. C.4 C.4.1 protection C.4.2 RF ground C.5 C.6 the high D: of the HART command
Reference AA
Reference AA Section Introduction Introduction Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated warning to the following operation preceded this to follow these installation death or serious injury. should the installation. death or serious atmosphere, that the with intrinsically or the operating atmosphere of the with the locations shock death or serious when with the leads and of the Rosemount Wireless installation-ready that to or with option Wireless with and continuously measured wireless with HART protected industry leading security Section Introduction
Section Introduction Functions of the Background of operations that that to of flow. The of the pickoffs mounted the The of collected of the The Rosemount Wireless function to the of and then this information to flow and This information then Wireless HART to the Gateway. The Wireless Gateway should and functioning properly wireless the Black 701PBKKF the Rosemount to the Wireless should of from the Gateway, with the This and Active the Gateway to that the information the Wireless Gateway The should vertically, straight or straight and should approximately from building, or to allow clear to other Reference AA Introduction
Reference AA Choosing location and Introduction (or the to from installation, that each sealed with with thread sealant, or or with thread sealant. Locating A. Connecting the to the The to connected the to interface with the P/N COMM choosing location and account to the performance, the should with such as or as the or framework the performance. Section Introduction
Section Introduction operating atmosphere Caring the The Rosemount self-powered. The included Black C lithium/thionyl Each approximately of lithium, of each the self-contained and reactive as as the and the should to thermal, or mechanical should protected to through the the of the head. to clearance cover and option). the operating atmosphere of the with the locations the from of heat The within specifications and F and C). Heat from the from the switch to the housing. If the expected or or mount the to thermally isolate from the process. to F With LCD to C to F Without LCD to C Reference AA to F to C to F to C Introduction
Reference AA Service Product Introduction To the of North Emerson Within the United States, the Emerson toll-free The which hours with information or The and numbers, and Authorization (RMA) The the to which the exposed. who products to they of, and the If the to as OSHA, of the (MSDS) each included with the Wireless Products (Lithium The shipped without the the from the lithium or the U.S. of Transportation. They covered IATA (International Association), ICAO (International Aviation and ARD Transportation of It the responsibility of the shipper to with these or other and Recycling of and should The and should of with and legislation. Section Introduction
Section Introduction Reference AA Introduction
Reference AA Section Connecting the or polarity the the the to Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated warning to the following operation preceded this to follow these death or serious injury. should the installation. death or serious injury. atmosphere, that the with intrinsically or the operating atmosphere of the with the locations shock death or serious injury. when with the leads and The Rosemount Wireless with of or the optional option D1, the Rosemount with inch shows the input to the terminals the To anchor the wires the and the screws. to properly ground the the ground Section
Section the the the the R1 option mount), the or high-voltage and or the leads and terminals when with the leads and the following to the and supply to the the cover. the leads to the to ground the accordingly. the Black the and the LCD and the the cover and C A. input B. HART C. ground polarity using Communicator, to the using the F2 AMS Wireless implemented when the Apply clicked. Reference AA
Reference AA Supported Unit the with AMS Wireless AMS Wireless of connecting to directly, using HART or with the the with HART the then choose the (or right and the using the Direct with the the then choose the (or right and the using the Wireless To or the following The following the Flowrate US US US US Hour US Hour Hour Hour Hour Second Hour Section
Section the to If the to the and the the to and the reporting or the K-factor the reported Flow To with the and the the to with the wireless or AMS Wireless the Network ID and they match the Network ID and of the and the other the If the Network ID and the with the The Network ID and obtained from the Gateway the the or clicking information the right corner. Communicator, the Network ID and using with the The the Rate which, It commissioning, or AMS or the The Rate should and To the Rate with the If top the installation. the the and the housing securely. that touches Reference AA
Reference AA Section Mounting Mounting the LCD Grounding the Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated to the following this to follow these death or serious injury. should the installation. death or serious atmosphere, that the with intrinsically or field the operating atmosphere of the with the locations shock death or serious when with the leads and This with of the FCC to the following This interference. This interference received, including interference that operation. This to of from Section Mounting
Section Mounting the the mount The Rosemount Wireless of Direct Mount (D1): The connected directly to the housings entry. instructions, the mount Remote Mount (R1): The or mounted from the housing, then connected to the Rosemount instructions, the mount Direct Mount C A. B. C. NPT to flow and Direct mount should when using and such as the to to thread of the the to the terminals as indicated the This already included the D1 mount) option. Reference AA Mounting
Reference AA Mounting C A. input B. HART C. ground the housing to the using the threaded entry. threads NPT and to to Screw the should already to threads the D1 mount) option. Wireless should only the Wireless of from the Wireless Gateway with the This and installation. the Black the housing cover and to specification. that touches the straight or straight Section Mounting
Section Mounting the mount The should from or to allow clear to other Positioning rotation shown. allows Remote Mount C A. B. Rosemount C. Included: of the or to to thread of the the through the the Then the through the gland. to the of the to to the or to the as shown the Reference AA Mounting
Reference AA Remote (optional) Mounting Wireless should the Wireless of from the with the This and If the the as shown the housing cover and to specifications. the housing covers that touches the vertically, straight or straight as shown The should approximately from or to allow clear to other The option flexibility mounting the Rosemount based wireless connectivity, protection, and mount the established procedures to or with high-power the with and and protection. with the inspector, officer, and The option specifically to while wireless performance and To wireless performance and with regulations, the of or the type. If the mount these instructions, Emerson wireless performance or with regulations. The mount includes that the and location where the wireless performance. Ideally this the ground or or To the of the following The WN option Section Mounting
Section Mounting WN option LCD Mount the the mounting the directly to the top of the Rosemount the grounding washer, and top of the to the the LMR-400 the than from the the to each the wireless and the mounting and grounded to of should If LCD shipped attached to the The optional LCD rotated the rotating and back If the LCD from the interface board, the the LCD back the LCD To the LCD and the following instructions: the LCD cover. the cover when the the four-pin the LCD to the and the following LCD to F to C) to F to C) the cover. Rosemount Wireless LCD The match LCD to and refresh Reference AA Mounting
Reference AA Grounding the Mounting LCD splay A. LCD B. LCD C. LCD cover The Rosemount operates with the housing grounded. Floating however, that the of the Rosemount If the appears or the Grounding of the should with and Grounding accomplished through the using the internal or grounding grounding grounding the options recommended the facility the or output shield to the grounded housing. the housing electrically isolated from the or C A. B. Rosemount C. ground C Section Mounting
Section Mounting Reference AA Mounting
Reference AA Section Commissioning Commissioning the to with the wireless AMS Wireless to the to within the operation Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated warning to the following operation preceded this to follow these death or serious the installation. death or serious injury. atmosphere, the with intrinsically or the operating atmosphere of the with the locations shock death or serious injury. when with the leads and The Rosemount and other wireless should the Gateway and functioning properly. should of from the Gateway, with the to the Gateway. This and installation. Section Commissioning
Section Commissioning the to with the wireless to with the Wireless Gateway, and the the to with the wireless This the wireless of wires from to the or AMS Wireless the Network ID and that they match the Network ID and of the and other the If the Network ID and the with the The Network ID and obtained from the Gateway the Setup>Network>Settings the shown Network Reference AA Commissioning
Reference AA AMS Wireless to the to within the K-Factor Commissioning Right the Rosemount and the to Network and follow the to the Network ID and The the Network ID and The Network ID and the wireless using the following both Network ID and Function items Network ID, Wireless The K-factor to the to input The K-factor of It to the with the K-factor that to the that attached to. If the K-factor properly, the of the reported and affected. the replaced, the K-factor should and/or accordingly to match. If the K-factor specified to when the shipped without K-factor this the K-factor obtained the or the flow The of (Not when the K-factor the K-factor, the that input to the K-factor This that the of the the as of the K-factor. If this the of noted, and the to the the K-factor To of this should only when the flow through the attached Section Commissioning
Section Commissioning Tree Service Refresh Active History F: A: M: Comm:Connected Flow Rate Rate to N/W Information Revisions Security to N/W Rate Wireless HART Security Information Flow Rate Refresh Active History Summary Mapped Flow Rate History Comm: Connected Routine S. N. Universal Software DD Revision MAC Revision Software Revision Revision Brdcst Rate Protect Unlocked the Unlocked Network ID to N/W Broadcast Info Flow Meas and History Protect Stat: Unlocked the S. N. Source HI-HI HI LO-LO LO Flow Rate Warning Warning Thres Thres Clear History of Previous PV SV TV QV Flow Rate of Units of of History Refresh History New Counts to Flow Rate Reference AA k-factor Units Flow Units Flow Cutoff Flow Rate of Secondary Third Fourth Units PV SV TV QV PV SV/ TV QV Flow Rate of Commissioning
Reference AA operation Commissioning There four to operation: the optional (LCD), the using the Wireless integrated interface, or using AMS Wireless If the Rosemount with the Network ID and and passed, the connected to the Troubleshooting If the to the the of the Network ID and and that Active the Gateway. The Network ID and the match the Network ID and of the Gateway. the The LCD displays the the or optionally Section More information obtained the cover of the Rosemount and the DIAG The LCD the as shown Press the to the TAG, ID, Software Revision, Network ID, Network and Network ID Network ID Network The chevron-shaped the top of the the of the process. the the connected to the wireless This shown, Section Commissioning o
Section Commissioning Network Searching Connected with Connected C Connecting with DD HART Function items Communication of Neighbors, of Heard, of Checking the Wireless Gateway the integrated interface from the Gateway, to the This shows whether the the and properly. The to the to the the of and the of the existing with to It to to the existing Reference AA Commissioning
Reference AA AMS Wireless Commissioning the the appear the as illustrated below. Troubleshooting If the to the the of the Network ID and and that Active the Gateway. The Network ID and the match the Network ID and of the Gateway. The Network ID and from the Gateway the right information. The Network ID and the wireless the following Function items Wireless to Network Section Commissioning
Section Commissioning Reference AA Commissioning
Reference AA Section and operation information and operation health LCD the EtherNet/IP and OPC The of when the reached. The below to of to the the The the to the reaches the the the from The to to and that the of the reduced as the to the below or the tree Typical LCD Years Hours Seconds UK Seconds US Seconds Years Years Years Seconds Seconds Seconds The affected the the to with of to of the to rather than Section and Typical
Section and the LCD health The Rosemount Wireless the to the LCD of the and flow the attached reduced when operating this rates the would reduced from year to life. More information the rates found LCD AMS Wireless or the Rosemount to the HART and the Rosemount DD. the Rosemount and C Through the the Rosemount to the HART to that the connected to the wireless and reporting On Emerson Wireless this to the PV_HEALTHY. The PV_HEALTHY when the the and its or and the PV functioning properly. of PV_HEALTHY that the off of the the or that there PV. the of of PV_HEALTHY, recommended to that the connected to the and to action. Reference AA and
Reference AA LCD and The transmitted match LCD to and refresh The following when the first connected to the On to there the LCD to Information which characters characters Section and
Section and o Rate Screen board to the DD reading the to the DD Screen least this Reference AA and
Reference AA and The following when the operating properly and the pressed. o Information which characters characters to ID Software Revision of the software of the Network ID the the this ID the what the with Network the and and reading the Section and
Section and Network These the of the shown the fourth of the C C the to the the restarted the to the the and Force to the the searching the Network Reference AA and
Reference AA and o the to Screen the connected to the Network, Quarantined Screen the and with the and and Section and
Section and The following the the of the Screen o o Screen there which the from operating correctly there warning which should should the below of operating the Black 701PBKKF below the recommended operating this self-operated the should the supply should increased information from the the the and publishing HART Reference AA and
Reference AA and o Rosemount Wireless LCD of the such that of the affected the to which item(s) to corrected Screen switch attached to the and readings from that switch the switch and switch information of the Screen of the wireless to as Section and
Section and the the to replaced, the cover and the the with Black 701PBKKF Then the cover and to touches the replaced, to AMS Wireless to the function. This the the the The from where the recorded (within The when the to of the totalized the the to the recorded the The Black with the wireless C lithium/thionyl batteries. Each approximately of lithium, of each the self-contained and reactive as as the and the should to thermal, or mechanical should protected to when the from of Battery when with battery, and should of If recycling through recycler the information. The shipped to without the the to Each C lithium batteries. lithium the U.S. of Transportation, and covered International Association (IATA), International Aviation (ICAO), and Transportation of (ARD). It the responsibility of the shipper to with these or other and Reference AA and
Reference AA EtherNet/IP and OPC and Following of that Modbus, EtherNet/IP and OPC These the Wireless Gateway and found the interface of the Gateway. of these and and this noted the The to the and the readback of the of the EtherNet/IP, and OPC Read/Write SUPPLY_VOLTAGE the supply of the the health of SUPPLY_VOLTAGE_HEALTHY ELECTRONICS_TEMPERATURE the TOTALIZED_VOLUME the that the measured AVERAGE_FLOW_RATE the instantaneous flow that of the DD ACCUMULATOR_RESET this to the of counts the ACCUMULATOR_STATE What the totalized of the the Rosemount Below the where the totalized_ and mapped. This to to the of the Modbus, OPC, or EtherNet/IP Wireless Gateway Section and Read
Section and to the the though there active flow the To the of the follow the below. to To the of the OPC, follow the below. to OPC To the of the EtherNet/IP, follow the below. to EtherNet/IP The the wireless or locally the wired the the to temporarily offline and to the wireless the choose to the with the as has, or to the to the that when the the the to that the K-factor the should to the K-factor used. The allows the to which the and input This through to the wireless Reference AA and
Reference AA Flow cut-off to the and The flow heavily the flow The of the to the flow of second. the to reduce increase the of the reported The to the to rates below the threshold. the The to The input to the input the to count There Normal and Reduced. the Normal the flow readings. The Reduced should where interference causing of performance, such as counts/showing when the If the Reduced selected, should to the properly reporting flow, The the wireless through the wireless located the housing cover, or to the wired To of the should only when the flow through the attached Section and
Section and Reference AA Operation and
Reference AA Specifications and Reference A.1 Specifications A.1.1 Functional specifications Specifications and Reference Specifications information Wireless IEC Wireless HART DSSS from (WK option) of EIRP (WM option) of EIRP High Remote (WN option) of EIRP The optional LCD and information. each wireless or constantly when the the optional LCD option. Wireless to A: Specifications and Reference
A: Specifications and Reference A.1.2 Physical Reference F C), and routing three Continuous to F or F) C or C) reduce specified than Wireless Intrinsically Lithium-Thionyl with PBT Communication terminals permanently to of Housing or Polyurethane Cover and PBT PBT/PC NPT without LCD with M5 LCD without LCD with M5 LCD NEMA 4X, and IP66/67 Reference AA Specifications and Reference
Reference AA A.1.3 input specifications A.1.4 Performance Specifications and Reference Mounting directly to switch, to (EMC) of EN Wireless when tested the of IEC60770-1 or with high Wireless when tested the of IEC60770-1 field with or with Without LCD to F to C With LCD to F to C A: Specifications and Reference to F to C to F to C
A: Specifications and Reference A.2 A-1. Rosemount Shown with Optional Shown without Optional and HART A. Wireless HART B. NPT to flow C. screw assembly inches Shown with HART C D. E. cover F. (this Reference AA Specifications and Reference
Reference AA A-2. Rosemount Mounting with Optional Mounting Bracket A. Mounting B. mounting C. screw assembly NPT to E. inches Specifications and Reference A: Specifications and Reference C
A: Specifications and Reference A.3 information Table A-1. Rosemount Information The offering the options. The options should selected The Expanded offering to Product (with type D1 Direct mount R1 mount leads included) Housing housing housing SST threads NPT NA Location I5 U.S.A Intrinsically I6 Intrinsically N5 U.S.A. Non-incendive N6 Non-incendive I1 ATEX IU ATEX Intrinsic I7 Intrinsic IY Wireless options Wireless operating and WA3 DSSS, IEC Wireless HART) wireless and WK1 (I.S. separately) WM1 (I.S. WJ1 Remote separately) WN1 High-gain, (I.S. Reference AA Specifications and Reference
Reference AA Table A-1. Rosemount Wireless Information The offering the The options should selected The Expanded offering to Other (Include with selected M5 LCD Mounting B4 Universal mounting 2-inch mounting SST and Factor (k-factor) Factory and C1 wireless Typical D1 I6 WA3 M5 B4 C1 Black shipped separately, 701PBKKF or factory and Table A-2. and and Assembly, mount option Assembly, mount option Remote Housing Bracket 701PBKKF Black Specifications and Reference A: Specifications and Reference
A: Specifications and Reference Reference AA Specifications and Reference
Reference AA Product B.1 Union Directive Information B.2 Telecommunication B.3 FCC and IC B.4 Ordinary Location from CSA B.5 North America Product Union Directive Information FCC and IC Ordinary Location from CSA North America of the EC Declaration of Conformity found the of the The of the EC Declaration of Conformity found www.rosemount.com. wireless to that they to the of the RF Nearly every country this type of Emerson with governmental around the to supply products and the of country or wireless This with of the FCC to the following This interference. This interference received, including interference that operation. This to of from The examined and tested to that the the basic mechanical, and fire protection CSA, nationally laboratory (NRTL) as accredited the Occupational and Health Administration (OSHA). The US National (NEC) and the (CEC) the of and The the and class. This information clearly the respective B: Product
B: Product USA I5 U.S.A. Intrinsically (IS) CSA FM FM UL Eleventh Edition, UL Edition, ANSI/ISA-60079-0 ANSI/ISA-60079-11 ANSI/IEC IS CL I, DIV GP A, B, C, T4; Class IIC T4 T4 C C) when Rosemount 4X; IP66; OC /U MAX /U SC /I MAX /I MAX /P MAX /P C N/A C /C N/A N/A /L N/A N5 U.S.A. CSA FM FM UL Eleventh Edition, UL Edition), ANSI/IEC NI CL I, DIV GP A, B, C, T4; T4 C C); 4X; IP66; Conditions (X): with the 701P or Rosemount P/N 753-9220-XXXX Battery The of the than 1G To charge build-up, or cleaned with or cloth. I6 Intrinsically (IS) CSA CAN/CSA C22.2 CAN/CSA C22.2 94-M91, CSA C22.2 CAN/CSA-60079-0 CAN/CSA-60079-11 CSA C22.2 CAN/CSA-C22.2 IS CL I, DIV GP A, B, C, T4; IIC T4 T4; T4 C C) when Rosemount 4X; IP66; Reference AA Product
Reference AA Product OC /U MAX /U SC /I MAX /I MAX /P MAX /P N/A C N/A N/A N/A N6 Nonincendive CSA CAN/CSA C22.2 CAN/CSA C22.2 94-M91, CSA C22.2 213-M1987 (R2013), CAN/CSA-60079-0 CAN/CSA C22.2 CAN/CSA-C22.2 Class A, B, C, T4; T4 C C); 4X; IP66; Conditions (X): with the 701P or Rosemount P/N 753-9220-XXXX Battery The of the than 1G To charge build-up, or cleaned with or cloth. I1 ATEX EN EN II IIC T4 T4(-60 C C) with Rosemount or with Emerson option 701PBKKF. C N/A N/A Conditions (X): The of the than 1G To charge build-up, or cleaned with or cloth. The of and protective polyurethane finish; however, should to from or located B: Product
B: Product IU ATEX Intrinsic EN EN II IIC T4 T4(-60 C C) with Rosemount or with Emerson option 701PBKKF. C N/A N/A Conditions (X): The of the than 1G To charge build-up, or cleaned with or cloth. The of and protective polyurethane finish; however, should to from or located International I7 Intrinsic BAS 14.0173X IEC IEC IIC T4 T4 C C) with Rosemount or with Emerson option 701PBKKF. C N/A N/A Conditions (X): The of the than 1G To charge build-up, or cleaned with or cloth. The of and protective finish; however, should to it from or located input Reference AA Product
Reference AA Product IY Intrinsic BAS 14.0173X IEC IEC IIC T4 T4 C C) with Rosemount or with Emerson option 701PBKKF. C N/A N/A Conditions (X): The of the than 1G To charge build-up, or cleaned with or cloth. The of and protective polyurethane finish; however, should to from or located input B: Product
B: Product B.6 B-1. Rosemount Reference AA Product
Reference AA Product B: Product
B: Product Reference AA Product
Reference AA C High Remote Option C.1 C.1.1 C.2 Functional C.2.1 High Option Functional Installation the high Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated warning to the following this mount the wireless field established to or with high-power the wireless field with and and protection. with the inspector, officer, and The wireless option specifically to flexibility while wireless performance and To wireless performance and with the of or the type. If the mount these instructions, Emerson wireless performance or with of overhead Wireless HART DSSS (Direct C: High Remote Option
C: High Remote Option C.2.2 C.2.3 C.2.4 C.2.5 Physical specifications C.2.6 RF C.2.7 C.2.8 from High Remote (WN option) of EIRP Isotropically Radiated High Remote (WJ1 option): of EIRP of with duty, LMR400 Remote mount WJ1 MIL-STD-810G Procedure and II) Lightning MUST grounded and Mounting Bracket or inch plated mounting NEMA 4X, and IP66/67 Reference AA High Remote Option
Reference AA C.3 C.3.1 mounting C.3.2 height C.3.3 C.3.4 protection C.4 considerations C.4.1 Gateway protection High Remote Option Mount vertically Mount with clear of sight. that securely to the to than foot from the It to the to the of the or from the C-1. Location A. the that included the high mounting Follow included instructions the including protection interface and to other C: High Option
C: High Remote Option C.4.2 RF ground C.5 C-2. RF A. B. C. the RF ground C D. Lightning E. Mounting Reference AA [X] PLS High Remote Option
Reference AA C.6 the high High Option Mount the following mounting as outlined the and Product the RF Lightning to the and A. RF to mounting and C: High Remote Option
C: High Option and the to both the and the connected to the the than the allowing to flow from the Apply the around each of the and the the RF completely sealed. Reference AA High Remote Option
Reference AA High Remote Option Attach to mounting Tighten to and C: High Remote Option
C: High Remote Option Reference AA High Option
Reference AA of the HART of the HART This the the HART Additional the Wireless The information this section and the Rosemount Wireless Gateway Additional OPC, of Additional the Rosemount Wireless Gateway. Table D-1 to Table D-2 the and the Wireless Table D-3 to Table D-5 shows of the that the AMS Wireless and Communication together with the location of the the HART Additional field. To Active from the to Service Active Table D-1. flow Table D-2. Index PV SV Flow Rate TV QV D: of the HART
D: of the HART Table D-3. (F:) Additional the memory and/or The based to the The wireless or The supply too the to Location of the the HART field. Table D-4. (M:) Additional Flow Rate Saturated The supply and Location of the the HART field. The the The flow the operating The the of the HART Reference AA and to of the and the
Reference AA of the HART D-5. Advisory (A:) Additional Memory Warning The to write to the memory. written this Warning The the threshold Totalized The The count the threshold HI HI the user HI the LO the LO LO the HI HI Flow the user HI Flow the LO Flow the user LO LO Flow the the detected as the active Non-Critical Warning written match expected Active The and reporting information Location of the the HART field D: of the HART
D: of the HART of the HART Reference AA
Headquarters Emerson MN USA or North America Office Emerson MN USA or America Office Emerson USA Office Emerson P.O. CH Office Emerson East and Africa Office Emerson Emerson FZE P.O. South United Terms and Conditions of found www.rosemount.com\terms_of_sale. The Emerson and service of Emerson Rosemount and Rosemount of Rosemount Inc. AMS of Emerson HART and Wireless HART of the of the Group. of Company. EtherNet/IP of International ODVA. of Inc. Rosemount Inc. rights Reference AA