and P/N MMI-20012741, Motion 2200S and
Motion, Inc. rights ELITE and and MVD and MVD Direct of Motion, Inc., Motion of Motion, Inc., The Motion and Emerson and service of Emerson other property of their owners.
Chapter You This chapter to the of this This the procedures to and troubleshoot the 2200S If know what Section instructions the type from the the throughout this to and each proceeding to the this This four as Table Table Section Commissioning and testing and Procedures and and and and and Information and procedures troubleshooting and troubleshooting and troubleshooting. Appendices Reference information and through information that Procedures testing Procedures and write-protecting You
You 2200S options the located the The of the following 2200S*(H or K)******** this with the with the the information the characters the information the information that and to the information. information With II With With software info OFF-LINE MAINT VER Software Revision Software II About II Not Not Section E.2 Not Communication To and the 2200S required. You of the following the with the following II software, and Information the Chapter and the to Motion and using information II and connecting II to D. information, the II the Motion (www.micromotion.com). information the and connecting the to E. information, the the Motion (www.micromotion.com). You to other from Emerson such as AMS of AMS this Motion 2200S Motion 2200S
You Table that or Table Topic Motion 2200S the shipped with the or the from the Motion (www.micromotion.com) Motion service service, phone the the U.S.A., phone 800-522-MASS (toll-free) and America, Customers the U.S.A. Motion service and other locations, phone the U.K., phone (toll-free) other locations, phone (The You
Motion 2200S
Chapter This chapter people who already or of the and options the 2200S The following provided: and Section Section flowcharts If On using the II, or the C, D, or E. On and topics, On through On testing and Chapter and To though the shown the shown. information and instructions each through and the Section II Section the Section Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Chapter Motion 2200S Characterize the flow flow type (optional) Chapter with Chapter and to the
The this section to and information about and If of this and each Worksheet software HART Chapter Characterization K1 K2 FD D1 D2 TC Flowcal Flow Flow Units flow (GSV) Units and Software Flow Other Cutoff Other Units Cutoff Other Cutoff Other Other High Duration Bidirectional Other Other Other Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Worksheet Units Units Flow factor factor Static Other severity Motion 2200S Other English Spanish French and Other LMV timeout Other
Worksheet include DCS includes and (PV) GSV flow LRV URV AO Other Other action Downscale Commissioning Operation and Troubleshooting Appendices
Worksheet action Downscale Not-a-Number Flow to HART flow (SV, TV, QV) GSV (process) flowcharts This section the following flowcharts the 2200S II through These flowcharts based software II Motion 2200S DD slightly of these Motion 2200S Disabled and and Top information and testing) information the and the C. GSV inventory inventory GSV inventory PV PV and of HART and PV LPO RPO
II II from to to from Preferences Inventory Compensation options information about using the II and to to Commissioning II On Information Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
II Flow Flow Flow Flow flow flow flow type flow flow factor factor factor AO AO AO action AO (level-shifted) AO (from measured timeout Displayed only Flow to Displayed Flow to Motion 2200S high K1 K2 FD D1 D2 (DT) factor type Floating of Factory HART HART ID options offline offline ack burst Additional options Flow factor factor
II PV SV TV QV totl inventory totl inventory and FTG FFQ DTG DFQ1 DFQ2 K3 D3 D4 K4 Severity SV TV QV Can to the assignment. Units flow fact text text fact flow text text flow fact flow text text Displayed only Flow to Displayed only Flow to flow Wave Wave Wave totl totl Commissioning and Troubleshooting
action Acknowledge On factory write write factory Can from Can from or HART Motion 2200S Diag/Service severity severity severity Acknowledge selected Refresh PV PV URV PV LRV or Scaled AO1 LPO RPO RTD RTD RTD count SV TV QV
Charize type only) selection Flow factor factors Other FlowCal FCF FTG FFQ D1 K1 D2 K2 DTG FD DFQ1 DFQ2 DT FD D3 K3 D4 K4 Flow factor factor Flowcal Static factor factor factor Static and Flow flow flow high HART timeout Comm AO Displayed Selection to Other. Displayed Selection to Can from Can from or Additional options PV PV AO PV AO AO1 option SV TV QV Read Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
information assembly option board Construction Revision Displayed Motion 2200S offline ACK offline
and Select EXIT The to allow from the Section The to allow and from the Section top and Select seconds SEE ALARM VER and STOP/START YES? Select CONFG SIM STOP/START Select OFF-LINE MAINT EXIT ZERO RESET Select RESET YES? Select EXIT Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
information Motion 2200S and Select seconds OFF-LINE MAINT info Select VER Select EXIT
Units, AO, Factors and Select seconds OFF-LINE MAINT Select CONFG Select UNITS Select MASS VOL DENS TEMP PRESS EXIT and Either or GSV displayed, Flow AO Additional options Select SRC EXIT MTR Select MASS VOL DENS EXIT Commissioning and Troubleshooting
If to the offline the offline as as To access, II or the If Rate displayed immediately the If displayed immediately the Motion 2200S VOL Select VOL TYPE EXIT DISPLAY Select TOTALS RESET TOTALS STOP DISPLAY OFFLN DISPLAY ALARM DISPLAY ACK AUTO SCRLL OFFLINE PASSW DISPLAY RATE DISPLAY LANG EXIT LOCK
testing) and and Select seconds OFF-LINE MAINT Select Select SET MAO Select SET Select SET Select Select SET Select SIM the the EXIT Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
and Select seconds OFF-LINE MAINT CAL ZERO ZERO/YES? CAL PASS CAL FAIL Troubleshoot Motion 2200S Select ZERO Select Select Select Select RESTORE ZERO Factory RESTORE ZERO RESTORE EXIT Select EXIT Select Select RESTORE ZERO/YES? Select
and and Select seconds SEE ALARM Select ACK ALL Select EXIT Select Select ACK Select This only the ACK ALL function Section and there unacknowledged Active/ unacknowledged NO ALARM EXIT Commissioning and Troubleshooting
Motion 2200S
Chapter Ready to This chapter information and that or and The following topics Applying to the Section and Section with Section and Section and reporting options Section Applying To apply to the and covers. WARNING! that the Warning closed and the housing cover applying the without covers that death, injury, or property Apply to the The the completed its the The the and If there active or Informational the ALM_F or ALM_I with the Section information severity Informational, and The ready to approximately the sufficiently, and instability or inaccuracy. If this, approximately If the follow troubleshooting and Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Ready to and To and the the or II: to the HART as below: information II, D. information the E. the HART as required. HART The HART the You to the the To the HART If the HART to and the Section information Current If the software the HART Devices the the HART or the software to with the To the software the and the with the If the Motion the the from If the the the from the and below, know which the Action to Downscale) Performing the Performing or AO these Motion included the and II. These based the Section If using the or II, to manually Section Specifying the The II and the to the that whether to or Both II and the to specify this information whenever Motion 2200S HART Parity Stop the HART II, the Information II,
Ready to the shown: If include the Motion If include the Motion know the location of the and the If to the Dont The and II both options Converting output shown Table Table output Conversion to the the to the the and If the the and the If the the and the host, Motion DCS DCS Commissioning and Troubleshooting
Ready to (DMM) to the I/O At the of You know or implemented the DCS. there and tricks This section information that and Write-protection to write-protection. To this: II, then that the write-protection option the Diag/Service Action Protect the and and the commonly A. Restoring factory If II or the the factory to to To this: II, then Factory the Diag/Service Action Factory rewritten. This action from the Motion 2200S Convert to the the and the this or to the the off-line Select the and to that the option disabled. the and
Ready to and reporting options the that from the 2200S, and each of them displayed, reported, or to this as the Table and options flow GSV (process) GSV inventory inventory GSV inventory LPO RPO and GSV and HART PV HART SV HART TV HART QV reporting, and options Commissioning and Troubleshooting
Motion 2200S
Chapter The the from the include the following: Characterization Section flow Section flow Section Section Section Section Section to the and that complying with Characterizing the Characterizing the the to the of the paired with. The characterization or the to flow, and If the and together, the characterized the factory. You to characterize the the and paired together the first to the characterization The characterization Table The characterization the and Commissioning and Troubleshooting
Characterization K1 when with K2 when with FD correction factor high flow rates D1 of K1 D2 of K2 TC to the of the Flow factor to the relationship and flow and the of the To characterize the using the Charize the Selection Other the Flow the FlowCal the the of the Table To characterize the II: Click On the to Curved On the Flow the Flow On the the of the flow The Flow Direction Flow Flow The Flow Direction the reports flow and flow to or subtracted from the of flow, flow, or flow. flow the of the arrow the the of the arrow the Motion 2200S
Flow Direction Bidirectional Effects of flow the of Flow Direction the flow assigned to the the LRV to the LRV to both the If includes the Motion the as follows: URV LRV of these the following the the of Flow Direction and the reported Table Effect of flow LRV Flow Flow Negate/Forward only URV LRV To the LRV and URV, Section and flow flowing from flow arrow flowing as flow arrow flow flow flow Flow Bidirectional Negate/Bidirectional Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
of LRV Flow Flow only Negate/Forward output URV LRV To the LRV and URV, Section Motion 2200S flow flowing from flow arrow flowing as arrow Flow LRV URV the first of flow, the of the of flow, the of flow, to flow of the output of the and to (the of) the flow of flow, (the of) the or the to the to and higher rates. flow flow flow flow flow Flow Bidirectional Negate/Bidirectional
and Flow LRV URV the of flow or flow, the of the of to flow of the of the and to the of the flow of flow, the of the or the of the to the of the flow to and higher Flow LRV URV the first of flow, the of flow, to of the of the and to (the of) the of flow, (the of) the or the of the to the flow to and higher rates. of flow, to flow of the of the and to the of the flow of flow, the of the flow or the of the to the flow to level-shifted), and higher Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Table Effect of flow and Flow Increase Bidirectional Increase Increase Negate/Forward Negative Negate/Bidirectional Decrease Negative Flow Flow Negative Increase Negative Bidirectional Decrease Negative Increase Negate/Forward Increase Negate/Bidirectional Increase to the of whether flow or To flow the Flow II, Flow You flow with the Flow flow the information Section To the Flow II, Flow You with the Motion 2200S Flow Flow Flow Flow Flow Flow flow flow flow
flow The flow the and reports flow. You flow If the only the flow The flow of If the to listed, Section Table flow Unit II G/S G/MIN G/H hour KG/S KG/MIN KG/H hour KG/D T/MIN tons T/H mTon/hr tons hour T/D tons LB/S LB/MIN LB/H hour LB/D ST/MIN Short tons pounds) ST/H STon/h sTon/hr Short tons pounds) hour ST/D Short tons pounds) LT/H LTon/h lTon/hr tons pounds) hour LT/D tons pounds) SPECL Section To the flow the Flow II, Flow the and Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
flow If the flow below the cutoff, the the flowrate. The the The recommended of the rated the following: The to or the measured below the flow cutoff, and therefore the flow to the from the flow The flow reported the the AO Section information. To the cutoff: the Flow II, Flow You the flow with the To flow: to the You flow with the Specify the existing that the based Specify the existing that the based and specify the factor. This to the from the and the the following Assign to the flow. Assign to the to the associated and inventory. Motion 2200S If the Flow If using II, Units BaseUnit(s) SpecialUnit(s) BaseUnit(s) ConversionFactor SpecialUnit(s)
You to the flow ounces second. flow The flow the and reports flow. You flow type flow If Flow to GSV, the of If the only flow type and the type Flow allows to that (typical or choice the that If specify (GSV), the of Section To Flow the Flow II, Flow the flow as follows: liters/second GSV SCFM and the to pounds the to seconds and the factor: the as the and inventory as the to this flow. Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
the of flow GSV If the flow to listed, Section flow II Unit CUFT/S Cuft/s ft3/sec CUF/MN CUFT/H hour CUFT/D M3/S M3/MIN M3/H hour M3/D USGPS US U.S. USGPM US U.S. USGPH US U.S. hour USGPD US U.S. MILG/D US U.S. L/S L/MIN L/H hour UKGPS UKGPM UKGPH hour UKGPD BBL/S BBL/MN hour BBL/H BBL/D BBBL/S BBBL/MN hour BBBL/H BBBL/D SPECL Section Unit based U.S Unit based U.S Motion 2200S flow
Table flow II Unit NM3/S Not Nm3/sec Normal NM3/MN Not Normal NM3/H Not Normal hour NM3/D Not Normal NLPS Not NLPS Normal NLPM Not NLPM Normal NLPH Not NLPH Normal hour NLPD Not NLPD Normal SCFS Not SCFS SCFM Not SCFM SCFH Not SCFH hour SCFD Not SCFD SM3/S SM3/MN Not SM3/H Not hour SM3/D Not SLPS Not SLPS SLPM SLPM SLPH Not SLPH hour SLPD Not SLPD SPECL Spcl Section To the flow the Flow II, Flow the GSV flow You II to the of To the of Click Flow. If know the of reference this and Next and flow Commissioning and Troubleshooting
If know the of The displays and the If required, the to or GSV If the or GSV flow below the or GSV flow cutoff, the of or GSV flow. the following: If Flow to If Flow to GSV, the flow affected the or the flow cutoff. The or GSV flow the the AO cutoff. Section information. To the flow or GSV flow cutoff: the Flow II, Flow You the flow or GSV with the Motion 2200S Click the Click Choose and the If listed, and Next If listed, Other Property and the information. You its or If the the and the and which the finished, Next the reference and reference If these Reference Conditions and reference and reference Click Next The displayed. If the correct, The written to If the correct, and input as required. The flow affected the cutoff. Accordingly, the below its the flow to flow and the flow the cutoff. The affected the flow
or GSV flow To or GSV flow: to the You GSV flow with the You or GSV flow with the Specify the existing or GSV that the based Specify the existing that the based and the flow or GSV factor. This to the from the and the the following Assign to the or GSV flow. Assign to the to the associated or GSV and inventory. You to the flow second. and If the Flow If II, Units BaseUnit(s) SpecialUnit(s) BaseUnit(s) ConversionFactor SpecialUnit(s) the to the to seconds and the factor: the as the and inventory as the to this flow. Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
The the and reports You flow If the the The Table of Unit II SGU SGU SGU corrected) G/CM3 G/L G/ML KG/L KG/M3 LB/GAL U.S. LB/CUF lb/Cuft foot LB/CUI lbs/in3 inch ST/CUY Short ton To the the Communicator, II, the If the below the cutoff, the of Motion 2200S
the following: The to the If the below its the flow to The to the GSV The measured GSV To the cutoff: the II, You the with the the information Section To the II, You with the flow or appear The of significantly the reading. The flow the and to that correction. as follows: flow the below which of flow Typically, this the lowest processs High the which of flow Typically, this the highest processs the of seconds the flow the flow to to the flow and Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
If the flow: flow immediately. the the the the of the measured the outputs that flow and internal that include flow this If the the forces the flow to of the measured the outputs that and internal that include to within the the cleared and the flow to the measured The another density. flow seconds. the flow or lowering the high increase the of flow Conversely, lowering the or the high flow the of flow If flow to the flow forced to as as flow detected. To flow the II, You with the The the and reports You If the only the The C. of Motion 2200S
Table Unit II C C To the the Communicator, II, the the information Section To the II, You with the The 2200S the of the flow as the flow and to from optional. this only The 2200S the known correction factors the the which the (which therefore the which there the factor). PSI the correction factors and These as follows: Flow factor the the flow factor the and Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
or correction factors. the correction to used, the from the then the the correction factor of To and With the Communicator, With II, You with the with the Motion 2200S field Charize Flow Flowcal Static
with II Preferences the smooth fluctuations. the of seconds, which the to of the the process. high the appear to smoother the slowly. the appear to the flow, and Sections and specify rounded to the Motion recommends of the the following sections information the interact with other and Table Flow and and Apply Apply Flow factor factor Apply Apply Commissioning Operation and Troubleshooting Appendices
and the following: flow from and therefore, to and flow from from Therefore, to flow to accordingly. Interaction with the The If to flow, or the assigned to the and to the of the first, and the to the of that Section information the Motion 2200S
Chapter The the of the and The following Section Section this chapter information Section and Section These or operation, that to the and that complying with the You of to and actions the The often the refreshed with The milliseconds; the milliseconds to seconds). To the II, the The to English, or Spanish. Other of purchase. To the the II, the and Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
and The through to You the to displayed and the which they should appear. or If each shown the of seconds specified Whether or the manually through the Additionally, each the of to the right of the shown the to from to The the of the as processed, or the or The of If selection. shows of Notice that and specify information the appear the C. Table of flow flow to To the and the II, the Motion 2200S flow
and functions Table the functions and their when (shown) or that of the buttons the to the housing cover. To the buttons, the housing cover If to without using the buttons, to If the the housing cover to If to the active without the buttons, to both and If the the housing cover to the Table functions buttons? (shown) or or the buttons. the buttons. the and using the buttons. The through the of If active the the this section. the off-line and to the off-line the off-line without the and acknowledging If active the the this section. Acknowledge to acknowledge acknowledge once. individually. with severity of or Informational listed. with severity of listed. and the and the buttons. to the Active displayed. the off-line the Active displayed. Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
the following: If the to to the off-line the off-line as as the If to access, II or the Rate to the of when Rate each Section shown the The seconds; Rate to each shown the seconds. The unauthorized users from to the off-line The to four numbers. The of information from the the of and as shown Table and the following the Table information from the Flashes ALM_F with severity of active. Flashes ALM_I with severity of Informational active active. action with severity of active and Informational through Flashes ALM_F with severity of active. Flashes ALM_I with severity of Informational active active. action with severity of of active the manually to the of the Motion 2200S If the or the to the If using the or the to the the Flashes ALM_F with severity of active. Flashes ALM_I with severity of Informational active active. action with severity of to information from the Flashes ALM_F with severity of active. Flashes ALM_I with severity of Informational active active. action with severity of to information from the
to know which active. To and the II, the The 2200S operation. If the or the implemented. Performing the action and the action, and showing information the to the active severity which of these used. measured timeout to the action, only. The action immediately. severity classified three of severity. The severity when the Table and There and The when active. Information the Communicator, II, or the host. to the of active the allowed to the housing cover. There and The when active, and the the to the of to the of active the allowed to the housing cover. To this functionality: Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
severity Severity action If this the ALM_F flashes the the to the active and the actions Informational If this the ALM_I flashes the and the to the active actions If this the to the active the and actions You the severity The severity A020 factors the severity to Informational or The severity A102 Informational the severity to or of severity and whether or the severity Table information including and troubleshooting Table and severity A001 (Core A002 RAM (Core A003 Not A004 of A005 A006 Characterized A008 A009 Initializing/Warming A010 A011 Correction, too A012 Correction, too High Motion 2200S Affected severity LMV Timeout II (E)EPROM Checksum (CP) RAM (CP) Not Initializing/Warming Too Too High
and severity A013 too to A014 A016 RTD A017 RTD A020 Factors A021 A029 A030 Hardware/Software Incompatible A031 A033 Not A100 Saturated Info A101 Info A102 Info A104 Calibration-In-Progress Info A105 Flow Info A106 Info A107 Occurred A132 Active Info Can to Info or to and Affected severity LMV Timeout II Too RTD Out-of-Range RTD Out-of-Range Factors (FlowCal) Incorrect (K1) Communication Incorrect Not Saturated Flow Occurred Active Commissioning Operation and Troubleshooting
To severity: the Diag/Service Severity. II, You severity with the measured (LMV) timeout the immediately the action as as detected. only, the action the Measured (LMV Timeout) to the timeout the to its other the action immediately. the action immediately. information which affected LMV Timeout, Table To LMV Timeout: the AO AO1 II, You LMV Timeout with the The to the of They processing, and required. The following To the Communicator, Information II, You with the Motion 2200S
The to the as and Table The HART ID, which displayed once, and usually the factory to the If the HART ID its On the HART ID Table user-supplied Not processing, and length: characters. user-supplied Not processing, and required. length: characters. user-selected Not processing, and required. To the Information II, You with the If With II, the and right the top of the to the and month, then With Communicator, the and Commissioning Operation and Troubleshooting Appendices
Motion 2200S
the with the This chapter the following topics and the Section Section to the and that complying with the The to The the reported. Table the that the and shows the each the the and II. Table SRC PV PV LRV AO Not PV AO AO Not PV AO AO action Not AO1 AO action Not AO If the the LRV, and URV. Sections through and II PV URV Commissioning Operation and Troubleshooting
the with the Table the that assigned to the as the options flow MFLOW Flow VFLOW Flow GSV Flow Rate TEMP DENS DGAIN The assigned to the the PV HART You this the or the PV Section If the assigned to the the PV assignment automatically, and To the the AO II, the (LRV and URV) The output the assigned that from to You specify: The (LRV) the of the that of The (URV) the of the that of If the Motion the LRV of and of The URV affected. the following: The URV below the LRV; the URV to and the LRV to Each its LRV and URV. The the LRV and URV each the assignment the LRV and URV to the If the assignment, to the LRV and URV operation. LRV and URV Table Motion 2200S II
the with the LRV and URV LRV URV flow flow flow SCFM SCFM C C To the the AO II, the the that the assigned AO The AO the lowest flow or that reported through the or flow below the AO reported as The AO only the assigned to the output flow, flow, or GSV flow. If non-flow assigned to the the AO Cutoff option applications, the AO used. Motion the AO cutoff. Cutoffs the flow and Sections and If flow or flow assigned to the the flow cutoff, and the AO the the highest as shown the following and flow AO Cutoff: Flow Cutoff: the below the flow. Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
the with the To the AO cutoff: the AO II, You the AO with the the AO the that the assigned of seconds, which the to of the the process. the smooth fluctuations: high the appear to smoother the slowly. the appear to the output quickly. The that to the It affects the of the assigned to the applications, the used. Motion the the flow and and Sections If of these assigned to its to and to the of the first, and the to the of that the following Motion 2200S flow AO Cutoff: Flow Cutoff: the flow below the flow.
the with the To the AO II, You with the output action and The Action the to which the forced the internal shown Table Table actions and action N/A Downscale N/A to the output associated with of as URV and LRV N/A Tracks the assigned action that the action or and that indication, the of action, action, and HART If the Action to to the Action to Section If the and this or process. and Flow flow reflected the that than seconds. The the to internal algorithms which Commissioning and Troubleshooting
the with the Effects of action If the operating the of its Action to the the to the A031 and Action to Downscale, to the below the causing the to restored, the spontaneously If the supply to the within the specified the these should action the immediately the action when encountered. You the action LMV Timeout. Section with the and to the action as If choose to this, that the as If Action to that To the action and the AO II, You action and with the The the The following Action HART Software (HART PV, SV, TV, and QV assignments Section information the HART and the software Motion 2200S
the with the action The Action the that the internal Table the options Action. actions and II the than the incrementing. Downscale Downscale the than the incrementing. Flow rates to the that of and as as measured. incrementing. Not-a-Number Not-A-Number (NAN) IEEE NAN. reported as measured. incrementing. IntZero-Flow Flow to Flow rates reported as Other reported as measured. incrementing. reported as measured. started. If the Action to Section to the Action to If the and this or process. To the action: the Comm II, You Action with the The to or the If the the from the and therefore to If the Motion the appear to If the the as and Action Commissioning and Troubleshooting
the with the II to the HART to II the the checkbox). II to the HART to other II the to the the HART Whenever the to the HART to Whenever the to the HART to other If to this, first the HART as then II to To the II, You with the or the PV, SV, TV, and QV assignments the four HART the PV the SV (secondary the TV (tertiary and the QV such as flow assigned to each HART The of the assigned reported or The PV reported through the It or burst If the PV, the assigned to the automatically, and Section The SV, TV, and QV reported through They or burst Table the assignments the PV, SV, TV, and QV the 2200S assignments PV, SV, TV, and QV PV SV TV QV flow flow flow inventory inventory Motion 2200S
the with the Table assignments PV, SV, TV, and QV PV SV TV QV inventory LPO RPO To the PV, SV, TV, and QV assignments: the II, of which the broadcasts HART information the ordinarily and should another the burst If burst HART (as II) or the HART completely. If of these burst that HART the try HART from or USB HART that RTS the To burst to the You burst with the burst the Table If specified or specify the four to each and To the PV, the to the Section To the SV, TV, and QV, HART If the HART If using II, Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
the with the Table options Definition II PV The the each burst PV of range/current The the of and the each burst PV The four each If the Motion the to the the This burst typically with the HART the information. Motion 2200S The PV, SV, TV, and (QV) and the reading each burst C,
Testing and to Production This chapter information and procedures that testing the The following topics the Section testing Section the Section to the Section the Section Write-protecting the Section of the this chapter, to the and that complying with Flowmeter the establishes the of reference when there flow. The the factory, and should field to field to or to the factory the to the the amount of the to its reference The seconds. reference to This to the increased of flow, which incorrect to reference. the the high-severity active. Correct the then the You the low-severity active. Section information and If the recovery provided: Factory and Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Testing and to Production If of these to the to operation while troubleshooting the of the Section of these the to the If using the or the Factory If using II, both and Factory To the Apply to the Allow the to the through the the reaches the operating the downstream from the that the completely with that the flow completely CAUTION! that there flowing through the while process. If there the Performing the To the the the II, Motion 2200S
Testing and to Production Flowmeter and and Select seconds OFF-LINE MAINT ZERO/YES? CAL PASS CAL FAIL Troubleshoot Select ZERO Select Select Select ZERO EXIT of the Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Testing and Moving to Production II Motion 2200S Diag/Service Complete Troubleshoot LED LED Troubleshoot OK LED OK
Testing and to Production testing to: that the the and the whether or to the the following: the the CAUTION! the while the If II or the Communicator, the the that specified the If Dont The reading to You when the Section To the the Communicator, II, and If II, the and the the the other If the specify the Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Testing and to Production Motion 2200S and Select seconds OFFLINE MAINT OFFLINE SIM Select SET MAO Select SET Select Correct Troubleshoot SET Select Correct Troubleshoot Select SET Correct Troubleshoot EXIT
Testing and Moving to Production and Diag/Service Other END to Correct? Troubleshoot Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Testing and to Production II the the the and the that the might that the reports incorrectly as If the correctly, to that the actually If or the Motion the to include and Section You the both the and to the output To the the II, Additionally, AO The AO when the reference and high and To AO Motion 2200S Correct? Troubleshoot receiving
Testing and Moving to Production the following: the the CAUTION! the while the the measured the that specified the If specified Dont the should If required, Motion If the Communicator, the to and If using II, the measured and the the the other If using the the Diag/Service OK ENTER ENTER OK Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Testing and to Production II Motion 2200S Meas Next Read Next Meas Next
Testing and to Production Scaled AO Expanded the following as installation: the the 2200S as Section the 2200S and the I.S. or the Motion At the the to then the reading the host. At the the output to then the reading the host. If the readings the and Diag/Service Scaled AO CHANGE ENTER high ENTER PROCEED If third-party troubleshoot the and If the Motion the Instructions the Motion 2200S OK high OK Commissioning Operation and Troubleshooting Appendices
Testing and to Production to and troubleshoot the allows to the to as flow, and from the You of Testing and the to of without to those the the to the Locating or The the PLC, the grounding, or of other factors. to then the the and the the which the introduced. affects and and therefore affects that include these It CAUTION! that to the of To follow the below: If flow: and to when the and restoring the If II, the to PC. The from the PC to the required. To the to PC: to the II. Select from to Specify the and location of the To the to the II. Select to from Specify the and location of the Motion 2200S The to II, to Specify the type of wave, or wave. the If specified If specified wave or and
Testing and to Production Write-protecting the To to the write-protect the To write-protect the II: Click write-protection. To write-protect the the Select Diag/Service Action Protect To write-protect the using the the the off-line Select the and to the option. To write-protection, Section and Commissioning and Troubleshooting
Motion 2200S
Chapter the This chapter to the operation. The following topics and procedures Section Recording Section Section and acknowledging Section and the and Section II this section that already connected to the and established II that complying with information. If AMS, the interface to the II interface this chapter. this section that from the information. Warm-up If the the sufficiently, and or If this, approximately If the follow troubleshooting that the or the correctly: from or from If the to to the input to information, Section to and reported the as to installation. If and process. If reading from the or reading HART the and Commissioning and Troubleshooting
the Recording Motion that of the below, operating This when the high or and Record the following Flow information this information troubleshooting, Section You with the II, or the With the If the the the LCD shows the and the Units of shows the that or If each shown the of seconds specified Whether or the manually through the If than to the the Units of the and the the LCD inventory the Units of the and the of the inventory MASSI of the and the C. displayed or than displayed than displayed 1.000E08 Motion 2200S If the than the that the as there fractional numbers). If the too to displayed with the the reduced the shifted to the right) as that the displayed.
the With II To with II: The when first to the If closed the With the To with the Select through the of pressing Arrow If graphics-enabled, of the PV, SV, TV, and QV To this, the following: and inventory Other graphics implemented. The the such as and These implemented. the instructions the graphics function. and acknowledging or information including and troubleshooting Table About Each classified three severity Information, and Severity the to the reclassified, severity information severity Section The each The first active or inactive. The acknowledged or unacknowledged. and the Select Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
the the Its as follows: The severity the the that the cleared: The first to inactive. The The and to only). action to the to acknowledged. acknowledgment necessary. With the You the to or Informational active. provided. You the of active and Informational from the This You the to active and unacknowledged and Informational and acknowledge or If or Informational active, the flashes the ALM_F or ALM_I with the of If both and Informational active, ALM_F displayed. If the function If or and Informational active, the to the of Then: If or Informational active, the flashes the NO ALARM the of the Unacknowledged the of the Motion 2200S The first to active. The to unacknowledged. written to the active and the actions the LMV Timeout expired, Informational written to the active actions Both the and as active. written to the active and actions Both the and as active. If the active shown as the through the Whether or the manually to the of the The housing cover WARNING! If the or the housing cover. another to active
the To or acknowledge the the that the Acknowledge function or If the Acknowledge and acknowledged individually. With II II to information: The displays the of including LED inactive and LED active. The acknowledgment shown, and acknowledge from the three Informational, and The active and inactive unacknowledged and Information The LED inactive unacknowledged and LED active. High Priority and Priority. You and acknowledge from the The location of the or the affected the severity. as Informational, or or as High Priority or Priority. To the Click Select three Informational, and To the Click Select the High Priority and Priority, to the and Information severity Within each category: each that to acknowledge, the ACK checkbox. and To the category, the or that Within the active shown active with that cleared unacknowledged with Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
the With the The allows to the following actions related to of active Acknowledge Acknowledge once the To active and Information of the following Diag/Service then OK to through of active then OK to through of active The To acknowledge Diag/Service Acknowledge Selected then the To acknowledge with action, Diag/Service Action Acknowledge You to The each of the active and Information listed. Each The The cleared unacknowledged) The which the of seconds that this active, while the The To this or command. Motion To records the Diag/Service To clear the Diag/Service Action the and The of the amount of or measured the of The and and the and The track the as the inventory separately. This allows to of or and You the and with the II, or the Communicator. With the You with the the as Section Motion 2200S
the To or the TOTAL appears and the of To inventory or the TOTAL appears and: With II To the and with II: Click Select or With the To the and with the Select through the of Arrow Press the to the or inventory to or highlight the and Right Arrow and the the scf, the from the top of the the inventory, the MASSI Inventory) to with the of the inventory, the LVOLI Inventory) to with the of inventory, the GSVI Inventory) to with the of the from the top of the Unit of Select Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
the and shows of the and inventory and which to them. Table and inventory Function II Start/stop and only inventory inventory inventory If Section If the II Preferences With the Table shows the and with the Table and inventory with the To accomplish this Press this of Stop and and appears (the TOTAL appears the of the It whether the or Select. START appears beneath the Select YES with START Select and to EXIT Select. the appears. Select. RESET appears beneath the Select YES with RESET Select to EXIT Select. or the appears. Select. RESET appears beneath the Select YES with RESET to EXIT Select. This or Section Motion 2200S appears (the TOTAL appears the of the It whether the or Select. STOP appears beneath the YES with STOP Select and to EXIT
the With II shows the and II. and inventory with II To accomplish this On the Stop and Click and Click Click Click Click inventory only Click Inventory or inventory only Click Inventory or Inventory If the II Preferences To inventory II: Click Preferences the Inventory Click Apply To to the Click Select With the Table shows the and with the Table and inventory with To accomplish this Press this of buttons and Stop and and Click Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Motion 2200S
Performance This chapter the following and factors Section Section Section the this chapter, to the and that complying with and The 2200S the following procedures the and of performance: performance the to establishing the relationship (flow, or and the the These and Sections and of these these sections to that the and factors reported the with to the than the the its specification. If the flow, flow, or significantly from the to the factor. factor the which the the The factors the from the and the reported externally. factors typically the Measures You to and factors to with regulations. and Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Performance The based of reference. those of reference. Three of or flow Section and and high) and each. the offset and/or the of the that the relationship and the or the relationship and the or to the Motion with the 2200S the factory, and normally to the field. the to Motion Motion and factors, rather than to the or to and choosing and the following factors: Motion 2200S the process. down-time. and the with low-density and high-density or low-temperature and high-temperature and the highly internal If to factor as of the the You the the factor to its previous the of and accordingly the If to the or the factory or to the factors manually recorded them.
Performance Performing To the factor(s) to You of the flow, and factors. the factor as follows: This mathematically to the shown below. You whichever that the factor and inclusive. If the factor these Motion service. the factor the To factors: and that three factors The factor affects the reported flow. The factor affects only the reported The flow factor affects the flow. Therefore, to flow, the factor flow. factor flow and factor the The based flow and the factors applied. the and the reported the Measure the the factor the following NewMeterFactor ConfiguredMeterFactor ActualFlowmeterMeasurement If the flow factor, that the field and the Therefore, to to and to the factor from the factor. This correction of the offset that caused this when flow reference reference To this the factor the the factor from the factor, as shown below: MeterFactor MeterFactor MeterFactor ConfiguredMeterFactor II, the the Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Performance The and the first The the reference factor as follows: Performing includes the following D1 (low-density) D2 (high-density) You both without the If II, this the to the PC. If the the known You with II or the Communicator. the this section. the completely with the and flow through the the lowest allowed This usually accomplished closing the shutoff downstream from the then the with the D1 and D2 D1 (low-density) and D2 (high-density) You and To D1 and D2 With the With II, Motion 2200S The first flow factor One the The the reference factor as follows: The flow factor MeterFactor MassFlow MeterFactor MassFlow
Performance D1 and D2 with D1 with D2 downstream from and D1 Diag/Service of D1 Complete D2 Diag/Service OK OK of D2 OK Complete OK Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Performance D1 and D2 II with D1 with D2 downstream from Motion 2200S D1 of D1 light light D2 of D2 light light
Performance offset and The completed without interruption. the You this the to the PC. If the the known You with II software. II and with thermal offset of light light with high- achieves thermal of high- light light Commissioning and Troubleshooting
Motion 2200S
Chapter Troubleshooting This chapter and procedures troubleshooting the The information this chapter to: the whether to the corrective the agency II this section that already connected to the and established II that complying with information. this section that from the information. to troubleshooting topics to Table of troubleshooting topics this chapter. Table Troubleshooting topics and locations Section Topic Section Section Section or Section and action Section Section HART Section I/O Section Section Section Checking Section Section Checking the supply Section Checking grounding Section Checking the HART Section Checking the and Commissioning and Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Table Troubleshooting topics and locations Section Topic Section Checking the and Section Checking flow Section Checking Section Checking the HART and Section Checking the flow Section Checking the characterization Section Checking the Section Checking the Section Checking Motion service To to service representative, the Motion service information Section Motion service, the troubleshooting information and this chapter, and the with the technician. If the the and of the procedures Section If the procedures with the the Motion service If the appear to communicating, the or the HART the Section the and the II, or the If from the write or or to the write-protected, and write-protection or If or the indicating the of Section indicating Motion 2200S
Troubleshooting and action If the A031 appears and frequently, the Action and the supply to the If the operating the of its and Action to the to high when the and the enough to the temporarily. If the spontaneously and restarting, the Action and the supply to the If the operating the of its and Action to Downscale, the to when the and the enough to To these Increase the supply to the that the operating within the specified the installation from the If the or its action, the of the the Once the alarm(s) associated with the to Section corrected to the clear the following: internal HART HART include or that the might incorrect of or If HART that the correct. If If that the incorrect, the If that the correct, the the or service. Section and USB HART that the the RTS Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Troubleshooting I/O If with the to helpful Section I/O and Symptom supply supply and supply Section below LRV the LRV. Section HART HART to or the Section consistently of to the to or whether or the Section If Section Consistently incorrect Scaling that the and host. input or input, as to installation. Section reading higher Motion 2200S action to the action to or whether or the Section If Section the or try another Section to the Section output DC to that output active. to the Section the installation from Section flow and Section LRV and URV correctly the LRV and URV. Section correctly the Section Incorrect flow Section Incorrect assigned to Section LRV and URV correctly the LRV and URV. Section too high below
Troubleshooting allows to flow, and The then as though those from the of troubleshooting Section information and with the II, or the of with the displayed, and Table The the with Severity the active. Section information severity. troubleshooting first acknowledge Section This inactive from the that troubleshooting active Table and II A001 Checksum (Core (E)EPROM (CP) A002 RAM ROM or (Core RAM location written to. RAM (CP) A003 Not Responding flow. Section the Section the Section If the Motion. A004 Combination of A16 and the RTD Section of A17 that within of and If the Motion. A005 The measured the of the s) A006 Not Combination of A020 and the characterization. Specifically, the FCF Characterized A021 and K1 Section If the Motion. and detected. Continuity of LPO, or RPO, or LPO-RPO when to the The might service. Motion. to the The might service. Motion. If other (typically, A003, A006, A008, A102, or A105), those first. If the A005 with the and flow. Section the Section the Section the If the Motion. Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Troubleshooting Table and II A008 The measured If other (typically, A003, A006, A102, or A105), those first. If the A008 with the process. the flow or coating flow. Section the Section factors Section the Section If the Motion. A009 Initializing/Warming Initializing/Warming A010 Mechanical The than s. A011 Correction, too A10 that there flow through the then retry. to the then retry. If the factory to the to operation. Too A012 Correction, too High A10 that there flow through the then retry. to the then retry. If the factory to the to operation. Too High A013 too to Too A014 to the The might service. Motion. A016 RTD the RTD Section that within of and If the Motion. RTD Out-of-Range A020 Factors The factor and/or K1 the the characterization. Specifically, the FCF and K1 Section If the Motion. Factors (FlowCal) Motion 2200S Allow the to (approximately seconds). The should once the ready operation. If clear, that the completely or completely empty. the circuitry. Section A10. or reduce of then retry. Sources of Mechanical interference from machinery to the then retry. If the factory to the to operation. The computed the of the RTD If appears that there through the then retry. to the then retry. If the factory to the to operation.
Troubleshooting and II A021 Unrecognized/ the characterization. Specifically, the FCF and K1 Section the RTD circuitry. Section If the Motion. Incorrect (K1) A029 Communication Communication A030 Hardware/Software The software Incompatible with the board type. Incorrect A031 The supply to Section enough If the appearing and frequently, the Action If to the action to another or increasing the supply to the Section A033 Not from LPO or RPO, that process. the flow or coating Not A100 The amount of Saturated of the Saturated A101 HART or user the A102 The its A104 Calibration-In- Allow the to procedures, abort the the to and the A105 Flow The the Flow and The as straight the K1 or to the Motion. Motion. Section the HART If Section Section Section to the Section the Section If this the only active If the severity to Section Section Commissioning Operation and Troubleshooting Appendices
Troubleshooting Table and II A106 HART burst action If the severity to Section Enabled/AI or AO Active A107 The action required. Occurred restarted. If the severity to Section Occurred A132 Section Active Active Checking Motion that of the below, operating This when the high or Flow troubleshooting, the both flow and flow should or and If the and Motion service of Table and Table and Symptom Steady Correct the installations) Motion 2200S or or the the Section
Troubleshooting and Symptom flow or flow when flow Section steady flow or batch flow factor characterization. Section and flow Section flow and the flow Incorrect to the the Section to and of too Section Mounting mounting. to to too heavy with too Section flow and the flow or Section and the with with another the Section Section the Section factors characterization. Section grounding Section flow Section with Section the Section Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Troubleshooting and Symptom reading with to of reading RTD and follow from troubleshooting indicated reading slightly heat the from Unusually high reading flow and the flow Unusually reading flow Section Unusually high Motion. Unusually or the Section Unusually Several Unusually high Several Section Motion 2200S factors characterization. Section the Section grounding Section flow Section with flow and the flow Incorrect to the RTD and follow troubleshooting indicated Physical characteristics of or Incorrect K2 characterization. Section Incorrect K2 characterization. Section
Troubleshooting the this section to the Checking the supply To the supply that the supply wires and to the insulation. that the supply to the with the specified the Checking grounding The assembly grounded. grounding and instructions. Checking the HART To the HART that the wires connected as shown the the If or the Motion If directly to the HART that there these If HART than the the Motion. the HART Communication Foundation or to the HART Application from the HART Communication Foundation the www.hartcomm.org. Checking the that with The required, and the The the 2400S with as follows: Motion 2200S DD To the Turn the to the the found appear, OK Select OFFLINE and that the of the matches the If used, the supply to the HART both of the and that the of HART Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Troubleshooting Select New Select Motion that the If the found, displayed. Motion to the II II or required. To the of II: II. the Click About Checking the output and If reading, there with the the or the the the the information Section and that the to the correctly. the the and the including the I.S. or Motion If I.S. or Motion the the and the then the and the If required, the or the to the Section Checking flow flow whenever the measured the flow higher or than the typically caused or process. Section of flow functionality. If flow the flashing, or the If Section If increase Section Motion 2200S the flow or lowering the high increase the of flow Lowering the flow or the high flow the of
Troubleshooting Checking If the or below the the The The with If the process. Bring the flow within the the or the URV and LRV Section Checking the HART and If the HART to the this The The To this the following: the Section the HART to Section Checking the If the appears to operating correctly the flow unexpected: that the the that the expecting. the abbreviations; that the appropriately: from to or from to Section that the LRV and URV correctly and Section the characterization that incorrectly characterized its might Both the K1 and FCF the If these incorrect, the correctly or If that of the characterization characterization. Section and that flow Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Troubleshooting Checking the the to If the appears to operating correctly the Motion every the factory. Therefore, should the shipped from the factory. or and the Section Motion service Checking the that or caused other than You or the The include and right pickoff and These the operation of the the You the with or II. With To the with Communicator: Select Diag/Service Select Record the displayed LPO RPO and With II To the with II: Select Information from the Record the displayed Right Pickoff and with appear Saturated or (near from to Negative of and Motion 2200S
Troubleshooting and flow Section Entrained Correct the process. or flashing Increase or back the If located from the increase the the and flow the flow Mechanical of to stress. and to If this possibility, Motion. Warped caused If this Motion. Incorrect type type then characterization. Section or Motion. or cracked flow Motion. or pickoff pickoff caused Table pickoff and flow Section the the the free to mechanical stress. and to If this possibility, Motion. Warped caused If this Motion. circuitry. Section Motion. Checking with including and of out-of-range Testing involves: Inspecting the that the to the Measuring the of the and Ensuring that the shorted to each other or to the and Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Troubleshooting To the the from the this that other of the 2200S greatly enhanced, and information than these tests. the If the To the and feedthrough: Motion 2200S to the four interface cover screws and the housing cover. the interface screws. Gently the interface from the the Disconnect the I/O wires from the I/O terminals the Warning screw, the Warning and the wires from the screws head) the the housing. the screws and the from the housing. Allow the to temporarily. that the and If reseat the reassemble the and and operation. the from the feedthrough pinching the the then the from the feedthrough. the the of
Troubleshooting Accessing the feedthrough with feedthrough housing Feedthrough Feedthrough (DMM), the internal each the and the each. to to the feedthrough each the DMM leads the and the to feedthrough to the and the to and housing interface this There should readings. C. or shorted than from the shown The LPO and RPO readings should the or The readings should steady. the and of Motion If appears, or of Motion. Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Troubleshooting Table and pickoff pickoff and Right Right pickoff and C C Flow RTD and RTD LLC/RTD RTD and RTD C C CMF400 I.S. RTD and F300 RTD and other RTD and LLC the and of Motion Feedthrough the DMM, each as follows: Motion 2200S LLC RTD RTD pickoff (LPO (LPO the and the the and other as below: other other pickoff other LPO pickoff other LPO Right pickoff other RPO Right other RPO RTD other RTD and LLC/RTD RTD other RTD and LLC/RTD LLC/RTD other RTD and RTD Right (RPO Right pickoff (RPO
Troubleshooting and to and the housing that the housing and or the Motion. Internally shorted feedthrough (sealed Motion. from to connecting to inspect the To Motion. To to operation: the housing and the the feedthrough: the the housing, and the screws. the I/O wires. the wires, the Warning and the Warning screw. the interface the There four the that Tighten the interface screws. the interface cover the interface and the screws. and With the DMM to its highest there should each lead. If there there to or Table and If the Motion. the the the and the Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Motion 2200S
and A.1 This information the Where These the the the factory. A.2 and The below the and the Table A-1 and Flow Flow factors factor and Flow corrected to of applications, Motion of flow Recommended of the rated flowrate. type flow flow obtained the factor of GSV factor factor Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
and Table A-1 and corrected to of flow flow corrected to of D3 Motion 2200S D1 D2 K1 K2 FD high C factor 1.00000T0.0000 D4 K3 K4 FTG FFQ DTG DFQ1 DFQ2 flow factor factor GSV GSV SCF GSV factor Secondary flow Quaternary
and Table A-1 and milliseconds milliseconds and LRV Automatically when URV Automatically when AO AO seconds action Downscale AO AO measured timeout flow flow Commissioning Commissioning Commissioning Commissioning and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting
Motion 2200S
Flowmeter and B.1 This of and troubleshooting. information and procedures, the B.2 The 2200S integral-mount or extended-mount. B-1 shows of the 2200S and its integral-mount. B-2 the extended-mount option. B-1 2200S Integral-mount, and interface housing interface screws Feedthrough housing cover screws housing cover Commissioning and Troubleshooting
and B-2 2200S Extended-mount B.3 B-3 shows the These terminals both supply and I/O. They beneath the Warning The housing cover and the Warning screw to the B-3 terminals Warning Motion 2200S housing cover
C 2200S and Interface C.1 This the user interface of the 2200S The following topics the of the interface Section C.2 Removing and the housing cover Section C.3 the Section C.4 and the Section C.5 C.2 the of the interface The interface of the 2200S shown C-1. The housing cover C-1 interface Select and HART Unit of Commissioning and Troubleshooting
2200S and Interface The interface the following and Select buttons to the and the HART to HART to the typically from II or the C.3 Removing and the housing cover the housing cover. To the housing cover: from the the four screws. the housing cover from the the housing cover, to the screws that the housing. C.4 the the buttons, and the information reading from the Section information reading information from the Section The to the item the The Select selects the item To the buttons: the housing cover, as Section C.3. Press the You the of action the There other confirmation. C.4.1 Accessing the To the Press and four seconds. If the off-line the CODE? appears the top of the the of the to choose and Select to to the If the off-line screen know the seconds without The automatically and to the previous the to the or the off-line The of the through Motion 2200S
2200S and Interface C.4.2 floating-point from the such as factors or as floating-point first the the displayed (as shown C-2) and the active flashing. C-2 To the Select to to the From the The wraps back to the rightmost to the of the active becomes becomes becomes becomes the rightmost option included to switch to To the of Select to to the that immediately of the to specify or the of the to of four (four to the right of the To this: Select the flashing. This the and the to the Select to to the from to the each the the This the and the to the and SX.XXXX numbers, this numbers, length: or and four. Commissioning Commissioning Commissioning Commissioning Operation and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting Appendices Appendices Appendices
2200S and Interface To from to C-3): Select the rightmost flashing. to then Select The to the To the switching and The to the previously While the of the and fixed. C-3 To from to the flashing. to Select The to the To the If the and the displayed. If the Select and the previous displayed. Motion 2200S Select the flashing. to the You (first only), and the first the or and the the Select SX.XXXEYY three to the right of the Select to apply the and to without applying the or
2200S and Interface C.5 and C-1 and the and that C-2 and the and that the off-line These terms that completely, or that to the that to Chapter Table C-1 or Definition or reference AVE_D AVE_T BRD DGAIN GSV GSV inventory LPO_A pickoff LVOLI inventory LZERO flow MASSI inventory MTR PWRIN to input to the RPO Right pickoff TUBEF WTAVE Table C-2 off-line or Definition or reference ACK ACK ALARM Acknowledge ACK ALL Acknowledge AO ADDR CAL CH CHANGE PASSW the to CONFG CORE Core CUR DENS DRIVE%, DGAIN Select to DISBL DSPLY and Commissioning Commissioning Commissioning Commissioning and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting Appendices Appendices Appendices Appendices
2200S and Interface C-2 off-line or Definition or reference Select to ENABL EXTRN FAC Factory FCF Flow factor FLDIR Flow FLSWT, FL SW Flow switch GSV GSV INTRN IO Inputs/outputs LANG MAO MASS flow MFLOW flow MSMT MTR factor OFF-LINE MAINT OFFLN off-line PRESS Revision SENSR SIM SPECL Source assignment TEMPR VER VFLOW flow VOL or XMTR Motion 2200S
Connecting with II Software D.1 II Windows-based and Motion It to functions and This chapter basic information connecting II to The following topics and procedures Section D.2 upload/download Section D.3 Connecting to 2200S Section D.4 The instructions this that users with II software. information using II, the II The the Motion (www.micromotion.com). flowcharts II with the 2200S through D.2 II or required. the II to PC and type, or the the II or reference D.3 upload/download II upload/download function which allows to to PC. This allows: and of replication of Motion recommends that to PC as as the the II D.4 Connecting from PC to 2200S The 2200S only You to the HART the interface or to HART and Commissioning and Troubleshooting Appendices
Connecting with II Software To II: the HART to the or USB of PC. To to HART the HART leads to the D-1). The polarity-insensitive. The HART the of the connected to the You directly to the terminals (terminals and the interface D-1 to DCS or PLC Motion 2200S To to the HART the housing cover Section C.3). the HART leads to the HART the of the D-2). The polarity-insensitive. You to R2 R3 R1 polarity-insensitive VIATOR
Connecting with II Software D-2 to HART Additional as required. The HART of To the of R1, R2, and R3 D-1). II. the to the that appears: The host. The II HART If another the HART II to the II to the burst the information about burst Section Click The software to the and polarity-insensitive to HART Stop and Parity to the HART If USB Converter RTS the or to the HART or software the The HART Section information the HART and software the to the PC COM assigned to this as If another such as DCS the to Secondary If other the to VIATOR Commissioning Commissioning Commissioning Commissioning and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting Appendices Appendices Appendices Appendices
Connecting with II Software If appears: troubleshooting information, Section D.5 II II the following English French Spanish Other the of II. To the II the this English as the II Motion 2200S You incorrect using the COM If of the the the to of the the the PC and the Increase or
the E.1 The and including Motion It to functions and This basic information connecting the to The following topics and procedures Section E.2 Connecting to Section E.3 this Section E.4 and Section E.5 The instructions this that users already with the and the following Turn the the with HART-compatible and information the and HART- the alpha to type information If to the the to the software. The the Motion (www.micromotion.com). E.2 The 2200S the To the that At the HART Select Select Motion If the the from the Motion and and Commissioning and Troubleshooting
the E.3 Connecting to You the to the HART or to HART The HART the of the connected to the You directly to the terminals the user interface If the terminals to and HART the E.3.1 Connecting to HART To the to the HART the interface Section C.3). the leads to the HART the of the The polarity-insensitive. E-1. The connected of to the E-1. E-1 Connecting to HART Motion 2200S polarity-insensitive HART
the E.3.2 Connecting to The connected to The polarity- E-2. The connected of to the necessary. E-2 Connecting to E.4 the with the 2200S that the appears the top of the when the the flowcharts the with the 2200S through E.5 and responding to and that appear the and that appear the this and polarity-insensitive necessary) Commissioning Commissioning Commissioning Commissioning and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting Appendices Appendices
Motion 2200S