EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference P/N Revision: A1 Americas LLC
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Information furnished Inc. to and responsibility its the right to the or of the and associated motion products without responsibility that appear this Information this to without Reference P/N Revision: A1 Americas LLC,
Americas LLC, Revision: A1 Printed United States of America Information this to without of this or or means, or mechanical, without the written of The following of and fashion without written of EMERSON Motion EMERSON Motion AXIMA, Motion of EMERSON affiliated with Microsoft Corporation, of the Microsoft, and NT IBM of International Corporation. of Gould, Inc. of This to to the released of the of and to further and the the and instances. inconsistency.
Customer Americas LLC U.S.A. Telephone: or It to with the of products. to fast, and That why offer to the Whether or information hours of services FAX You FAX and to FAX to the and www.emersonct.com www.emersonct.com If to technical using The includes technical release and other technical This technical and software electronically. or Motion products backed of professionals who service technical ready to those the telephone. technical hours service to Also, through service organization. please with easily and to the following information: Product found choosing About from the The type of or of that appear What when the to the service, the technical when service or required. Services or highly trained of instructors to with Motion products and their applications. of offered, of which Application or of factory tough or applications. offer broad of and knowledge of motion applications.
Customer Service or Authorized directly with Customer Service the Customer Service this the established to learn to this and easily. as these to those found other Microsoft software and options printed type: the with the field OK Source ERMS. the following typographic throughout this Characters that type exactly as they appear. directed to type should type the characters exactly as they printed. Placeholders information directed to type should type the instead of the shown type. ALL CAPITALS Directory and SMALL CAPS Non-printable ASCII characters. KEY1+KEY2 to and the first while the KEY1,KEY2 to and release the the other. the of this and information about the or the respective of the the of this and the information about the specifically. Throughout this the to EP-I and the to MDS Warning that, death or serious that, or injury. without the that, property This
Instructions Warning to follow death or serious injury. The the shock and/or burns and lethal. when with or to the The comply with legislation the country of Qualified the of this and who with the installation, and of the and the involved. this the following trained and authorized to clear and ground and and with established trained the and of protective with established trained first Reference The following related reference and with Function (P/N Indexing (P/N EP (P/N Reference (P/N Reference (P/N
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Precautions This professional incorporation If the incorrectly, The and high and high of or to mechanical that injury. You to the and to or the of malfunction. installation, and who the and and follow this information and this instruction Qualified the of this and who with the installation, and of the and the involved. this the following trained and authorized to clear and ground and and with established trained the and of protective with established trained first This to mounted that and that the of This classified as with IEC664-1. This that non-conducting Commissioning and It that to to the You or Restoring or operation. of Within the Union machinery which this with Directive 89/392/EEC, of Machinery. The and tested to high and the of offered the function forward/reverse and safety-critical without of protection. where malfunction or of to and further protection where Considerations
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference warning to follow death or serious The this shock and/or burns, and lethal. when with or to this The with legislation the country of isolation The AC supply or high DC supply from the isolation or servicing other than to the or specified the The which to the supply Allow least EP206 and EP202/204 the supply carrying which with to the Products connected and where the incorporated which connected to the AC supply and the of the to the input, which from the the To of shock from the they the from the latching Grounding (Earthing, High The grounded to the of This high earth You comply with with to and the protective earth high The ground shown the followed. or over-current protection the input with the instructions the of The that the isolated from least of insulation rated the AC supply as PELV this isolation when they completely within of within or of together. of Information related information through this with the following Warning that, death or serious that, or without the that, property the of this and information about the or the respective of the Throughout this the to EP-I and the to MDS
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Graph Graph Graph State There three the following Waiting and and The commands the to high of the as selected each of the four the activated the to the offset while the appear indicating this Graph Once the offset reached the Waiting appear to the Graph State indicating that graphical ready to based the selected. The activated the R the and The and from the and this the Graph The should the Graph State to and the uploaded. Stop The Stop the with the that You and that If the of and as of the Automatically and Select the and the Automatically and to the the this initiates the command, then initiates the to the Initial the the to the This active when the displayed, If the the and when to the Graph The to the the Graph
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference The With the the and while the back or forth to the With the the the and then the arrow the PC to the The and the The the the to the and the the to the right. Rate The Rate the user of the To the of what this the of and the of the The to the of that included the and to the If the offset completely to the the and graphing the location. If the completely to the right the the The the If the completely to the right the uploaded. If the completely to the of the uploaded. This the of the uploaded. Select The through boxes the options If with the then the graphical these the If to with the to the then the selection should the these Selecting the the graphical to the off the selected The text the of the to the selected This the to the the to RAM or Download If the to and the If selected the when the clicked and the of the text once the user selected from the This field to what plotted that The the the or the and the Then the and it to the text This only when Inputs, or selected the and the selected that The only the or the selected Edge the Edge selected, the when the below the the Falling Edge clear, the when the the This the which the The text to the selected This the to the the to RAM or Download
The of the These to selecting the Tree, the appear the right of the The four and FM-2 The Direction, and Switching with of each function. EP-I The consists of the and the Address. character the currently each allows to when downloading, and troubleshooting. characters the Address to which to the information. the of this to the of Select the the currently Select the type the software the that and user motors. Selecting the type performance and the and/or
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Switching (FM-2 only) Switching (FM-2 Only) Switching to the switching There switching and the rating Scaling Select this to the Scaling of the Scaling This the of the This allows the to the of to the of the the If the Scaling to higher than the the that of the The to the Direction The Direction consists of CW (clockwise) Rotation and CCW (counter-clockwise) Rotation motion CW or CCW which selected. Perspective of as the from the front of the Rotation Perspective CW Rotation Option Select this option which CW to motion the (increasing CCW Rotation Option Select this option which CCW to motion the (increasing The To the that selected To the To the To existing The function of this to the the that to connected to the
Following of the the this to the type. software the and motors. Selecting the type instability and property to the and/or From selecting with the or MDS/FM-2 combination, the options: that already the or that selecting option from existing the selects of the from the the top of the Once the selects from the the that from the and then displayed the the The this and the information directly from the If the user wishes to or of the from the to clear the From Clearing the the the displayed this and the the This as as the user of the matches the and the From cleared, of the the become and the to New Motor that there with the existing that previously selected. The of the as and the Once the the only within the active To the the the the the right of the
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference of displayed the the This of the each of the The this the From selected. This that the associated with the The this become when the From cleared. The then or of the there to the the If the this those within that to the to the the the the right of the the with The to characters and with alpha character character). This the that appear the the the The typically the If that the than the the actually the than the specified Continuous Current the allowed the It to the and The the to the based the capacity. The typically the If that the than the the actually the than the specified the of (N-S) the The and The typically the information. This the of the The this to the specified as ratio of reflected to KE the of the The The this RMS when the rotated RPM. The to The typically the Phase the phase-to-phase of the This the with The to ohms. Phase Inductance the phase-to-phase inductance of the This the of the when with to the rated of the the of mechanical The to The the of where:
of The of both and position/velocity To properly the the the (the the field and the of mechanical The to The the of where: of The of both and position/velocity To properly the the the (the the field and the which the (Z) with reference to TS when the the reference At the of the from the of the U, and tracks. This off as as the the the within second, the to the specified this The then efficiently. U-track the which the of the track with reference to VTS when the the reference At the the of the U, and and, this of the Reference Motion the of motion phase of the and The CW(1) and CCW(0). the phase from of rotation. This affects the the the and The this and If to the the as as the If this to the the from The from of that constantly from the The theory of operation that the user often function that The of those from the and the from Once they displayed the From the apply those to the clicking the Apply to the of the (this of arrows from the from the The the from as of the To these the the Apply to to them. This functional when with the offline, the the from Apply to the the the of the and displays them the from of the the the measured only the NVM, and
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference the FM3/4 Therefore, to the the FM the to the the user Apply to the the From the Then the downloading the using Download. The the to thereby Doing allows the to that typically the and other to properly with the connected motor/load. allows the to initiate the from the The following shows which to the and which measured the motion while others It to and the and instructions the It strongly recommended to the commanded. with the to initiate The and and instructions related to the as as selection of the of of the shown to Measured Continuous Phase Phase Inductance Reference Motion
the selected, Proceed, to the the completed the the from the Once the user the the they they or to the to the easily recalled If the user the to the then the the that to the to the the This the and writes them to the to the that already with the the appear. The then to with the Conflict The of this to conflicts the and those the The Conflict the following From the the and the already with the (or where the from the the the matches the This when of and the the the If the the written the
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference The Conflict The the with four options to with the Those four options The user to the existing and the with selecting this option, the user the Please text Then OK, the written to the the existing The to overwrite the existing the with the the If this option selected, the the and the The recovered. If the to overwrite the the and the user that they proceed. The below shows the that when the to overwrite this the would to the to the and from If this option selected, the the or the matching overwrite the the this option selected, the From selected, and the existing without to If the selects this option, the the written to the and the within the The selection the they to the The operation canceled. Existing This of the Conflict and the of the that the and selecting to that already displayed this
Not This of the Conflict and displays the from the that match the the or the with the matching This the to whether they to overwrite, or with this operation. Units The Units to the known information velocity, and and throughout the selecting Units the Tree, the Units appear the right Units Units Select the type of to throughout the Position/Distance The This the of the to the Scaling This specify the of This the of the The of specified the If the leadscrew with and wishes to of the Units Scaling to specifying three the the to the three the Velocity This the of the to Velocity
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Select or as the the The If the selected seconds, then the velocity appear as If the selected the velocity appear as If the selected seconds, then the appear as If the selected the appear as or Therefore, the (the as of the FM-2 This the of the to Acceleration/Deceleration The allows to and the related to selected the Tree. The right of the of the and their functions below. The the of the of following than or to the the The of the Following than or to this the of the to This the Units The to At the of the following to Therefore, the
the to inches. If the of the following to inches, then the This the amount of seconds that commanded motion and the of the following than the the output to If to then the as as motion and the following than the Following Following Select this to (or clear this to the Following If the of the following the the following If Following Following the the Command and the Feedback. It when the Command than the Feedback. If the of the following the the Following (F). Following cleared when the The Following Rotary Rotary Select this to (or clear) the This and the which the internal counter to The with of The Rotary would to of The the the feedback reaches and the feedback (or to If the and the the to and count The of the the Units the Units the software. If with the FM-3/4 the shortest to its and the To force the to the Rotary or Rotary type of While with the the of the the and the following displayed. Command This the commanded the This to when the function activated. The Command specified Feedback This the feedback of the It to when the function activated. Position Feedback specified
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Following The Following the user the Command and the Feedback. It when the Command than the Feedback. The counts when the to This This to when the function activated. This the of the input This active operating
Velocity This allows the user to the and the velocity feedback Velocity Velocity This the allowable If the Velocity Feedback the internal or the of the Velocity, The internal to of the Motion Velocity This the activation both the Motion and Motion The function when the velocity to of this Velocity this only when with the Velocity Command The Velocity Command the command the velocity Velocity Feedback This the feedback velocity. Command Velocity The Velocity this the velocity commanded to the input function.
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Deceleration The the of velocity to when Stop input function activated. Deceleration The the of velocity to when input function activated. This allows to the and when using the input velocity This it to the high performance, such as Clutch-Brake without sophisticated to the which the to the such as when using the to (its If the the within the This allows the user to the and when with the the The when the input function active. These continuously updated while with the This the which the Command to when the input function active. To the active, the function to Active.
and This the activation the Active and Active This displays the from the selected and This and Command The from the and This the The the the input function active) or This displays the of commanded to the This the of the Command the and the active). RMS This the thermal heating and cooling of the and reaches activated.
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference the related to the the and The the specified Ratio and Friction. Typical the and to with high friction or loads. to that Ratio Ratio the to ratio and of to If the unknown, should used. If higher than the the to Friction This characterized terms of the of friction increase RPM. If than or to If the friction completely unknown, of should used. typical than Velocity The Velocity the velocity with of to affects the to commands, and velocity to with (the The this selected the of the and Friction If the than the the overshoot If the than the following reduced If the Friction greater than the friction, velocity or instability. If the Friction than the friction, velocity reduced
Check This when selected to the of the velocity the The active and Velocity This the cut-off exceeding this of selected this the which to the to It which high friction. It steady or (typically than or when holding non-counterbalanced The which the of This the to the following The milliseconds and to the following reduce the following The this to milliseconds. the actually the than the specified the allowed function of the The with to the higher with such as or loads. increase the and the
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Selection Select selecting of operation.
DC This the DC and DC completed the DC detected. Clearing this the DC This allow the to DC below as as the the (APS) with and with the EP-I State This the to the and Troubleshooting section of this The State when the of when the this selected, occurring from the U, V, and as "E" the this clear, to the tracks. This functionality to the of the "E" If the clear and "E" occurring, then the (A, A/, B, B/, Z, Z/) the of the "E"
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference I/O The to assign input function to input This The Function the displays the input and the function The the right displays the input attached input and the To assign input function, the the function the to assign to the the right. Press the while the function, and the While holding the the function the the and release the To input function, the the function the Press the while the function, and the While holding the the function to the right and release the Function This allows the to input function and to input with the there LED to the of the input function that shows the of the input function. The of each input function displayed to the input function when the active from The Active On. Active This allows to the Active Select the input function the input function then or clear the Active input function Active On that active when to to the input assigned to and inactive when to the input function "Active that active when to the input and inactive while to applied. Active This to input function Active. input function active, active whether assigned to input or If input function Active then to input that function active whether or to the assigned
This displays the input function assigned to the input and the of the input and input function. Attached Function This displays the Function assigned each The displayed to each input the active the attached input function shown to the input function. Debounce Text The displayed to each input This input Debounce milliseconds. The the amount of the input to active as input. Debounced Debounce Force On/Off Force On/Off Command
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference This The Function the the The the right displays the the attached function and the (Active EP-I information, to the Installation section of the EP (P/N or the Reference (P/N Function This allows selection of the function to assigned to To assign function, the the function the to to the the right. Press the while the function, and the While holding the the function the the and release the To function, the the function the Press the while the function, and the While holding the the function to the right and release the Attached Function This displays the Function assigned to each The of each to the when the active from The Active On, Active below.
Active The active of Active On. This that the supply when the of the of the function(s) assigned to that active. "Active that the conducting) when the of the of the function(s) assigned to that active, and supply when the of the function(s) active. The input that to The to to (A/D), which to the to The input the and the the trajectory This the low-pass to the input. exceeding this of This the that the input reach operation. this to This to the when velocity The amount of offset the when velocity supplied. This of the of the input It when with
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference This displays the and feedback the Source Select the to as the the There options: Velocity Feedback, Velocity Command, Feedback, Command, Feedback and Following The and offset affected the selected. The of the and offset to the includes This allows to to effectively increasing the The of this the Source selection. Each includes This allows to to effectively increasing the The of this the Source selection. Feedback This of the of the It when with This allows to and velocity, and
Velocity This the velocity with the or input Velocity This the velocity with the input function with the or input This the to the The the the Units Deceleration This the to the The the the Units This the the type selected the
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference This allows to and the function. The the type of or One Home. Reference The Reference the reference selected the of three or and One selected the the Reference the active of the input function to establish the reference the Reference the of the to establish the reference and the Reference and the reference established using the first the input function active. Chain to the selected, the then the shown the text the Velocity This the velocity to the the and to the the The velocity the the Units
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Index0 The to the arrows to the or the the where the to of where the when the initiated. the specified the or of the The of the motion the or of the the specified velocity or or reaches the If then the specified If Indexes compounded, then or of It then the the velocity. Rotary and Rotary Rotary and Rotary type typically which If Rotary the Units Rotary the and Rotary the These forced to of the If Rotary these function This from to whether chosen or as the The
Velocity The Velocity the velocity the The velocity and than Acceleration The Acceleration the to the The specified of or user the from the Units Deceleration The Deceleration the to the The specified of or the from the Units The the of the commanded motion of the and the of turned the of the seconds. Count This this to to the If chosen, the continuously received. Count If count chosen, the the to The count while Function Active If while input function active chosen, the continuously when the input active. The this The the from of four or The or the user If selected, the the specified If selected, the to the specified offset from the If the Specified offset than the the the and then back to the specified from the The offset the the specified offset should This displays such as and velocity Index selected, the of the to from The to The Position using Index. Chain together that they sequentially. each this allows chaining or of the to the or Next and to Which to specified the Chain text The Stop.
Compounded Index This the displays the and the Information displays information about the the with. The information this Velocity, and Index. The information this and from within this Command This the commanded the This to when the output function activated.
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Following The Following the the Command and the Feedback. It when the Command greater than the Feedback. Feedback The counts when the to This This to when the function activated. Feedback This to when the function activated. Velocity Command Velocity Command The Velocity Command the the velocity Velocity Feedback This the feedback velocity RPMs. Command This the command The the the input function active) or Feedback Command This the of commands This reflects the of the LED the Ready, Indexing, RMS This accurately the thermal heating and cooling of the and reaches activated. RMS only) This the thermal heating and cooling of the internal This the of this reaches the RMS Character currently the the front of the the measured the DC
ID Revision only) the of the firmware the currently with. FM (FM-2 only) the of the the currently with. or the of the with which currently FM (FM-2 only) the of the FM-2 with which currently This apply to Interface Revision the interface revision. amount of the the factory. Count of the the factory. Amount of the Graph The Graph when The Graphing function the of internal high this Armed, the to with the as specified Once the the of the allocated memory. the completely and the activated, the and to which displayed graphical The of the four or the Graph
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference The includes and commands the graphical The commands the to high of the as selected each of the four the activated the to the offset while the appear indicating the Graph Once the offset reached the Waiting appear to the Graph State indicating that graphical ready to based the selected. The activated the R the The Stop the high initiated and clear the that this previously The Stop activated the S the The and from the and this The user should the Graph State to the uploaded. The includes which the and of the and These using the the downloaded to these to affect. Rate The the of the To the user of what this means, the of and the of this group. This to the of that included the and to the If the offset completely to the the and graphing the location. If the completely to the right the the the instance that user would to the the If the completely to the right the uploaded. If the completely to the of the uploaded. The to which graphed as as which as the If to within the Group, this to the through the options If with the then the graphical these the If to to the then the selection should the these Selecting the option to the right of the the graphical to the off of that The text the of the to the selected This the to the the or If the to and the option If selected the when clicked and the of the
Graphical
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference The FM-2 the FM-2 attached to the and user features of the The basic operating when FM-2 attached. The EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing allow to and and They input and four to the four input and three the Interface The EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing software. easy-to-use Windows-based and It with the to and You or to or from You to PC or or EP-I Motion Works The EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing of motion: home, and with velocity, and type of motion With EP-I and the FM-2 motion initiated input assignments or thru or EP-IDN The FM-2 motion of or I/O assignments. Works The of the the or initiated the and input Assignments to such that when the input turned On, and the input On the to and the to and with specified associated with If trying to or to known then used. the off to off
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference and Velocity The Velocity the velocity with the or input The Velocity the velocity fast with the input function with the or input function. Acceleration and Deceleration and of or user which selected the Units The both the initiated with velocity of RPM, the to RPM seconds. RPM RPM msec Functions The three input which to initiate four operations: and the below Velocity RPM and Velocity RPM. Motion RPM On RPM On RPM On On RPM On On RPM On On RPM On On On RPM
and the input function active, the velocity the the Velocity. If the input function active, the velocity of the the Velocity. On or while and to If the reversed, the to the to and then the to to the velocity. The function initiated when other motion type If both input functions On there motion (they effectively each other). The R, ready. If the with the function On and the function active, the the as turned The Stop input function the and the to If the reaches off the the to off Works The which the precisely with of the The initiated with the Initiate Function. On Velocity On Velocity On
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference The first to the type. The the to the or to and then to the One The to to where the and from of the Function The function screw. This of the features the Carriage Edge NT
Flow Chart of Routine Homing to the establish the and repeatable This the to the location of the of the and to the of the Initiate OFF =ON? ON? or ON Direction OFF? Direction ON? or ON
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference One Flow Chart of One Routine Several (including input and the function operates. Each of these the following The function NOT initiated when other motion Initiate OFF =ON? =ON? Direction =ON? OFF? Direction =ON? or ON Direction OFF? Direction OFF? or ON
Reference The to the reference type. The Reference selected the Reference established. allows selection of of three or and and One Home. Selecting the of the input function to establish the reference Reference only) Selecting the of the to establish the reference Reference and only) Selecting and the reference established the first the the of the input function. and Reference and Repeatability The amount of the Reference option select. Homing to establish repeatable within msec
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference The the of perfectly repeatable and and establish repeatable within count velocity. The count factor the approaching the from the If used, the off four counts and the least the of the input to At RPM, the (or and The On least to that The the from the Reference to the the of the homing of the the or which Reference choose, offset the homing process. The offset or allow the to offset automatically. The offset that that the to to to the offset This applications. Direction of On
The offset the from the velocity to the the velocity This to that the to the The allows the to choose offset from the Reference. Once the reference detected, the whatever to reach the offset This as as to to or the To specified the option displays the offset as reference. Specified If the reference the reached its velocity, the to the offset
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference The following three each offset or the below, offset used. Greater than the below the specified offset than the This the to and the offset
Specified Greater than
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference the below the specified offset located such that the and back to to the offset of The of the relation to the At the of the the of the of the and feedback This the the the If reference found the and the The function activated the the without the reference. Additionally, the of On the Homing that (or and to establish Reference there where the input active when the initiated. The back off the homing or to the of the
the the previous the restricted to the of the input, the back from the the Function then the of the backing-off of the the the of the Velocity. o ity ckoff Mot On Velocity Gear On off of Normal Routine Reference NT with
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference the shown that the only the The input of the the If the input active when the Initiate, the would off the and the of the input. and Functions Functions Initiate The Initiate input function to initiate the function. The initiated the of this input function. The initiate there or or the Stop input function active or active. This input function the It homing to This function The when the Function activated. If the Initiate input while the input active, choose to the back- off of the initiates the function. If the Function, the the of the input active to input. The of the the reference This while the to inputs. This input function to manually the using input function. this input function activated, the and feedback to The function activated the input function. Functions of This function to that completed. This function deactivated when Index, Home, or initiated. o or
This function that reference found while to the The and the This function activated when the It when or initiated. This function activated when Routine completed or the Function activated. It that the homed. It cleared the Initiate, and when the Linear Application this the and the to establish Reference This the and to to and the the of the Initiate input, the to the Velocity. The that velocity first the input. It the velocity the The of the to establish the reference Once the reference detected, the to and to the offset If then back off Search Search to offset to of The below shows the this NT Gear Direction
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference and Selected Velocity Profile Rotary Application This and the to establish reference Velocity off
and then the the of the Initiate input function, the to the Velocity. The that velocity first the input. The the velocity the activated. The of the to establish the reference the of the the and to the specified offset and then Gear NT
of the Rotary to the specified forced Rotary to the forced Rotary and Indexes usually therefore the the Units software to them. the following the D specified) If D motion the implied. the following the Rotary the to This that with each of the (or feedback count to then to . Indexes with Rotary of the section of Rotary If the  and the specified would the At the of this the . the shortest to the specified within the If the and the specified the At the of this the would If the and the specified would the that the shortest and Rotary to the specified and forced (or Rotary within the the and the specified Rotary would the At the of this the would If the and the specified Rotary the Rotary to the forced to the (or Rotary within the and the and the specified Rotary the At the of this the would If the and the specified Rotary would the The the the the the to or the Velocity The Velocity the velocity the The velocity and than The the to the Deceleration The Deceleration the to the
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference The the amount of the the motion the Count The Count the initiated. There three to choose from, Count, and while Function active. highly that or reached, or achieved. The choose to to of and or to of and items the the Index to option If this input function assigned to input the this completing the option If this input function assigned to input the this completing the option selected the as the as The LIMIT the the option chosen the as the as The LIMIT the the option selected the the offset based the and velocity specified the offset This the that the the or input. option chosen the offset as specified the This the that the the or input. This the This when selected the active, only that the as This the of the to the of this This and relative to of this this The (or should than the If of this the and then it
This the of the to of this This and to of this this The (or should than the If of this the and then This to the motion based the velocity, and the as "Commanded" and that the and selection the This when the type selected to this the as the of the to accurately. This the amount of that the throughout the motion. This displays the amount of that the while the accelerating. The based completely motion and include that might introduced the and At Velocity This displays the amount of that the the velocity specified the velocity The At Velocity based completely motion and include that might introduced the and Deceleration This displays the amount of that the while the The based completely and include that might introduced the and Velocity This the velocity of the motion. If the and fashion that the velocity the velocity than the velocity specified the velocity The Velocity based completely motion and include that might introduced the and This the that the to This based completely and include that might introduced the and Acceleration This the that the to The based completely and include that might introduced the and At Velocity This displays the that the its specified velocity as the velocity The At Velocity based completely and include that might introduced the and Deceleration This displays the that the to The based completely and include that might introduced the and
of Chaining Count This function activated when the repeated the the of as specified the Chain Count the the completed the specified Chain Count the the of Chaining Count and the initiate. of Motion This function activates when the ceases motion from and becomes inactive when the initiated. together, the of Motion" If such that there motion then this become active 400usec together the of Motion" become active the of the compounding. Index This function activates when the specified motion completed. If Stop activated the completed, the function activated. This function inactivated when the specified together, the of Motion" Below of that chaining and input and based motion. The the as follows: Index0 Count msec this then: Index1 Count msec this then: Chain Chain Count Index2 Count msec this then: Stop Chain Count Index3 Count msec this then: Next Chain Count Index4 Count msec this then: Next Index Chain Count Index5 Count msec this then: input function Next Chain Count Index6 Count msec
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference this then: Stop Chain Count of Index Motion of of Count of Chain Count Index1 to Index2 with Chain Count of of Motion of of Count of Chain Count Index3 to Index4 with Chain Count of Index1 Index1 Index1 Index3 Index3 Index3 usec Index2 Index1 than usec Index4 Index4 Index2 Index4 Index3 Index4
Index5 to Index6 using the Next input function. Works to Index, and the EP-I three basic of operation Velocity, and the Index, Home, or initiate If the or when turned the initiate command and the to to then switch Index5 Index5 of Motion of of Count Next Index6 Next Index Function Turned On Index6
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Select Velocity The which to the Velocity Command the Velocity, and The this Where: VCA Velocity Command (RPM) AI AZO FSV Velocity (RPM) AFS The Velocity Command to the Velocity Command Velocity The Velocity Command the the velocity closed Velocity Velocity This displays the velocity attainable the the both the and velocity and the Velocity related and velocity related input and (including and FSV) AZO) ((AI VCA AFS
the which to the Command the and The Where: TC Command AI AZO FST AFS This allows the to the to the input. The the the or the and based the Velocity Velocity this selected, the Velocity and This the from when the from the Velocity operating this the velocity attainable of the the the Velocity selected, the switch Velocity and the of the If the reaches the velocity as the Velocity the switch Velocity the increases the the to the At this the switch back the Velocity reached FST) AZO) ((AI TC AFS
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference the which to the and velocity of the There three associated with Pulse/Direction and These selections the input the the as to the the as to the If when the and or off of the continuing. Pulse/Direction Pulse/Direction the and the received the If the high, the as to the If the the as to the
Pulse/Direction as the command. leads counts received they as to the leads counts they as to the of and counted, therefore of count the Command Command The of input which allows to choose the input type to match the the The selection to the input of the command or the EP-I and then the selection the
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Source The or The input RS-422 while to rates of to Source The match that PLC and PC The high immunity and internal to the supply and required. The input included the and through the followed as shown below, the input and than input input recommended of the following input specifications: AM26C32 each input to input (A, A/) or (B, B/): required: EP-I Pulse-Direction STI-SNCI Connector input specifications: input specifications: input to (non-isolated) high collector) (referenced to 0V (referenced to input):+/-10 A A/ A/ B Direction B/ Direction/ B/
to 0V Common 0V) Commands motion the (active Direction: motion when high (inactive) and Negative motion when (active). CW Commands motion the (active of CCW Commands motion the (active of and B: leads motion commands leads B, motion commands EP-I ratio polarity and of the Direction The shows the count the the The Command, Feedback and Feedback to Feedback serially with Ratio Ratio The Ratio includes that and that The Ratio allowed to which motion. Acceleration when the already velocity. the to to this velocity this The displays that the follower to to the specified Once the follower the velocity, this and the follower follow the specified Velocity Recovery This when selected, activates the Recovery of the If velocity when initiated the follower to the specified ratio as specified the If the the follower to these the Recovery and the followers the specified Recovery Velocity This the velocity that the as corrects the of Velocity Check The Velocity to or off the Velocity the selected, the active and the the to If clear, the used. This the of the input velocity This to function. The of this to STI-SNCOA Connector CW Direction CCW Pulse-Direction
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference This when with the Velocity Command Velocity the Velocity this shows the velocity commanded the of the input function. Velocity Command This the velocity that the commanding the to properly should velocity command that matches the velocity feedback. Velocity Feedback This the velocity feedback. Command This displays the that commanded the input. Command This displays the from the This displays the of commanded to the This the of the Command the and the active). This the of the input Recovery Recovery This the of counts that the of These to recover selecting the Recovery This the of the input This LED when the active. Velocity Active The LED when velocity active. and Functions This function and assignments or through Modbus. allows the to Velocity or Velocity This while that the velocity
This section that the of the Stop The input function, when activated, motion to of or the operating The Stop Deceleration the of velocity to Activating the Stop input function the to to Velocity Therefore, operating the to the to when activating the Stop input function. operating RPM, and the Stop input function activated with Deceleration of revs/s/s, the to second. the Stop input function deactivated, the previous operating within and the and immediately with of the selected The and input functions motion the indicated the input function using the Deceleration This active function, that the of the active the motion only the allows motion to off the switch. Conversely, the motion the allows motion to off the switch. If both input active the motion least of the released. or input function activated, the and the L the LED the front of the Once the off the switch, the cleared and the L If both input functions activated the as the Stop input function activated and the Stop Deceleration The function of the the of the Function (FM) to the Please to the reference Scaling This allows to the of to the of the the If the Scaling to higher than the the that of the This the Scaling You this from the or the MODBUS Scaling and Scaling to the and from There of RMS RMS displayed the as "C".
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference RMS RMS protects the from overheating. The RMS the thermal heating and cooling of the and based the commanded and the velocity. On the RMS and continually updated. the RMS reaches activated and the Active output function active. Each to to of the the seconds when RPM or If of required, seconds of RMS typical. the Command to when the RMS below This seconds or the The RMS both and velocity. At of the RMS closely follow the Command At high of the RMS higher than the Command The RMS seconds. This that the of it about seconds to reach the RMS (this to EP-I The EP204 and EP206 internal transistor. This active when the reaches and off when the below The DC offers this DBR-1. Optionally, the to of internal algorithm to the from overloading. It to the the software. the Operation the Release and input These input functions together to the of the function. The below shows the relationship the input and
motion should commanded while the Active function Inactive function Release The Release input function release the this input function the function release This input function other allowing the to released while active or the function. This input function, when active, the the Release input function. This input externally the while allowing the to the and The function to the holding If the function off, the mechanically the the the front of the The to capacity, therefore, relay to offers relay, BRM-1. This the low-pass to the input. this of This the that the input reach operation. this to This to velocity the and from to The which or These to as and They from the Each Source. Source options Velocity Command Velocity Feedback Command Feedback Following Release On On On
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Feedback Source: Velocity Command Velocity Command Each includes and This allows to to effectively increasing the The both of these the Source selection. Velocity Command RPM Velocity Feedback RPM Command of Feedback of Feedback Following Velocity Command Velocity Feedback Command of Feedback of Feedback Following You the to velocity overshoot. to velocity of RPM of 10V RPM the following. Selected Velocity Feedback the Source. the to RPM. the to RPM/VOLT. This active from to to to RPM. Therefore, the measured increased. and through the of input and These assigned to input or the or the they assigned to such as PLC or other motion to or the operation. with optically isolated input to function) and three optically isolated The FM-2 input and four The input and output through the I/O (J6), or through the (J5). The input and through the I/O (J3) the front of the Source Velocity Command Velocity Command
and as sourcing and to from to The user the to than each Function Active State The active of input function to Active or Active On using input function Active On that active when to to the input assigned to, and active when to the input function "Active that active when to the input and active while to applied. functions which initiate motion Initiate and Initiate) Active The input function Active", which that active of whether or assigned to input and, the function assigned to input active whether or to that This testing the I/O Forced On and Forced input forced to the "Forced On" and "Forced boxes. force input On or the assigned to that affected. The forced of input and to NVM and when the Debounce The user Debounce which the to On least the This If the attached to the debounced, the of the to the Reference (the Forced On and Forced You force to using the Forced On and Forced boxes. force On or the functions affected. The forced of input and to NVM and when the Active State The active of Active On. This that the supply when the of the of the function(s) assigned to that active. Debounced Debounce Force On/Off Force On/Off Command
With four Select assigned, of them active, initiated when the Index Initiate input function activated. If and initiated when the Initiate function active. If four Select the selected This input function the to the It Active This input function the already or or the input function active or the function active. This input function the to the It Active This input function the already or or the input function active. This input function with the and to the active and or activated, the the velocity specified the Velocity active and or activated, the the velocity specified the Velocity This input function with It as the reference If the option the the to then the offset of the when this input function activated. input This input function usually with It as the reference If the option the the to then the offset of the when this input function activated. input the while Function active option selected the initiated to function this input This input function to and logically with the the front of the to Next This input function with If the this then..." to Next input function", then the and this input function activated the the Stop The input function the Stop Deceleration to the to velocity and If the input function activated when or terminated. this function active, and input functions deactivated, and active input functions become the input function active when the Stop input function deactivated, the motion initiate using the Acceleration The the when the function activated (or the Select Index Select On On On On On On On On On On On On Select Select Selected
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference This input function, when active, the Command to to the of the and The and input motion the indicated the input function the Deceleration These function of the motion initiated or function, motion that the of the active the input to off the Functions This activated when the input function activated or the of function activated. This the rebooted, the or reinitiated. At Velocity This function active whenever the the commanded velocity of or It activates when the and when the The function to the If the function off, the mechanically the the the front of the OK This function active whenever and the this function. of Chaining Count This function when the count or the repeated the specified of This function active another started. of This function activated when completed this function activated, the function activated. This function when Index, or initiated. of This function activated when completed. This function when Home, or Index initiated. of Index Count This function when the of specified the count It active the initiated. If selected the count, this function of Motion This output function when the motion to It active another initiated or the the If together without of then this function active This function active whenever Active This output function active when the If the RMS of the the the to the to of the
This function that reference the to the and Motion This function activated whenever the velocity than the Motion Velocity the or The the Motion Velocity RPM. to high of this function. This function when the velocity to than of the Motion Velocity At the of this activated when the feedback within of from the amount of To this function the and (found the the the become active the feedback within the the amount of specified Active (MDS Only) The Active when the measured C. This the to of This the MD-410, MD-420 and MD-434 This active the to cool to C. Ready (MDS Only) The Ready active (high) when the completed the properly. Once this active the The Ready high operation and of If AC and Ready of the following occurred: or High VAC This active when the or OK and It inactive when to the This function the without or which selected). Active This of the internal activity. and These active when the associated input functions active. Velocity This function active only when the Velocity and the velocity feedback reaches the specified Velocity" this activated and the velocity reaches and Active This active the Command the specified Active This output active the Command the specified (The Command to the
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Work Communication to or the software to the the The selected the Download to or the Path boxes. From the choose Download or Path to the or the buttons used, below. Uploading the of reading information back from the to the To information from the the or from the choose or The and the appear. shows that COM found, The the following information found: Address/COM ID Communication Base/Drive FW Revision FW Revision Select the to and
Downloading Downloading the of the created with from the PC to the the information or the to RAM clicked. To information to the Download the or from the choose Download The Download to and the appear. COM found. The the following information every found: Address/COM ID Base/Drive FW Revision FW Revision Download to ID Select the to to and OK Path This function allows the to the and address/Com and It when the user selected address/Com and wishes to to another. The the with information the and Ethernet This information Address/COM ID Communication
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Base/Drive FW Revision FW Revision Path Select the the and then OK. The then the the of
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Generally, when usually when connected to To offline the New from the or New from the New the New appears, the selection and the OK displayed. the tree of the offline You to the as Information The such as type, type and
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference the You to characters. the to which to the information. the of this to the of Click the arrow of the then the of the currently Click the arrow of the then the connected to the Selecting the type performance and the and/or Direction Selections: Click which clockwise (CW) or counterclockwise (CCW), to as motion the CW and CCW the from the Rotation
assigned the which The the displays the input the function polarity and the active The the right displays the input, four input the and input function assignments. You or Debounce the input To assign Function to Assign input highlighting input function the and the highlighted input function to the input the To input function from input the input function from the then the highlighted input assignment back to the To Function Active Select the input function the Click the Active The Active State the to the To input function Active: Select the input function the Click the Active The Active State the to the assigned the which The the displays the functions The the right displays the the active and the function assignments.
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference To Function to Assign highlighting function the Function and the highlighted function to the the To Function from To function from the function from the then the highlighted assignment back to the Function" To Function Active Select the the Click the Active The the to the with the and input motion types) and initiated when other motion command
initiating motion, the related as below. The Velocity the velocity when the input function active. The Velocity the velocity when the input function active. The the to The Deceleration the to the Routine that the with of the initiated. The accomplishing this The the below. Routine The the type of that the or One Home.
the to the to to or the the the Select the type. to the from its The the the or the the to The Velocity the velocity the The velocity The the to the The Deceleration the to the These already created If already the to If created the to through the previous section, establishing Generally, when usually when connected to with that the basic to establish with the and the proceeding, to the PC and the attempting to the software to to the the To the the Options|Preferences|Ptools Operations from the then the This allows the to which when operations. scanned. The the and match. to with higher than the the The with of
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference established the selecting from the choose Rate Downloading the ready to the information the to the and the of the to to the Address text Click the Download the or from the Download establish and the information the to the select. Downloading clear (U If already with the this section to To the the the Path while Next, the to
downloading to the the user to the operation of the the below. I/O and the R the the with the the or input functions Initiate Initiate the To the information, from the Follow the instructions. the To printed of the the from the If while the include of information. Disconnecting to the to the the and PC to clear the or to options only when offline. To the the (or the from the
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference The closed to the and velocity of the These and velocity and the associated when the velocity or and when the closed user-specified and (PID) which to The of these with the and the The unknown the of the process. The the the user this the and The specified The to with to to mismatch. with this performance which with the factory these of specified which the functions to the performance. The include Ratio, Friction, and the world that or of PID The of the that there and as with PID PID to to where the effects of the the PID The that the to instability. The of internally that the of effects This of the and the performance the You only to the and three to the and the Once the the and The these and information to the These the to repeatable and highly Procedure Once the completed, the to the of the basically to four Intermediate slightly than the previous to information. If optimization, that with the then further based performance. The procedures that software or FM-P. Initial the as follows: Ratio Friction High Performance Procedures
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference If Ratio greater than the directly to the Intermediate where the the or to the performance. Intermediate or the It to the the the Ratio the to the other the the and the to the performance. the the the to the the and the to the performance. Procedure: of the The of the to the should using software or other software. mechanical this the include mechanics that than than the to to or of the
Increase the The normally the when performance the should with higher and higher with mismatch. This higher torsional the of Torsional specially type coupling with or there the should decreased. The highest recommended with High Performance The the to its to the of the to the of the rigidity. of accomplishing this to increase the of the the becomes from the the of or To loads, this should completed with the the Once of reached back the off to operation years to Procedures
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference The motion when this and the following The first shows motion with the turned off. The shows motion with the and the the of the PEI off PEI the performance when them the Ratio and Friction of the the performance actually or the of or friction operation.
Ratio Ratio the to ratio and of to of that the to The to with the Ratio of of reduced. The Ratio to the internal the velocity and including To the Ratio the reflected to the the of the Include the as where The should as the Ratio Where: IR Ratio RLI Reflected (lb-in-sec MI If the unknown, should used. If higher than the the to If than the and of the the to than usually satisfactorily. If the than of the the There three the the of used. If the of the or there the the lowest The reduced the of Friction the this friction characterized terms of the of friction increase RPM. The to of of the specified The Friction or measured. friction If estimated, than or to If the friction completely unknown, of should used. typical would than If the higher than the If the than the operation. The the velocity with of to affects the to commands, and velocity The velocity to with of specified the and factor of If the to the of the the of the than the the to the RLI MI Procedures
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference High Performance High Performance affects the closed of the and greatly the of the High Performance when the Ratio and Friction High Performance when the where the or the coupling the and the windup or backlash. High Performance should that commands based the commanded velocity, and the known Ratio and Friction). the reduces velocity steady and reduces overshoot This the to to commands. should the performance from the them reduces the of the and the and/or friction of the greatly or the Ratio or Friction correct. The internal velocity and using the Ratio and Friction The from the Ratio and the velocity from the Friction the of the Ratio and Friction If the Ratio than the the would velocity overshoot If the than the velocity reduced If the Friction than the friction, velocity or instability. If the Friction than the friction, velocity reduced operating however, they function. These below. The reduce to mechanical coupling and other the the velocity the to the of the velocity the The the cut-off exceeding this of The the and the internal to This choices and If the to when the the slightly to commands and The to the actually This and Active Velocity Preset Velocity Pulse/Position Summation FF FF
performance to the the This section the which those If which throughout the such as the both to the Initial the outlined this section, the and to If than mismatch, the If the than the following Ratio Ratio and the with known while the the following the If allows of motion without interference, recommended that Preset Velocity to If of motion, recommended that to the and to exceeding the of motion. The and should enough to least of The higher the the the the With that than to the with to the Feedback. With that or to the Command the of or with the Watch To the both and The allows to the friction of the If throughout the such as the both to the The Command and Velocity Feedback measured the software or FM-P. with and of and velocity. Procedure: The to of to of the and the the Command and Friction Ratio to Ratio High Performance Procedures
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference the below to the or counterbalanced the following Where: IR Ratio Td from below the following Where: IR Ratio from the below while the force) while the force) while the force) while the force) Units Conversion If to motion to the as below. The this when the information the Conversion Where: MPK RPSS Td)) (R IR (R IR MPK (RPSS MG-205 MG-208 EN-204 MG-316 NT-320 Command) RPM Velocity)
MG-316 MG-340 MG-455 EN-208 NT-320 NT-330 NT-345 NT-355 MG-455 MG-490 EN-214 MG-4120 NT-345 NT-355 NT-207 NT-212 MG-205 MG-208 NT-207 NT-212 MG-205 MG-208 MG-316 Command) RPM Velocity) Procedures
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference The the front of the shows and FM-2 and the the the The On when the and the input active. This that the ready to and motion motion. Motion commands motion Ready (R) and the On. Indication mechanically This character only appear the function assigned to The or FM-2/MDS functioning normally and Ready ready to motion command. Indexing Index Other motion commands function. function Other motion commands function. Homing Other motion commands function. Velocity Velocity Operation Stop or Stop or RMS to and Troubleshooting
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Indication of and incorporated to the high DC and or with the the front of the or the input function. Other such as the then On. The there DC where the the to the the interrupted. The cleared when the The below the from highest to lowest. This that active, the higher displayed. Foldback to of (EN only) Ready to input. Action to Bridge Disabled the only) or NVM or or or (MDS) High DC or DC or or State Allow to Cool or
This that the From the to the firmware memory. If this would F/W disconnected the of process). Indicates the IGBT reached 100C This that the This with the or At the the of the memory. This the of the memory If this Technical The FM this its previous and known the the FM matches the and to which the FM attached. Action to Bridge or Allow to cool or RMS or or Following or Normally "On" On and Troubleshooting NVM
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference This when FM from and the powered-up. To the or with the and selections and the to the FM or If that the the FM or matches the and the seconds the cleared). to the or both the cleared the when the the FM match the and This when over-current or of supply This the of to ground, the or the of switching transistor. It the input and On This whenever the the DC The of this would high AC or that with This whenever the the DC below The of this reduction (or of AC with this to caused of to this to the Advanced section of information. and and the to This the of feedback caused shielding. of to this section information. If of the The or This when the thermal switch to or incorrect This when RMS than the rating of the internal This when the the Velocity This with software. High DC DC State RMS
This when the following the following following With the Following or the This caused when the or input function active. This of the It than second. If this Technical Service The DGNE to with or The wires to shorting to each other. shorted to GND, the the protected. ENABLE ENABLE VDC J6 VDC J6 MDS GND RESET SERIAL SERIAL J4 COMMAND J5 OUTPUT INPUT DRIVE OUTPUT INPUT DRIVE RESET COMMAND COMMAND and Troubleshooting Following SERIAL SERIAL On
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference (DGNE)
The displays active the Those that cleared clicking the the front of the or when the cleared. Others to to or the to to cleared. If to the software without the the To that with the the the or the the front of the where the occurred. Active To active the from the when with the the To the or the command from the This command the attached to the active and Troubleshooting
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Watch the Watch The Watch while and the PC with the The Watch allows the user to the of the location. of the Watch found below. To the Watch Tools\Watch from the If with the the Watch the selecting Watch the following Select appear. Watch Select The Select as allows the to specify which to the Watch To the Watch the the Source" or and the from the Source" the to the Displayed Watch the right and to the Watch
The Watch Once to the Watch or constantly monitored. If the or to It hasnt of seconds. seconds, the back to This allows the to what recently without directly The following of the and the Clear This to clear the selections the Displayed Watch that selected and the Watch Selections This the selections. This the to the of Once the selections the Selections to the the the the Watch Therefore, there of helpful the wishes to when those and recalled the Watch The Selections This the selections that using the Selections This the user to the of created previous Select The Select the commonly to the Watch I/O The Select I/O the or and outputs to the Watch The the Select while the Watch The associated the Watch and Troubleshooting
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference to to encounters. These the and offer The below the of might when with software with the displayed, the and Time-out while the to the and The attempted operation of operation selected) The attached Attempting to to without each individually. revisions, or matching revisions. matching firmware revisions. to with The that to and that with the then try The specified type match the type Please attached trying to than EMC of the type attached to the You which the rebooted. the to to NVM. to to NVM The attempted operation Communication Retry operation. to The the within the of that field. allowed this field. The of The displays information the this field currently selected or action. The disconnected the to the time-out the to the and try The occurred). The the to the time-out the to the and The occurred). The attempting to selected. with responding. The type selected the match the downloading to. This caused to or to and or of the the type. Yes/No. the type selected the to match the downloading to. the that specified and the or each individually. the that the Address least the of the of the connected.
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference to with DC This who existing or who To properly the the know the (the the and R, and T). At the the from the U, and tracks. this the U, and and the based the and The of U, and match the of the they to with the The U, and therefore, the to from the the the shifted to the as the This accomplished about whether the rotating or Required: AC/DC and VAC or of the Coupling the and the supply to the (CMDS or CMMS). feedback (CFCO). to the and wires testing. to securely the operation or Procedure The to consisting of and below: with the its characteristics. There of such as and count that considered. of these commonly found sheet and to testing. It that the repeatable with reference to of the This the using the and to the them to each and the cabling and interface to the and and feedback properly shielded and grounded. the to correctly the relationship of the and the with to the R, and the known. the the MOTOR.DDF This then the software when the to that the correctly. The first to the to the the terminals as R, and T. the following to establish the R, and
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference the terminals of the A, and C. If they the terminals The their You of the three terminals and R. this choose A. The of the and the phase leads. the and properly insulated. the to VCA and VBA. VCA and VBA measured the ground and the C and B. the CCW the counter-clockwise as the of the CCW Rotation of the the phase-to-phase VCA and VBA. There If VCA leads VBA, then assign to and C to T. If VCA leads VBA, then to and C to S. These relationships the below.
Phase Used to the of this to the terminals the R, and T. Feedback This to the feedback to the There to this interfacing and interfacing. Interfacing Each of the received to the and to increase This wires each and A/, performance these should with which supply interfacing Motors
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference to The of the supply to Feedback Thermal Switch Interfacing The facility to the thermal and the the of This properly to the protection. If thermal the input to the ground The thermal as follows: If thermistor used, PTC or increases as the increases. Its should or The when the thermistor reaches approximately Switch Operation:
rating Interfacing The expected to A, B, Z, U, and W. Each of these the the as and /A. and once U, and tracks. There interfacing the whether the to with or the phase relationship to the tracks. the from the to the To with this of the characteristics of the A, B, Z, U, and The relationships of A, B, U, and the shown the phase below. clarity the which and plotted from that which U, and plotted. that leads and leads and leads W. these obtained the then rotating the while the It to which of (CW or CCW) the shown the below. Phase of and Phase of U, and with CCW Rotation If the the obtained rotating the the Reference Motion as and the Reference Motion to If the the obtained rotating the then the Reference Motion as and the Reference Motion to It that the phases match the phase the leads B, leads and leads W. phase relationship the and and the U, V, relatively or they the the functionally You the to correctly to
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Incorrectly wired to the the to with correctly, know the tracks and the with to the R, and the The instead allows the to specified using the and If the which repeated motors, the then the motors. If the should establish mechanical and the This allow to the with another the without through this each Reading The reference motion this CW or CCW. first CCW. to the This with the from the with the of the supply. when using the supply testing Shorting the 5V supply internal which the factory. CCW Reference Rotation reading the the TS to allow readings. the to the While the counter-clockwise, to the phase relationship and of TS (the with reference to S). the below to the which the of This the that with CCW reference the of TS and the from to right.
CCW Where: EUA U If EUA Next, the to the phase relationship and TS to the the Z. This the Where: EMA If EMA that the specified of from the of U. You this from the however, to should this If or and TS the to the count. CW Reference Rotation If the reference motion the CW Reference Motion to the the CW the phase relationship the of and of EUA EMA
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference TS the below to the the of U. the CW the from to right and the of TS the increases from to right and the of TS that with CW reference the of TS and the from to right. If or and TS the to the count. typical to the of to crossing of the of SR with the rotating CCW. This to establish the motors. It accomplished the CCW with another while and SR Then while the CCW, the rotated its mounting the established. The then This the of to with the crossing of RT when the reference CCW.
Static Another to the to apply DC through the phases to and the mounting the of with or This the The through to should the polarity each R) and the to than of the RMS rating of the that the of the the reference twisting the CCW while the DC and that high when the rotated the reference the the Normally the of and the specified the If or to the following tests. this the AC the or the CEMF (Counter Force). This AC that waves of and to the the of the such as tachometer or the of the leads. the to VAC its highest You to about to VAC. the least RPM.
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference the RPM using photo-tachometer or the of the with the following to the velocity RPM. the following to the of the the and Count To the the of mechanical The of the the of mechanical the following to the referenced to the and to the referenced to the supply to the supply thereby the ground the to the the If using to the the should specify the RPM. the least Count the of of the waveform the of the the of 5:Editing the MOTOR.DDF The software the and of from the Definition (MOTOR.DDF). This the and located the directory as the software. This the and the MOTOR.DDF shown The MOTOR.DDF text that as It and edited with text such as text to the and as text to to another directory and the from to text allow to the as originally as .txt You that the edited as text otherwise as completed the as MOTOR.DDF Then back to its directory, overwriting the existing MOTOR.DDF The the MOTOR.DDF RPM Seconds/Re VRMS RPM of of
The includes the and information with count of included the appear this their the memory. Revision This and the This the of the this This and should to NameCount The NameCount the of sections the If four sections this should to which to the first four the The section the and of or user motors. each to the of The where XX the ID with and incrementing You both ID numbers. ID of would as There to the of allowed the of The to characters and immediately follow the This the that shows the The with which they used. Therefore, with [Definition] revision=0x4132 nameCount=2 [Motor0] name=User1 phaseResistance=20.80 phaseInductance=27.1 peakCurrent=4.29 maxOperatingSpeed=5000 [Motor1]
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference phaseResistance=7.30 phaseInductance=12.5 maxOperatingSpeed=5000 this the of user and Abbreviated the The below shows the each followed of each. These and active when user selected. selected, the these the and to the of the selected. the of (N-S) the The and the of mechanical The and The of counts the specified used. This both and velocity To properly the the know the (the the field and the which the (Z) with reference to TS when the the reference At the of the from the of the U, and tracks. This off as as the the the within second, the to the specified this The then efficiently. to this DDF Reference Motion KE phaseResistance Inductance phaseInductance peakCurrent maxOperatingSpeed
the which the of the track with reference to TS when the the reference At the the of the U, and and, using this of the to this Reference Motion the of motion phase of the and The CW(1) and CCW(0). the phase from of rotation. This affects the the the and This the of the The to lb-in-sec The this to the Ratio specified as ratio of to KE the of the The VRMS/ The this RMS when the rotated RPM. The to the phase-to-phase of the You this the terminals with The to ohms. Inductance the phase-to-phase inductance of the The to the allowed the The to ARMS. If the of the than ARMS, the as ARMS. The the to the capacity. Continuous the allowed the It to the and the amount of allowed The the to the based the capacity. This that the than the specified The to ARMS. the operating of the It the to the and to the Velocity Command. The Velocity Command to of the If the velocity of this the Typically this the and/or other mechanical or of the The RPM. the Once the and them the MOTOR.DDF the to the software. Once the MOTOR.DDF and to the
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Selecting the following to the with and existing or offline. allow to or while with From the the EZ (or from the from the of motors. the to the option which the Velocity to the the MOTOR.DDF Select the type. Download the to the Select the OK The the and Once the cabling and interface assembled and the correctly ready to the the below to the and that operating correctly. reasons, to that the below specified correctly. Inductance Continuous This the of and of I/O The to command and to allow the to and It that the the of the The this securely and that there nothing connected to the
At the to manually the through of This only the and housing that the to or that of the to this The four Rotation and Velocity Each the It to the the to to the proceeding to Rotation This that the correctly interfaced to the CW Rotation of the This that completed the the While with the the the Feedback and its the and the This reference Manually the CW as as that the Feedback increased This that the and wired correctly and the Reference Motion correct. Manually the as as CW The Feedback should increase exactly If the the Select from the the of the Track This directly from the of the U, and tracks. the clockwise. The Track should increase and to If change, there with the U, and If or there with the Reference Motion or the of U, and W. clicking the Disconnect the and the to and then the Re-establish with the selecting the Select from the the of the Correction Its should the detected. the through or the detected. The should If the the the
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference To this with locations. If the of the than there with the of U, and or inconsistency the The of this to the and that CW to and to Then the to the to the With to of of the which should enough to the to to the and the the the of this the It should If the this increase the command The should with somewhere and that the of motion CW. If there CCW or motion, there with If the to and then there of The of specified incorrectly. The specified incorrectly The terminals This the specified. It that the connected and ready to the while with command. the the to the input function active. the Select from the the the clockwise to RPM, then counter-clockwise the The should If the higher than the incorrectly specified and should re-tested. the and the input function to their Velocity the Select Velocity and Velocity to RPM. the to the to the the Velocity Command the the this exactly RPM. The should RPM. If the through the the should this If back and the
Confirm that the velocity really RPM that seconds to If this the the that both the and the off the factor. the to and the
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference EP NT or XP EN Compatible (Customer CT-MME-POWER-CD ESA HMI to to RS485 to RS485 PC to PC RS232 to RS485 Interface CT-COMMS EP I/O INPUTS OUTPUTS +24V 0V STI-24IO to to FM-3/4 Board, STI-SNCOA and Accessories Resistor, DBR1 J8 EP L1 L2 PE (J2) (J3) MIN EP204-I00-0000 9606XX-XX A1 SN 0610E014 J6 J5 J10 Feedback Board, STI-ENC BRM-1 or XCMDBS-XXX NT or MG or EZ to from FM-3/4 Board, STI-SNCI XV Feedback XEFTS-XXX Feedback XEFCS-XXX NT or MG Feedback EFCS-XXX* EZ Feedback of these XV
STI-24IO Interface The STI-24IO interface the EP-I allows to input and output The STI-24IO board mounts directly to the EP-I (J3) and from high of the STI-24IO should with troubleshooting and should and/or with should routed from high OUTPUTS INPUTS EN +24V 0V and
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference STI-EIO Interface The STI-EIO interface the allows to input and The STI-EIO board mounts directly to the (J3) and from high of STI-EIO connected to the of the D the STI-EIO. The STI-EIO to AWG insulated wire. should with troubleshooting and should and/or with should routed from high
ECI-44 Connector Interface The ECI-44 allows to and input and the MDS The ECI-44 should mounted to the and from high The ECI-44 with the mounting to DIN mounting tracks. of ECI-44 connected to the of the D the ECI-44. wraps to and ground the shield If to the DIN mounting the ECI-44 and the mounting The ECI-44 to AWG insulated wire. should with troubleshooting and should and/or with should routed from high and Accessories
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference ECI-44 Command Connector (J5) RS RS A/ B/ Z/ Common A/ B/ Z/ I/O I/O I/O Common I/O Common Command Command Common V, A, B, Not Not Not Not Not Not Connector Shell PE Ground Screw ECI-44 EN RS-485 A/ B/ Z/ DG A/ B/ Z/ I/O P.S. I/O P.S. Command AG AG EN V+ NC2 NC1 DG Ground AG NC (Connector and
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference protection. FM-2 Specifications from the supply. Function Characteristics (On), optically isolated V, DC sourcing, optically isolated Rated (Amps RMS) Specifications
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference and Clearances EP-I The following to the "A" as shown the below. "A" (shown inches/mm) EP202/204 EP206 DDC-RJ45 EIO A (4X).219
FM-2 and Clearances FM-2 Specifications
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference cooling To the following each and then them This and Where: TPL (Watts) TRMS RMS the (RPM) (Watts) (Watts)-(RSR-2 or TRMS would include specifics such as each these, please the Application with and loads. TRMS TPL
CMDS-XXX CMMS-XXX PE/GND BLU C C OLDER IDE BR ID HIELD FORM WIRE GRN/YEL BRN BLK Specifications
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference ESA-SP-485 SIGNAL GND TXRX+ TXRX- PIN WHT/GRN GRN WHT/BLU BLU WHT/ORG ORG WHT/BRN BRN SOLDER SIDE SIGNAL GND TXRX+ TXRX-
SNCE GND GND RED/WHT A+ A- B+ B- Z+ Z- EL/WHT BLU/WHT BLK/WHT EL BLU RED BLK DRAIN WIRE A+ A- B+ B- C Z+ Z- Specifications
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference SNCDD-915 GND 5V N/C N/C SOLDER SIDE N/C RED ORG GRN EL BLK BRN PUR BLU GND N/C N/C N/C N/C N/C N/C SOLDER SIDE
SNCFLI GND 5V N/C SOLDER SIDE RED ORG GRN YEL BLK BRN PUR BLU Specifications
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference SNCFLOA PULSE IN (SINGLE ENDED) PULSE IN (SINGLE ENDED) ANALOG OUT CHANNEL ANALOG OUT CHANNEL ANALOG COMMAND IN ANALOG COMMAND IN ENCODER OUT ENCODER OUT ENCODER OUT ENCODER OUT ENCODER OUT ENCODER OUT ANALOG OUT 0V ANALOG OUT 0V GND SOLDER SIDE BLU ORN GRN BRN BLK EL WHT/BRN BRN/WHT WHT/GR GR /WHT RED/ORG ORG/RED RED/BLU BLU/RED GRN/RED RED/GRN
MOTOR POWER CABLES XTMDS PIN PE/GND BLU REAR VIEW OF CONNECTOR BRAID SHIELD FORM WIRE GRN/ EL BRN BLK Specifications
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference XCMDS XCMDBS PE/GND C BLU C SOLDER SIDE PE/GND C BLU BRK+ BRK C SOLDER SIDE BRAID SHIELD FORM WIRE GRN/ EL BRN BLK BLU AWG) BLU/WHT AWG) FORM WIRE BRAID SHIELD GRN/ EL BRN BLK BLU AWG) BLU/WHT AWG)
MOTOR FEEDBACK CABLES XEFTS VDC SHIELD PIN BLU ORN A/ GRN BRN B/ BLK EL Z/ WHT/BRN BRN/WHT U/ WHT/GR GR /WHT V/ RED/ORG ORG/RED W/ RED/BLU BLU/RED 0V RED/GRN GRN/RED REAR VIEW OF CONNECTOR SOLDER SIDE A/ B/ Z/ U/ V/ W/ VDC COMMON MOTOR TEMP Specifications
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference XEFCS A/ B/ Z/ U/ V/ W/ VDC 0V SHIELD BLU ORN GRN C BRN BLK EL WHT/BRN BRN/WHT WHT/GR GR /WHT RED/ORG ORG/RED RED/BLU BLU/RED RED/GRN GRN/RED C SOLDER SIDE A/ B/ Z/ U/ V/ W/ VDC COMMON MOTOR TEMP SOLDER SIDE
EFCS MOTOR OVERTEMP C A/ B/ Z/ U/ V/ W/ VDC GND NOT USED C SOLDER SIDE To MG/NT/MH BLU ORN GRN BRN BLK EL WHT/BRN BRN/WHT WHT/GR GR /WHT RED/ORG ORG/RED RED/BLU BLU/RED RED/GRN GRN/RED A/ B/ Z/ U/ V/ W/ VDC COMMON MOTOR TEMP SOLDER SIDE To EP Specifications
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Microsecond, which seconds. The of Amplifier ARMS (RMS).Root Mean AWG American Rate The of such as RS-232. character usually that the On or with the On displays when the option buttons, boxes each other; On or of the others. The user-created It as or to the FM-3. It includes the assignments and CRC that appears to information from the the the information, the DIN DLL Microsoft of that to as Downloading The of of from FM to or amplifier. EEPROM EEPROM Electrically Read-Only Memory; that its both recorded and they when
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference EMC EMI Interference EMI which, when coupled The to software that such as read-only memory (ROM). Another type of EEPROM. the FM-3, this the firmware the and function field the firmware. FM Function which attached to the front of the to functionality. Routine The motion which the precisely with of with input, the to its the input the that the The of to increasing input input I/O The reception and of information I/O switches, relays, which or off or that flow, motion motion that the or to The property of to velocity acted force. Higher to and the and of the Function function Stop, that attached to input The terminals of or to which applied. Least The that the least or the least LED Light which the choose of items, such as or the
which of MB MODBUS Gould, Inc. of interface software and The MDS follows the outlined the Reference PI-MBNS-300 Revision G, November Function The that the or that the Millisecond. NVM Memory. NVM specifically as the change. It to through NTC Negative Option known as the Round to of of Opto-isolated of from of to another without the of ground The transmitted optically with light Light and light (usually photosensitive These isolation. Function function OK, that assigned to output The or relay or read/write that and the operation. These the PE Protective Earth. PID that the that closed-loop PLC known as these and
EP-I Indexing and FM-2 Indexing Reference Windows-based software to interface with the and EP MDS and FM-2/3/4 Function Option RAM RAM Random-Access Memory, which memory whereby location memory found, as as other location. RMS Mean Squared. the RMS to the of steady which would the heating of ROM ROM Read-Only Memory. ROM instructions that to such as of the operating RPM with of This achieved information as of and The that switch or the software. The of force, of its to torsion and about Uploading The of of from to FM. that boolean, input function, and Direct Velocity The of Microsoft Microsoft operating that graphical interface, memory and The and the to and choices.