Nfinity UPS To AC Business-Critical Continuity
You On Network More IT and than the years. Network than Its about and about uncertainty, and capacity. If to racks) or undoubtedly the of these IT to operations. You to to the operation of to business continuity. and other capacity and criticality increasing. of this Thats why protection that easily as It Together: The Nfinity UPS The Nfinity UPS to and to with its to easy to users as their cost-effectively without re-investing or installation. The houses of the including and Nfinity the protection Network Closets
Nfinitys and allow to specify that right the to with the input to to increase life. loads, to 110V. Compatible and necessity and with back Highest Nfinity offers the highest of its of of the rated of Two-Year Factory Warranty two-year warranty or of Nfinity UPS the warranty Nfinitys allows to and of The UPS with the and to that the Thomas Network University of Higher Flexibility With Higher The Nfinity UPS that conditioning, to battery, and than interactive and which increase UPS functionality, and reliability. The Nfinity offers with internal and optional Computers The Nfinity of the Architecture of cooling and that IT The Architecture higher performance with flexibility than other Higher that of the highest of IT With the Architecture, technologies to the they wherever Flexibility The of the Architecture to the of technologies, higher of or increased with to operations. Lowest of Ownership to and efficiency. Their to to and their life.
Theres Nfinity Application Nfinity UPS of and and then as change. Nfinity to non-redundant and to N+1 with incredibly footprint 20W 28D 41H). The to N+1 The to N+1 (both 20W 28D 54H). The and the The to operating Each of housing. and battery housed within the the top of the while of the This allows to to More Choices Initial Capacity
Higher Flexibility Shipped as tested ready Hot-swappable allow or of battery, and without or to the of UPS operation. without shutdown. the and to themselves off-line there without integrity. when and Emergency off with redundancy. to and from the input operation to life. to and Highest of its class, of of the rated of Scalable battery to that allows of without increasing footprint. allows UPS or without the or downtime associated with the purchase of UPS. Additional to hours. and software Lowest Ownership and because to and reduce thanks to serviceability. allows to effectively invest as Reduced and UPS shipped with connected and charged. Incredibly The Nfinitys the to higher and flexibility. The the and to themselves off-line there without integrity. and increase UPS functionality and reliability. with the user interface to information about the of the and The of paired functionality the of and that operations and continuously the batterys and to their and performance. built-in each the and to allow the to from the DC necessary. protection and building they that Nfinity factor corrected (PFC) to input waveform. This allows the to efficiently and reduces reflected Nfinity sinewave to and from the to of and
Accessory The Nfinity around protection, allowing the Nfinity UPS to pulled from service without to the protected loads. include switch, UPS input switch and branch rated Battery The Nfinity when to protected loads. This that to Nfinity allowing to as Distribution The Nfinity output option the to easily with and to the Nfinity. from 15A to 30A and include branch rated to each Select of or as as choice of or of The Nfinity UPS incorporates that of and operating information, as as Interface The interface the of the Nfinity UPS and the It features easy-to-read LCD and LED The informs the of the of the UPS, including the and and allows to the to or Communication and The includes four options including: SNMP/WEB that allows the Nfinity to with Ethernet that to four to UPS to of The to and internal and Shutdown Software the to the Nfinity UPS shutdowns, protects and downtime. The software shutdown or and effective with and displays UPS instrumentation
Service To You To the and trouble-free operation of Nfinity UPS, the Emerson Network Service offers of optional service which The UPS the cant right properly. the process, the and of Nfinity UPS factory-trained This that the the and the published provided. Remote service Nfinity UPS to Customer (CRC). The CRC continuously and initiates to corrective action Customer or Customer (CRC), activates the Emerson Network 24-hour service This two-way to factory-trained through wireless four-hour from the CRC Customer arrives (Applicable U.S. and apply). Preventive Preventive to the of and corrective or repairs. It To The Nfinity together to to and Higher to the highest of IT Flexibility The Nfinity to the of technologies, higher of or increased with to operations. LOWEST TOTAL COST OF OWNERSHIP the highest of UPS and efficiency that to to IT applications. The Nfinity UPS high- AC to protecting them from aberrations to brownouts, or interference. to or Network to the Nfinity to IT operations.
Ensuring The High Mission-Critical Applications Specifications Units Unit Conducted and Radiated EMC FCC Class UL Immunity IEEE C62.41, Mechanical Units Height Units (C) Relative Humidity (M) Heat Units VAC to VAC based Factor Battery Units Battery Capacity (With of Battery non-redundant Charge VDC (to capacity) Units VAC or Recovery msec THD, THD, non-linear Efficiency Emerson Network The Business-Critical Continuity AC Connectivity DC Business-Critical Continuity, Emerson Network and the Emerson Network and service of Emerson Emerson Computing Switching Precision Cooling Protection Corporation Dearborn P.O. Columbus, (U.S. Only) U.S.) FAX (PD) FAX Emerson Network 7/F., FAX U.S.) While to and this Corporation responsibility, and from of this information or or Corporation. rights throughout the Specifications to without to or of their respective owners. and the of the Corporation. SL-23900 (R03/07) Printed USA EmersonNetworkPower.com Integrated Services