NXL and Three Phase AC Business-Critical Continuity
ATTERY C ABINET RECAUTIONS The following to with UPS Additional warn- and to found Instructions and Battery WARNING to installation). Battery upright. to this warning fire or 1-800-LIEBERT installation). Contacting Emerson Network Services information or service the United States 1-800-LIEBERT or service the United States, Services, covered Services, the authorized factory-authorized service. the following information Services: Purchased: Installed: Location: Battery
ATTERY C ABINET RECAUTIONS IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS NTRODUCTION of Operation. Normal Battery Bypass. PERATION Touchscreen Navigation. Reports Shutdown Battery of Operation. OK to Battery. Battery Emergency Remote Emergency Procedures. Procedure Procedures Shutdown Procedures. Shutdown Procedure. Operations (Without to Condition) to Bypass, UPS to UPS. AINTENANCE Precautions TABLE OF CONTENTS
Services Professional Routine Record Battery Battery Precautions Detecting Trouble Reporting Corrective Actions Inspections SPECIFICATIONS Battery Operation. Conditions. PPENDIX UPS LARM AND TATUS ESSAGES A43
Typical UPS locations typical Normal flow bypass, UPS On bypass, UPS off tree Battery Typical Shutdown UPS shutdown shutdown commands. Battery Battery summary. Battery monitorclear (UPS bypass, UPS UPS, UPS, Emergency off. off commands UPS with two-breaker of Table UPS service Table Battery and Battery specifications, otherwise Table specifications Table NXL and FIGURES TABLES
MPORTANT AFETY NSTRUCTIONS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS This instructions that should and of NXL UPS and batteries. WARNING of shock. Can or death. when UPS to or to to information and Follow when charging or servicing batteries. to the of shock, and burns. of fire fire extinguishers or others fire fighting. when Service and properly trained and and with regulations as as with specifications. constantly that the UPS high DC as as AC With input off and the disconnected, high and should within seconds. occurred, that high shutdown. with AC the bypass, the UPS terminals and the switch, associated with both AC and DC to the UPS both the and isolated from with earth ground and the UPS chassis using within the connected to the chassis ground. floating and the chassis shock that the physically or electrically, with earth ground. This that with high troubleshooting should used. This with AC and DC to or when the turned high the when the reason. ONLY properly trained and service should the UPS of the service and should The service should wear isolation from with the (earth ground). One should should to and should This particularly when the tery.
NTRODUCTION The NXL UPS high-quality AC to business-critical such as telecommunications and The NXL UPS that of the and and to which to brownouts, blackouts, and The NXL the high-frequency, pulse-width and to its and increase the ease of shown the AC input CB1 and the the AC DC The that DC from the utilityor DC from the AC the The the through the the of The the through the bypass. If or of the UPS necessary, the switched without service to the bypass. Typical UPS of Normal the from AC and DC to the which AC to supply the nected The the to charge the BFB CB2 CB1 Battery MBD DC Introduction
the NXL the directly and with- protection. The and switch the from the to without AC the with the and of the following capacity manually turned off the Battery AC the NXL protects the instantaneously to the which the without interruption. and within the NXL back to Normal with the the The of or Assembly recommended to allow to the UPS from of the tion of options from UPS options ratings.) below the options. The first three items to the UPS The options performance or Other options information. Battery and The the of The NXL UPS of types, the the UPS DC and the of This option to the UPS Battery (VRLA) sealed match- and otherwise unprotected the UPS or connected to the This option to the UPS Battery The UPS Battery located the UPS the the Battery to the from The Battery release to that shutdown or from the UPS This option to the UPS Distortion This reduces input reflected harmonic tion to than reflected THD The factory-installed the UPS. This the input factor to than This switchboard bypass. It includes: (MBB) and (MIB). NOTE If the with the bypass, the switch the from the to the WITH AC to the This interruption than This the Introduction
Synchronization The (LBS) option UPS (and therefore their buses) when the operating or asynchronous AC This that connected to both switch the Customer Interface This optional interface allows the input and of from each with customer-selected of to The following each and to seconds). Charging the (typically 77F [25C]), this optional proportionally reduces charging to overcharging the battery. Battery Testing activated, this option forces the to the of The UPS then the to collected the UPS to the appears to specifications. The NXL Battery Battery and when those options active. Introduction
PERATION The NXL UPS with microprocessor-based touchscreen and operation. The easy-to- follow, software. The NXL interface the to such the through the UPS and readings reports and history security function) output The touchscreen white-background with The cally, of inactivity the backlight and the appear Touching the the backlight; the backlight active If screen other than the accessed, that with- interaction. If there activity the to the basic locations (CB2) (CB1) EXTERNAL INTERFACE BOARD
typical Active BYPASS C L-L INPUT C L-L UPS Battery the input and the input The (BFB) to the right of this The shown as or closed. UPS the UPS input and The input (CB1) to the right of this The shown as or closed. Battery the and the or to or from the tery. Pressing this switches the connected The Battery (MBD) to the right of this The shown as or closed. DC the DC and the of the the phase factor and The phase this the the of the timeout displayed the of the 0V CB1 BATTERY OF BIS1 MBD BFB DC BUS MODULE OUTPUT C L-L L-N KVA KW PF KVA/KW CB2 0C
Normal flow Normal Black Unknown Normal Black Unknown
bypass, UPS On Normal Black Unknown bypass, UPS off Normal Black Unknown
Touchscreen Navigation Several items from the These items tree Battery Reports Shutdown Battery Option NXL Trap MBD Graph UPS UPS Battery Battery Commissioning Battery
This item showing the following These commissioning when the UPS Unit Unit Source Battery Count Battery KW Service Telephone ID
These from the touchscreen. Press the to the of each to that allow the to BrightnessHigh or or Seconds (MM DD, YYYY Month, or the characters, LanguageEnglish, Chinese, Spanish, to Phase ABC, RST, XYZ, RYB, RWB, UVW, L1L2L3 Unit NumberAlphanumeric Unit through Unit
These and from the touchscreen. Press the to the of each to that allow the to Phase to Phase to Phase C to (second)0 to seconds) to High to Warning Warning30C to 40C 35C) Battery These from the Press the to the of each to that allow the to Battery to hours to 200hours NOTE both and NOTE Battery service to If Battery the and the item displayed.
Battery to of Hour and the of the Month, and Year Duration, to of Battery only1.75VPC to 1.95VPC 1.75VPC); this the the Battery Warning Battery Warning to Battery Battery Warning30C to 50C 40C) Battery to 60C 50C) Battery Count Count to Battery to NOTE If to and the Battery the Battery
This item the NXL and informa- tion. Each the following: active the the cleared, acknowledges the when when Table of and Typical Reports This the records. to the The with once the reaches HoursTotal hours the UPS Battery of the the cleared This to the UPS and This the UPS Procedures Devices TrapThis the MBD/BCBIf MBD operated, the and the to If MBD motorized, the the UVR. The MBD/BCB closed manually. If MBD selected, this NOTE You to
Shutdown This the UPS and Shutdown Trap the input MBD/BCB the associated MBD or BCB UPS off and to bypass, UPS shutdown off and shutdown UPS completely. NOTICE The following displayed when the UPS about to To shutdown the UPS, OK. shutdown NOTE The following displayed when the UPS about to To the UPS, OK. of This the
This switching UPS and the shows the UPS with the bypass. If the UPS and switch the UPS to Pressing UPS switch back to Normal commands
Battery This Graph the the the Battery Battery Battery Service only. Commissioning Service only. Battery occurred these and Each KW AH C Duration C KW Battery CB KW Battery CB
Battery summary Battery Battery Active Battery Active Battery Hours Active Battery KW of Battery summary
Clear This the of that the permanently and should downloaded proceeding Battery monitorclear This the the This the This non-active latched This the of Operation This section the of through switches and UPS of operation. The of operation apply to of the NXL. Highlighted (thick) the and These and switch to the UPS) that might installation. Bypass, with the UPS shown The UPS this of operation or UPS shutdown and isolation NOTICE (UPS of the from the to and fluctuations. BFB CB2 CB1 Battery DC MBD
OK to The OK to when the and UPS both their and phase synchronization matched within specifications, and the Static Switch Disconnects closed (ON). to On If displayed, the operating On UPS the OK to displayed, the manually from the UPS to or the manually from the to the UPS. To the Procedures to Procedures The UPS initiate to the or UPS detected. The initiate to the UPS when the recovering from than to Operations bypass, UPS UPS, BFB CB2 CB1 Battery BFB CB2 CB1 Battery DC MBD DC MBD
Battery If the AC or the the becomes the the UPS The UPS to supply to the and to the UPS the Battery the UPS to the to the shutdown The the the the of the and the and of the that Battery Battery and Battery The these the UPS These selected Services The the UPS Charge or and the BFB CB2 CB1 Battery DC MBD
Battery The from the UPS, battery the (MBD) this the UPS to to the input the UPS supply to the CAUTION the UPS operating with the (MBD) the protected from of the UPS, Emergency The Emergency (LEMO) the to the and from UPS the and the switch. The Emergency guarded to the touchscreen the cover and the The to bypass, and the (MBD), input and (tripped). to Shutdown Procedures Emergency off BFB CB2 CB1 Battery BFB CB2 CB1 Battery DC MBD DC MBD
Remote Emergency The Remote Emergency (REPO) the to the and from UPS the and the switch. The Remote Emergency switch located from the UPS It the as the This initiated the as the manually operated switch. the Remote Emergency switch operated, UPS including the through the UPS from the Typically, the REPO the that to the and the UPS to Shutdown Procedures Remote off Procedures The NXL UPS to function while tions the as tions Other manually. to the include and Shutdowns. These the touchscreen and manually operated and switches. The touchscreen each This section to and to the following including recovering from input recovering from shutdown and recovering from shutdowns or including from UPS to and from to the UPS including from internal to and from to internal bypass. Shutdowns including shutdowns and shutdowns. BFB CB2 CB1 Battery NOTE The following that the UPS inspection and Services. the to operation. DC MBD
Procedure CAUTION The following to the that the to that and ready the to If includes Bypass, already supplying to the through the If there to the apply through the UPS the following to the through the UPS while the UPS the reason the UPS shutdown, the To this, the apply to the UPS the of the following and switches: that this the front of the UPS the Battery that this or tripped. If used, that the (BFB)This should (CB2)This should WARNING of shock and high Can and death. If the UPS that of the UPS closed and latched. from the to the UPS the the touchscreen and the function properly. The touchscreen to UPS when the UPS This the recovering from shutdown. If the supplying the the by: Closing the (BIB), to the UPS. This the The touchscreen should Pressing the then buttons The BFB appears the the BFB Press OK to BPSS On Command appears. Press OK to This the the UPS internal bypass. NOTE to the already through this NOTE If the to Emergency there the touchscreen that (or the of) the shutdown. or of the To clear these off least the to completely back and
The CB1 appear. CB1 The Press OK to On Command appear. Press OK This the UPS rectifier. internal bypass. The Press OK to On Command appears. Press OK The (CB2) The On and the internal bypass. The Press OK to Command appears. Press OK The from the UPS NOTICE of this the input and the Services required. the DC manually the (MBD) to the UPS). The Battery the the and WARNING of shock, reaction, chemicals and fire. Can and death. charging with batteries. to the the information about commands NOTE The increase quickly, then should If the recovering from shutdown or input the UPS recharging the battery. than Amps. The allowable recharge the rating and factory-set recharge
Procedures the from the UPS to the UPS the from UPS to the UPS that the UPS initiate and to Operations Procedure Press the the touchscreen. The appear the If the UPS with synchronization with the bypass, the This the from UPS to Bypass. Procedure Press the the touchscreen. The appear the If the UPS with synchronization with the bypass, the UPS This the from to UPS To manually the and the UPS follow these instructions. the and the UPS the to the UPS UPS with two-breaker MBFB BIB RIB Switchgear MBB BFB CB2 CB1 Battery NOTICE of to follow the operating when operating to the connected of off to the UPS DC MBD MIB Operation
TransfersIf UPS If the or switchboard optional the the to the from the If the the the (MBB) to it to closed. the (MBB). the (MIB). The UPS isolated from the and the If using interlock the from the the (MIB) to If the or switchboard optional the the If UPS shutdown required, the (BIB). TransfersIf the (BIB) or BIB closed. that UPS (motorized) closed. to Procedure If the or switchboard optional interlock the the to the from the If interlock the the the (MIB) to to closed. the (MIB). the (MBB). UPS If interlock the from the the (MBB) to If the or switchboard optional the the NOTICE of The UPS internal the following and operating MIB or MBB, or to the UPS and the NOTE If the or switchboard other type of follow the instructions that interlock to the NOTE If the or switchboard other type of follow the instructions that interlock to the
Shutdown Procedures Shutdown Procedure Shutdown Procedure when to from UPS NXL UPS. These and the UPS. the to the operating of the UPS UPS Shutdown Procedure Press the Shutdown the touchscreen. The Shutdown appear the Press the UPS This Press OK to the UPS Shutdown Procedure Press the Shutdown the touchscreen. The Shutdown appear the Press the This Press OK to the Operations The NXL UPS to function while The the performance of the UPS, the of and the the The what without to bypass. Initiates to to or when selected UPS Can initiate to the UPS cleared. Initiates to and shutdown when specified UPS (Without The UPS of of the that within the of that the linear. high of (momentary the both the UPS and the Whenever should the of the If the capacity, the UPS initiates to the NOTE Service and only properly trained and and with as as with specifications. NOTE This shutdown the and the and to NOTE This shutdown the and the and UPS completely.
Current-versus-time of to Condition) The UPS initiate to the the current-versus-time of capacity or specified UPS On illustrated The and initiate to and the On displayed. The active the to Other UPS initiate to immediately the shutdown and isolation of the UPS to to UPS to the and as they The switch fired (closed), the and the closed. to the through the switch the while both NOTE to the completed whenever to initiated. If the OK to the If the Static Switch reason, the to milliseconds. of the of the UPS Operation
to UPS specified UPS the initiate to immediately shutdown and isolation of the UPS The (MBD) and input The closed the that the usually Battery Shutdown. The the as illustrated Emergency The following UPS initiate to bypass: DC Shutdown Shutdown Low-Battery Shutdown Shutdown Timeout Blown to information about these installations include Remote Emergency that initiated cally the to Remote Emergency to UPS the and both closed of The following to initiate of the from the to the UPS initially to the to only. from the to caused other than below of the rated Both the and the (MBD) remained closed the OK to from the least seconds, within of the from or Cyclic-type which to to to the each including the NOTE to the completed whenever to initiated and the If the OK to the If the Static Switch reason, the to milliseconds. of the of the UPS NOTE If the UPS to initiate this the or Services
AINTENANCE Precautions the Battery Precautions the front cover. ALL of the WARNINGS below ANY the UPS and associated the to the battery, with the this section. WARNING of shock and high Can and death. when constantly that the UPS high DC as as AC With input off and the disconnected, high and should within seconds. occurred, should that high shutdown. with AC the and and the switch, associated with both AC and DC to the UPS both the and isolated from with earth ground and the UPS chassis within the connected to chassis ground. floating and the chassis shock when floating that the or electrically, with earth ground. of fire only fire extinguishers or others fighting fires. WARNING of shock and high Can and death. connecting to as authorized Corporation. the UPS free of such as cuttings, Services of the to follow or with the NOTE Service and only properly trained and and with as as with specifications.
Services UPS and the NXL UPS through Professional UPS Customer thorough inspection of the and then The inspected and charge to Customer conducted testing and testing services that UPS One service to the UPS Battery Installation/Startup purchased with UPS this service UPS This approach conflicts that installation. that inspection Customer IEEE Inspection The Battery inspection of the to IEEE The UPS Service Services (LGS) of Choose the of each the parts-and-labor, around-the-clock coverage their UPS, with or without scheduled Other from of options. recommends the UPS. The first ducted with the UPS and includes of UPS The the UPS off-line thorough inspection. These to the that Battery Service The to tracts the coverage the type of chased and the of from Services. Customer include the of the and corrective Warranties Services the warranty NXL UPS or the batteries. Routine You should become thoroughly with the should the procedures this while or correcting malfunction. If as to what Services 1-800-LIEBERT further instructions. NOTE Service and only properly trained and and with as as with specifications.
The UPS operation, records Troubleshooting historical background. clean the UPS free of and cool the of 72-77F (22-26C) to specifications and longevity. The UPS reliably performance specifications and to 104F (40C) and slightly higher or higher performance and longevity when the UPS operated the as the or 1-800-LIEBERT further tight and least thereaf- Table inspected inspect and downstream to that the correct. with typical surrounding that tions what typical readings and where should Record to and The should indications including phase readings, UPS of operation, and observation should the as directed the walk-through inspection of the UPS and to and of the inspection, indications and The inspected and serviced The inspections the cleaning or months. or cleaning and of Inspect installations then the inspection as NXL located the front These while the UPS operation.
The NXL UPS of years. to years or Long-life the UPS wherever and cost-effective. to the currently and the function and of the UPS and than years. The following UPS and specifically from warranty. To wear-out of of these affecting operations, these inspected and the expected of their The expected of each below and users and other that the of the UPS service Expected AC years hours) to years DC years hours) to years Low-profile years hours) to years to years four Battery, lithium memory years hours) to years Battery, selection) to years to end-of-life years to years (VRLA) exactly match the specifications. These readily from third-party with specifications, selection and sourcing, 1-800-LIEBERT. Services inspection of these of this service, as as recommending to customers to interruptions operations. Battery WARNING of shock and high Can and death. These servicing to properly trained and with regulations as as with specifications. DC the rated DC serious Serious or to the the without why Services years to years
Precautions Servicing of should or knowledgeable of and the unauthorized from batteries. the and type of WARNING of shock, reaction, chemicals and fire. Can and death. and or with and toxic rather than of or fire. The or the or Released to the and It toxic. WARNING of shock and high Can and death. The following when batteries: watches, and other with insulated Wear and or top of Disconnect charging to connecting or disconnecting whether the grounded. If grounded, of ground. with of grounded shock. The of such shock reduced such grounds and of fire they the protected which The following procedures should followed: DO NOT SMOKE when DO NOT or electricity from touching first touching grounded the that the the shelves. This of the and should the to repositioned or relocated. of the necessity. inspections of and and should Strictly follow the outlined the the (sealed-cell) Although of electrolyte required, inspections and of and tion should NOTICE of should cleaned with cloth or cloth lightly with cleaners the batteries. the
characteristics and the UPS with to This increases charging to type capacity. WARNING of shock, reaction, chemicals and fire. Can and death. charging with to the the information about charging. Battery CabinetsOptional Although the sealed and the Battery should inspection and should least annually to years of trouble-free service. Records With the Battery DC closed and the connected UPS and With the DC and the Both these should the and these with those shown below. The recorded should than the shown; while the recorded should within the shown. If found, Services. Table Battery and of and integrity. inspect or cracked insulation. Clean and/or as required. to Table Battery Terminals and integrity. Clean and necessary. that when battery, the than the shows Battery Battery C&D If battery, Services the To the and screws. Once disconnected, (with protective or the to shorts. The pulled Tighten each to the battery, the cleaned and and the connected to the battery. each with screws when Battery VDC UPS12-300MR in-lb UPS12-350MR in-lb UPS12-400MR UPS12-490MR UPS12-540MR HX205-FR in-lb HX300-FR in-lb HX330-FR HX400-FR HX500-FR
Rack-Mounted If the UPS other than factory-supplied Battery the as the the tight. Table the the the UPS. these the otherwise. Table specifications, otherwise with Amps with AWG or Detecting Trouble It that the the readings performance suspected. that from function and should investigated. Items to If the UPS operated the hours, the should charging should DC with the charge than of each phase should within of the input malfunction or malfunction. of the to early of to Table information about Tracing to section facilitated and the indications. NOTICE NOTE to the the the the battery. and Combinations to to If the UPS the should the Services with Washers
Reporting If within the UPS, with other Con- Services 1-800-LIEBERT to or to Corrective Actions each the the recommended corrective action Inspections UPS operations, from the reach the UPS This caused the of or downstream or downstream branch The instantaneous of the to these temporary The of short-term typically to the UPS This known as End-to-End Coordination professional this activity and with and related inspections of the instantaneous as as the input (rectifier) to that they rect. of reasons, although typically procedures others, known to improperly Correct of these to from UPS further information LIEBERT. NOTE The of the feeding the UPS input should high enough to short-duration The switch the UPS to the rated to three NOTE While typical the responsibility the the Liebert-manufactured UPS with the owner. Services 1-800-LIEBERT further
PECIFICATIONS Battery The the the information the installation, operation and of the battery. the with this The charge to the of the the charge each the charging to operation, to the information about with battery, the DC to 561VDC. 585VDC. Battery of 386VDC the UPS (389VDC the battery). The of from to the Conditions Table specifications Specification The UPS housed NEMA-1 The and to subjected to or Recommended F (C) without Notes and F (C) 0C F (C) F (C) to to Typical Battery 80F (27C). 109F (43C). Humidity to without to without to typical from Unit Notes Specifications This of agency rated atmosphere of to the UPS of and The UPS to continuously 104F (40C). However, with (25C recommended). the 24-hour higher or Services 1-800-LIEBERT. to through the UPS. higher or Services 1-800-LIEBERT. SPECIFICATIONS
Table specifications NXL Battery DC DC Const (RMS (Linear Load), Including Non Linear EN to Rectifier, VAC 480V 3-phase, to VAC 480V 3-phase, or VAC to to with and Factor to Battery VDC 480V Battery VDC 540V End-Cell VDC VRLA FLA) Battery Charging (with Regulation, (3-phase RMS Load) (3-phase RMS Regulation, Capacity to Load, or Recovery (Linear Loads), msec within to Capacity to Leading PF to with the following ratings: to to rating (with to FCC Class-A Conditions, FL VRLA Lead or FLA Battery (Flooded Lead IGBT-based PWM 480VAC, to to rating Lead to rating to or rating Lead and 10C to or and Lead 10C SPECIFICATIONS
Table NXL Physical UPS Efficiency AC-AC UPS Efficiency AC-AC Load, serviceability) More than of Protection UPS IP (with and without front Conformities Height Charcoal (ZP-0420) UL CSA FCC Class IEC62040-2, EN61000-4-3, EN61000-4-6, EN61000-2-2, EN61000-4-4, ANSI C62.41, A3 &B3 ISTA Procedure 1H WEEE SPECIFICATIONS
SPECIFICATIONS
PPENDIX UPS LARM AND TATUS ESSAGES Table shows and as they appear touchscreen and the history with and recommended If the recommended action to the factory-authorized service The Service Telephone found CONFIG, the NXL and Definition Recommended Action CB to With the of (EOD) This that of the the completed. to that the within If, the the input of the This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The that caused to to clear within specified of recoverable which the to recover from automatically) that the Battery This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to (The NXL Press SILENCE to the the active to the of the UPS. If the of the then following the to to the back If the or there other that clear, factory- authorized service Press SILENCE to the Press RESET to to clear active This clear the Failed If other clear, to UPS. If the RESET to clear this from the Active If the UPS to and the active the reason, factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the of Battery If the If Battery closed, factory-authorized service UPS and
Table NXL and Definition Recommended Action Ground The UPS battery. The reason to of input This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The Battery based the This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to ground the that this battery. This higher than Warning, and that the Battery This Battery to the Battery Ground Press SILENCE to the the If the input or the If the input the the Active that why the UPS battery. of this the UPS the The shows the of the battery. the Battery touches the of the UPS the the If the feeding the Static Switch (BPSS) the to to the to the that to the to the If the because of such as the Active rather than to and factory- authorized service operation, required. charge terminated Battery Battery Stop. Press SILENCE to the Battery tripped? inspection of the the tripped string(s). of or excessively If there of RESET to and clear the RESET each to which causing the The reporting the when allow the to Once the location identified, or the factory- authorized service UPS and
NXL and Recommended Action Warning One or of the Battery reporting the There Battery Battery Warning and Battery The or the the the associated with the One or of the Battery reporting the warning There Battery Battery Warning and Battery This the or the warning This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The UPS The terminates the of the Battery and Battery This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The Battery If reports the operating of the This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to Press SILENCE to the the To which reporting the the Battery the to through each or The located the reading the Battery If the Common Battery and/or the or reporting the tripped, the following Press Battery Battery to the Battery If of the Battery the of the the factory-authorized service If the reported correctly, such as conditioning, or flow and factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the To which reporting the the Battery the to through each or The located the reading the Battery Press Battery Battery to the Battery If of the Battery the of the the factory-authorized service If the reported correctly, such as conditioning or flow and factory-authorized service operation, required. The terminated the user Battery Stop. Press SILENCE to the to which the reading the Battery the through the Battery the factory-authorized service UPS and
NXL and Definition Recommended Action Passed The Battery passed. BFB BPSS Exceeded the Static BPSS Switch. With than Battery the too the or Battery Failed. The Duration The the of the there least to the If, the the below the The to the inhibited, the the If the UPS the that of to the least closed, operation, The Backfeed The Backfeed the Static Switch (BPSS). The physical location of the It located the UPS, or located to the UPS. The of the Backfeed to through the This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The Static Switch (BPSS) turned off to While the BPSS than the and of there the and of that the BPSS This the and than the BPSS and therefore off to to the Press SILENCE to the To to which reporting or overheating battery, the reading the Battery the through connected the Battery If appears this to or warmer than the others, through investigation whether the actually warmer than the others, or the appears to reporting incorrectly. factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the factory-authorized service the Active and other to further If there other active the Active RESET to clear the the to the UPS the and the Press the Battery the and least and closed. If the factory-authorized service This informational. If the intentionally, or the actually closed and this active, factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the If CB3 the to to the DO NOT ATTEMPT TO CLOSE CB3 UNTIL THE SOURCE OF THE OVERLOAD IS IDENTIFIED AND ISOLATED. Once the isolated, the UPS and follow the If the clear, or the cleared the UPS factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the Press RESET to to clear the factory-authorized service UPS and
NXL and Definition Recommended Action This summary that informs the that that to or manually closed to closed The the expected of and the reported of the This summary that informs the that to or manually to The the expected of and the of the The than while the UPS bypass. The the the clear within the and to the of the the the of the the the to the This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The than while the UPS bypass. The the the clear within the and to the of the the the of the the the to the This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to Press SILENCE to the the and the Active to which or switch If the or closed, or closed the or the cleared, factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the and the Active to which or switch that should closed. If that should shows closed, or the actually the to clear the RESET. If the factory- authorized service Press SILENCE to the the phase the If the phase steady the following: If follow Procedures to the to Bypass. If the (CB3 the CB3. that the severity of the the that CB3 the the the If the the and factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the phase the If the phase steady the following: If follow Procedures to the to Bypass. If the (CB3 the CB3. that the severity of the the that CB3 the the the If the the previous and factory-authorized service UPS and
Table NXL and Definition Recommended Action C The to (CB3) to The to (CB3) to The Not OF/UF The than while the UPS bypass. The the the clear within the and to the of the the the of the the the to the This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to This summary with the If to This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The the of of If this active, to This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to This summary that DSP The that of the Press SILENCE to the the C phase the If the C phase steady the following: If follow Procedures to the to If the (CB3 the CB3. that the severity of the the that CB3 the the Investigate the If the the previous and factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the The feeding the switch when within operating If the feeding the switch or of the readings the the to this clears automatically. If indications and the factory-authorized service If there indicated with the and the of that this or, tripped. Press SILENCE to the the the If the the synchronization and the This commonly the of or the feed. If appears factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the Press RESET to to the factory-authorized service UPS and
Table NXL and Definition Recommended Action Comm DC DC EMO Shutdown The of the and Interface (HMI). The Communication displayed when the HMI of with the Network (CAN). that immediately serious. This or UPS operation. The change(s) UPS This should only authorized service This cleared UPS The DC ground The UPS the DC caused to ground. This ground detected. operation, with the connected, the of to ground battery. If includes optional Battery the Battery Ground also. The DC ground The UPS the DC caused flow to ground. This ground detected. operation, with the connected, the of to ground battery. If includes optional Battery the Battery also. Emergency (EMO) detected. The EMO the front EMO pressed. Remote EMO would the REMO Shutdown to EMO, the UPS to and off. If the clear, or the factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the Press SILENCE to the Press RESET to clear the inspection of the of or excessively If there of batteries, Battery Press RESET and the clears. If the clears, isolated the to that If the clear, the with each connected Once the location identified, or the factory- authorized service Press SILENCE to the Press RESET to clear the inspection of the of or If there of Battery Press RESET and the clears. If the clears, isolated the to that If the clear, the with each connected Once the location identified, or the factory- authorized service Press SILENCE to the the that the EMO. the UPS EPO To clear the latch, the EMO the Interface (EIB). the EMO cleared RESET and that the EPO the Active the UPS and follow the UPS and
Table NXL and Definition Recommended Action The UPS to active EPO Shutdown Emergency (EPO) command. This summary the UPS nearing which reporting the high the UPS of three things once the reached: to bypass, or to operation. This serious Press SILENCE to the the that the EPO. the UPS EPO There to clear the latch: Press the EPO the Interface (EIB). From HMI front OK when Press OK to EPO Latched the EPO cleared the EPO the Active the UPS and follow the Investigate such as of conditioning, If the high to of conditioning and immediately, the following: Press Bypass to the UPS to bypass. Press SILENCE to the least then to the RESET. If the clears and cooling to the UPS, UPS to back to UPS. If this and factors affecting cooling of the UPS, factory-authorized service UPS and
Table NXL and (continued) Definition Recommended Action This summary when or internal the This the of The first, Warning, when the the The to this which reporting the Press SILENCE to the the UPS If the (MBB) to to the to the UPS without first factory-authorized service If the CB3 option the the and CB3 to to the factory-authorized service UPS On the If factory-authorized service immediately and to the If the (MBB) to the Bypass. to to UPS without first factory- authorized service If the CB3 option the CB3. to to UPS without first factory-authorized service UPS On Battery the If factory-authorized service immediately and to the If the "Bypass", to the to bypass. If there CB3 the CB3. If CB3 and the MBB to the If both CB3 and first CB3, then the MBB. If CB3 or the UPS "Shutdown", "UPS" and factory- authorized service UPS and
Table NXL and (continued) Definition Recommended Action The UPS too and bypass. The UPS to back to the reason the to the to recoverable; temporary The of the UPS to recover from to the of the allowable the UPS bypass, and this of that this to the UPS where the the The UPS the to then the Once this within hour, the manually the UPS back the high the the switch turned momentarily with the to to clear the If the clears, the turn off the switch and the This the UPS too and to inhibited). This summary that There that this The caused or reporting The UPS or to as of the The flowing the UPS too This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to Press SILENCE to the Press RESET to clear active or there or that UPS, to back to If the RESET to clear the factory- authorized service Press SILENCE to the the and the the than and the Timeout the the other active or to clear this Press RESET to clear the If the clear, UPS to the back to If the UPS or the UPS the back to or the UPS immediately back to bypass, factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the and other to the of the and action. factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the the and the reading the warmer than If the warmer than and the If the and the reading the higher than factory-authorized service UPS and
NXL and Definition Action Phase Rotation XY Interface Communication Interface The input phase should clockwise, or A-B-C. This the input phase counter-clockwise. If this typically (input and the input connected incorrectly. This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The text this to this the of the (lowercase the XY the Reduced the as Pre-assigned. If this active, wired of #X. If the shows the to the If the shows the active and the displayed If the shows the active If the shows the force the Reduced operation (this the amount of to charge the typically operation). This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to Interface to fashon. Interface to fashon. The detected input balanced. This latching the input The the to this The manually closed once to this Press SILENCE to the phase the input. If the phase rotation correct, factory- authorized service the wires #X. If the active, or wires factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the Press RESET to to clear the If the clears, to manually the If the closed, the and the input balanced. If the and the the the and factory- authorized service UPS and
Table NXL and Definition Recommended Action The that (Q1) the The externally mounted input (Q11) that the Not Comm Inv active the input (RMS) the This operating such as input and whether the recently This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The The counter the The as the or of of would to the light to the input factor. of would the input, possibly of the This summary there with input It to the Rectifier. If the normally when this the UPS to battery. This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to This summary caused interruption the and the Network (CAN). The of the and The Communication when the of to the Network (CAN). that immediately serious. active phase. phase countdown the to this and the to The of directly to the severity of the This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to Press SILENCE to the the the input and output Investigate readings. If the reason the factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the to manually the If the which caused the to If the manually closed or the cleared, factory- authorized service Press SILENCE to the the The input feeding the should If to the UPS. If input and this active, factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the Press RESET to clear the If the or the factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the and the phase If reduce phase If the steady allow the UPS to to and factory-authorized service If the than and the active, factory- authorized service UPS and
NXL and (continued) Definition Action Inv Inv C Inv ISS SCR Shorted active phase. phase countdown the to this and the to The of directly to the severity of the This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to active C phase. C phase countdown displayed the to this and the to The of to the severity of the This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to This to or phases. the countdown that displays the to The of the to the of the the reaches the UPS to and the Active with this This the this and activity directly to this to This summary serious the The to the that caused the If the to bypass. or The the of the Static Switch. This that SCR shorted. With the turned off, there should the UPS. This non-recoverable and of the UPS. Press SILENCE to the the and the phase If reduce phase If the steady allow the UPS to to and factory-authorized service If the displayed than and the active, factory- authorized service Press SILENCE to the the and the C phase If reduce C phase If the steady allow the UPS to to and factory-authorized service If the displayed than and the active, factory- authorized service Press SILENCE to the the each phase the If the than to back to UPS. If the the reason the and action. If the factory- authorized service Press SILENCE to the the to the of the UPS. If both the and off, RESET to to clear latched or and follow the to the UPS back service. If the factory-authorized service If the and appear to RESET to to clear latched or then UPS. If the factory-authorized service If the factory- authorized service Press SILENCE to the Turn off to clear the re-applying If the to clear, factory- authorized service UPS and
Table NXL and Definition Recommended Action LBS Inhibited LBS Leading Factor The bypass. The Bypass. Capacity Shutdown Battery Warning With LBS operation to allow LBS operation or the LBS the of LBS to function correctly. This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to Synchronization (LBS) and active. This informs the that LBS its synchronization (usually its own Bypass) and to the other the LBS This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to With of or the the Factor to than leading. Leading Factors wasted If the Factor than the UPS to This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to One or This the includes than and least closed, or This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The Battery reached of (EOD). There enough the to the with the If the UPS to the to EOD. The nearly and the The Battery Warning This the than the Battery Warning This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to Press SILENCE to the both and operation: Both Neither Bypass; or Synchronization If the of the both factory- authorized service If this active, and there clear reason why the LBS should active, factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the readings and the Factor. If the displayed factor than and the than reduce the or factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the To clear this closed. Press SILENCE to the Once restored, of the UPS. If the factory-authorized service to the indicated feeding the Static Switch (BPSS) If to to bypass. If the the UPS to the If to loads, or to that UPS and
Table NXL and Definition Recommended Action Factor (MBB) The output factor The factor than leading or simplified of factor the ratio of to the the of the UPS as factor This the UPS the following: 480V factor of .9PF the factor (typical factor) with factor: .7PF The the the to supply roughly higher. The wasted that of overheating of and other The UPS the factor. This to the The UPS to to of with the Transfers, Shutdown, and The to reestablish the to automatically. The that the This summary the to to with bypass). This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to Press SILENCE to the the the UPS. information, factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the factory-authorized service If reestablished, the restored; however, to the to service and action to why the occurred. Action the UPS and then reapplying Therefore, it to bypass, closing the optional CB3 or closing the optional (MBB). the or this without first with authorized service from The clears from the Active when reason this If the or the or synchronization with the To the synchronization of the to bypass, and the synchroscope. indicated phase rather than indication. If the and the otherwise appears factory-authorized service UPS and
NXL and Definition Recommended Action C MBD This summary the to to with bypass). This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The threshold exceeded. This only type the UPS action other than sounding based this The allows the to the of the UPS. the Phase the this to and received the The with to to loads. The self-clearing. Once the to than of the the clears. The threshold exceeded. This only type meaning the UPS action other than sounding based this The allows the to the of the UPS. the Phase the this to and the The with to to loads. The self-clearing. Once the to than of the the clears. The user threshold exceeded. This only type meaning the UPS action other than sounding based this The allows the to the of the UPS. the Phase C the this to and the The with to to loads. The self-clearing. Once the to than of the the clears. The This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The clears from the Active when reason this If the or the synchronization with the To the synchronization of the to bypass, and the synchroscope. indicated phase rather than indication. If the and the otherwise appears factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the displayed phase. To the the the to the displayed If the and the the the to clear the or reduce the below the factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the displayed phase. To the the the to the displayed If the displayed and the the the to clear the or reduce the below the factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the displayed C phase. To the the the to the displayed If the displayed and the the the to clear the or reduce the below the factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the of Battery (MBD). If the If the Battery Disconnect closed, factory-authorized service UPS and
Table NXL and Definition Recommended Action This summary active when than On Active The UPS input to inform the UPS when the rather than and the active. This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The the and the too This heat internally higher than If the within the UPS reacts to this to and off the This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to This summary when the or If the UPS the of the the UPS to the If the UPS the of the the UPS rather than allowing to reach the Press SILENCE to the Press RESET to clear the If the clear, factory- authorized service action required. If the UPS actually and this active, factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the the and the reading the warmer than If the warmer than and the If the and the reading the higher than factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the Active and other to further Press RESET to to latched the to the UPS, or the input and input only) and the and If the off and the input to the UPS and follow the If the input or and the If the and UPS, to to back to If the factory-authorized service UPS and
NXL and Definition Recommended Action Press SILENCE to the This factory-authorized service Active This summary serious the The to this turning off the Rectifier, the input and the UPS operation. This the this and activity directly to this to service that normally the service technician. or the service This informs the the UPS This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to initiated and terminated of Once active, other than the manually this to appear. service that normally the service technician. or the service This informs the the UPS This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to the and the Active UPS On Battery? the of the the If This the the UPS to the If the UPS battery, and the the factory- authorized service immediately and to as the UPS off once the Press SILENCE to the Press RESET to to clear the If the clears, Rectifier to to the Rectifier. If this of the Rectifier, indicated the around the and DC the DC If the normally, to the input If the UPS battery, to bypass, factory-authorized service If the cleared pressing "RESET", the as as attempted, factory-authorized service If this active, and there clear reason why the UPS factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the Press RESET to to clear the If manually initiated service, or this factory-authorized service UPS and
Table NXL and (continued) Definition Recommended Action Terminated Remote BPSS Remote Inv The UPS to active REPO Shutdown Remote Emergency (REPO) command. This clears when the Inhibited service that normally the service technician. or the service This informs the user that active. This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The Static Switch (BPSS) turned off This forcing the BPSS to off active. This type of wired and the assigned as BPSS. This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The turned off This forcing the to off active. This type of wired and the assigned as Remote This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to The turned off This forcing the to off active. This type of wired and the assigned as Remote Rectifier. This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to of the UPS allowed of active when from The wired Interface (ICI If this active, and there clear reason why the UPS or the to terminate issued, factory-authorized service the of the Remote BPSS If this active, or wires factory-authorized service the of the Remote If this active, or wires factory-authorized service the of the Remote If this active, or wires factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the that the REPO. the UPS REPO There to clear the latch: Press the the Interface (EIB). From HMI front OK when Press OK to EPO Latched displayed the REPO cleared the REPO the Active the UPS and follow the To the follow the the and the forcing the UPS to off. If ICI, or there off input to the UPS, factory- authorized service UPS and
NXL and Definition Recommended Action Service Active reporting The from to This informational and informs the that Service currently This self-clearing. the the and activity to the to (such as caused attempted to and the The the Static Switch (BPSS) to the and the off. If this active, and Service loaded, factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the Press RESET to clear the If the or the factory-authorized service Press SILENCE to the the Reports, to investigate why the UPS to to and why the BPSS If CB3 (as displayed the CB3 to to the Press RESET to to clear latched or If appear to the UPS and follow the factory-authorized service UPS and
NOTES UPS and
UPS and
Ensuring The High Mission-Critical Applications. Emerson Network the business-critical continuity, and through family of technologiesincluding and cooling technologiesthat and business-critical architecture that to criticality, and capacity. from IT flexibility and reduced and operating While every to the and of this Corporation and from of this information or or Corporation rights throughout the Specifications to without of Corporation. to or of their respective owners. SL-25425_REV0_02-08 Emerson Network The Business-Critical Continuity AC Connectivity DC Business-Critical Continuity Emerson Network and the Emerson Network and service of Emerson Emerson Computing Switching Integrated Services Precision Cooling Technical Service www.liebert.com the US: UPS the US: Three-Phase UPS the United States Locations United States Dearborn P.O. Columbus, OH (PD) 7/F, Road, EmersonNetworkPower.com Protection