ACTS ClosedTransition Switches through TABLE OF CONTENTS INSTALLATION Mounting and and Starting Functional TESTING SERVICE Preventive Disconnecting the Trouble-Shooting INDEX back cover to the and with ACTS and and the ACTS. ASCO POWER TECHNOLOGIES CANADA PO Airport Road, N3T 5T3 telephone service (ASCO) C Road, New USA or service (ASCO) DANGER this to of high of causing shock, burns, or death. WARNING this to of CAUTION this to of to ATS and
Each ClosedTransition Switch rating to the and withstand/ closing ratings. to the the Switch the the rating the rating or serious Phase switched 5X ground Switch ground typical with location of H7ACTS C three field TB Nameplate The Switch includes each ACTS. the switch within the shown this typical shown the with its explained. Typical ACTS switched V, ATS C C type type 3R type type type lights
Switch typical with location of ground TB lights
ASCO ClosedTransition Trans- Switches factory wired and tested. mounting and of service and required). the the front and the four screws front, rear) to the Foundation The foundation the and straight. to the included with the switch mounting including If used, the foundation that the located correctly. to the specified and location. and clearance to poured, interlocking or or template to to the outline with this switch and mount the switch to and instructions shown to the with the switch. with the National and It to covers from the switch. If them, them the conductors or that Normal and Emergency phase rotation. the OFF operation. SECTION INSTALLATION Mounting Testing Conductors the conductors to the switch they tested. troughs and ceiling-suspended often force. The of insulation and stretch or the tors this reason, the and they connected, they should thatthey installation. Protect the switch from and chips to malfunction or shortened of the ATS. Connecting Conductors the tested, them to the the switch as shown the with the switch. the with the screw type and the the with the switch. when insulation from the or the from cleaning with used, apply to conductors. to the specified rating grounding connected to the mounting the mounted the the and the This grounding which the hinges. The switch connected to the of the Ground
Starting including the located TB which mounted the top right of the to the with the switch and the wires to the and Table A. Table A. TB1 and TB2 TB1 and TB3 To temporarily from the switch J3 from the P3 the of the assembly. to J3 to the P3 switch operation. wires to terminals switch TB as shown the with this switch. The Functional consists of three Operation Checks, Operation, these the to the ACTS. Read instructions the and to the switch. thecontrol that and their operation proceeding. INSTALLATION Block TB Customer the top right of the Functional the of the as shown below. Emergency C closed Normal Shown with Emergency and Normal closed. to TB (right
the of the Switch only. operation of the switch should (operated electrically). manually the switch both disconnected: both both the and the from the the of the switch the the the the of the through and Table B. the or as shown to manually the switch. The switch should smoothly without If or both and the switch to the Normal that the (right the (Emergency and the C (Normal closed). the and the the Table B. ATS Normal Normal Emergency Emergency If Normal and Emergency this to the INSTALLATION C closed of switch Emergency Normal location. Hubs shown with Normal closed Emergency DOWN the Emergency Emergency operation. C DOWN the Normal Normal operation. UP the Emergency UPPER SHAFT UP the Normal LOWER SHAFT
these lights and switch; rated the as and the switch to that both and the that the connected to the when to shock, burns, or death through the right. the lights. Black light White light off. If necessary, the to the The Switch to the rated specified the Switch to Section of to the of the ATS and the and of each to INSTALLATION Switch Connected To Normal Switch Connected To Emergency GREEN RED Normal Source Emergency Source GREEN RED Transition Switch HOLD FOR SECONDS the The Switch Connected To Normal and the Normal Source lights should to phase to phase and phase to the switch the necessary.) The Switch Connected To Normal Emergency Source lights should to phase to phase and phase to the switch phase to phase of the as the the tor, The Source light should off. Then the switch the the To RED RED RED C TS Transition
these lights and This the of the ClosedTransition Switch. the first. Both and and the used) of this through the right. the lights. Black light White light off. If closedtransition pressthe Closed Transition while the shows Waiting InSync This action (momentary to the to the This the Functional of the ACTS. INSTALLATION Switch Connected To Normal Switch Connected To Emergency GREEN RED Normal Source Emergency Source GREEN RED Closed Transition Switch HOLD FOR SECONDS this switch The Switch Connected To Normal and Normal Source lights should Turn and switch clockwise to Tes the and (within Emergency Source light should switch CE and then Switch CN (closedtransition The Switch Connected To Emergency light should and the Switch Connected to Normal light off might and hear the switch back to Normal 3A counterclockwise to The Switch Connected To Normal light should Switch Connected to Emergency light should off. The the 2E cool- The Emergency Source light should off. To RED RED RED TS Closed Transition
the ACTS least once month following the PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE Reasonable high and the ACTS. the United States, ASCO Services, Inc. (ASI) ASCO service ASI (ASCO) information service (ASCO). Yearly Inspection of causing shock, burns, or death this switch. both Normal Emergency inspections! Clean the ACTS and with cloth. the switch the switch and the they become or excessively. the switch If the switch subjected to or operating factory and the the TS replaced. them REPLACEMENT PARTS or- the of (BOM), and from the switch ASCO Office or ASI: United States ASCO or ASCO SECTION TESTING SERVICE TRANSFER TEST DISCONNECTING THE CONTROLLER The furnished and should to If the isolated, follow these Disconnecting the the or completed. the of the switch. If the switch the Normal first the off Second, then the Third, the If the switch the Emergency first the ond, the the or Third, openthe the the the wires. Reconnecting the the or completed. the of the switch. If the switch the Normal first that both and Second, that the the off If the switch the Emergency first that both and The and the with the and straight both click. the the as follows: If the switch the Normal first the Second, closetheemergencysource Third, the the If the switch the Emergency first the the
MANUAL LOAD TRANSFER This manually the the disconnected. manually the switch both conductors both the and conductors or optional that furnished the ACTS and their operation. to separatedrawingsand/orinstructions thatmay with the ACTS. CHECK IN NUMERICAL SEQUENCE PROBLEM PROBLEM OPERATION GEN-SET VOLTAGE when the switch and or when switch the to the the switch the to when or when the switch released. to to light light TS light If the isolated to the or the switch, ASCO office or ASI. the United States, the and from the switch TESTING SERVICE Trouble-Shooting Checks. switch seconds or the enough to allow 1C cranking and 2B to 3A to 2E to Conditions of Normal or Emergency Sources closed and of both Press CN and CE closed than the the nected then ASCO Service occured; switch from operation. the then ASI These factory to the to manually the switch to the First the closed then the other both closed. Thenremovethemaintenancehandle. that the proceeding! If the switch the Emergency manually the and then or the TROUBLE-SHOOTING of causing shock, burns, or death this switch. the or terminals of the switch! Starting the and connected. to closed. least of Starting the should least of phase to phase terminals EA and EC (or EL1 and EL2 switches)* should least of phase to phase terminals NB and NC, NC and NA, and NA and NB (or NL1 and NL2 switches).
C cleaning, bypass, disconnecting, operation, light, to functional ground, Printed U.S.A. Copyright ASCO inspection, cover lights, warning, operation, of, warning, cover light, operation of, optional phase rating cover INDEX switch Switch Connected To Emergency light, Switch Connected To Normal light, to to troubleshooting, TS and