BDS-40 Comprehensive UPS Battery BDS-40 Battery UPS Battery and UPS sealed batteries, the BDS-40 to mounted top of the and with each to the battery. and easy. Each BDS-40 the to The BDS-40 Unit the where UPS- and Each the then BDS- Unit which the to the Unit and Unit to Units of There choice of Ethernet and/or as To BDS hard-to-interpret and The Battery Software included with With the software thresholds, red, and to as as detected. The built-in that the and the of action. Early Warning Battery the BDS- DC that the of outdated AC based testing. tracking internal the and to algorithm, which and internal readings, predicting life. The BDS-40 continuously such as and of the internal the operating of the battery. sounds of-tolerance If thresholds, the user Business-Critical Continuity Emerson Network Emerson Network offers the UPS with products the Emerson Network to life, reduce and increase Other The BDS-40 seconds, including and the to performance and shooting. The displays and of Industry MODBUS interfaces to third building RS-232/USB and Optional TCP/IP interface or MODBUS or SNMP. Each with the to battery. Windows-based software included and
Sealed to and these life. the with information, allowing life. of or to to and with their internal It to early to catastrophic when with sealed batteries. This the when selecting Other internal readings become as the UPS of AC the battery. The DC influenced and that repeatable and reflects the of the battery. BDS-40 Unit Specifications than VAC of Unit and Units with of and supported. Remote User-supplied to 32V than Momentarily applying initiates the action. VAC to Units. C: 2A 30VDC. (One ASCII to PC, and SNMP LAN RJ-45. USB RS-232 DB-9 PCV RS-232 DB-9 RJ-11 (optional). SRAM MB) memory and to worth of memory firmware 5C to 40C (41F to 104F) only. 19W 16.2D 7.8H 19W 16.2D 6.1H Parameters/Features of to of Range/Accuracy 16V, of reading of reading 400V, of reading .1V 600V, of reading .5V 600V, of reading 6A -1000V, of reading 10A required. Transducer affects reading of reading (Optional) Corporation Dearborn P.O. Columbus, (U.S. Only) U.S.) FAX (PD) FAX Emerson Network 7/F., FAX U.S.) While every to and this Corporation responsibility, and from of this information or or Corporation. rights throughout the Specifications to without to or of their respective owners. of the Corporation. SL-29202 (R05/08) Printed USA Emerson Network The Business-Critical Continuity AC Connectivity DC Computing Switching Precision Cooling Integrated Services Protection Emerson Network Power.com Business-Critical Continuity Emerson Network and the Emerson Network and service of Emerson Emerson