IT Protection That With AC Business-Critical Continuity
Comprehensive SolutionWere The One Who It The Products You It With and offer the advanced features and to and IT and simplify installation, and increase and of the and cooling to rack-based this approach with the House and such as the MCR and XDF, that UPS offers three (UPS) UPS straight through to the protected with when to back-up. Interactive UPS conditioning with when to back-up. Conversion) UPS high-quality AC to with when to battery. Protects from to blackouts, brownouts, or interference. offers UPS the industrys of including rack-mount and facility Distribution offers of to efficiently to These products include high-reliability with specially and applications, as as switches offering AC to to Quality Protection protection from without the of conditioning It includes of (TVSS) from high-quality with workstations and other to facility-wide with sophisticated active Other products include featuring high-efficiency synthesizer and isolation to reduce and other DC Applications From switching to shelters, Emerson DC offer performance and features to match every telecommunications The includes of from than to rated The offering includes and products such as and supervisory software to and telecommunications family of software and of and from shutdown software to facility-wide that of and
There To Every CONTENTS Racks, Integrated Distribution MCR MP Advanced UPS One-On-One Applications PSS protection PSA line-interactive UPS Rack-Mount UPS Distributed Network Applications PSI and PSI-XR line-interactive UPS GXT2, 500-3000VA UPS GXT2, and UPS UPS Applications Nfinity UPS NX, UPS NX with Softscale, UPS UPS UPS NXL UPS FS DC Distribution Protection Applications FDC RDC FPC Precision and STS2 switch STS2/PDU Protection Conditioning protection protection protection LM protective SS protection protection Specialty Protection DC Telecommunications Applications Accessories Mission-Critical Application Network Closets Production Peripherals Emergency CATV Testing
Trouble Coming The You Every operation business the around-the- clock of computers, and other If they neither Unfortunately, every of this to the whims of the electricity that The first of this to the threats to reliabilityand exactly what about them. You The Productivity There Really right through the There I people to each workstation UPS from the Thats enough, isnt Protection Should UPS each workstation or everything Which facility? Can UPS The It Protecting of of that each exactly the it Every The Trouble through phone and this to Source Not Enough feed would certainly who to about right?
There You Protection From the There other that These the that the and other Out-Of-The-Box Can You off-line UPS the PC, when business and productivity the Protecting and computing the of who the from Distributed UPS Protection the breadth of products that allows to or distributed protection Whatever choose, count to the such as increased security, and reliability, choice operations. On Distribution there of with of AC and DC of other specifications. This that to the highest of and the of and the protected Conditioning Protection Throughout The Facility and to often too or software or shutdowns, The IEEE recommended to (TVSS) protection that facility including and other Sources If the highest of the knowledge and products to throughout UPS, switching, and other brought together to the reliability.
Where You Mission-Critical Protection Biotechnology Industry Government of the that of business operations. High and the heart of with and high-density that increased protection. To network and to operations. Network Closets Housing routers, switches, cabling and other Network Operations and and to information Health Distribution or of found within business operations, which While these the of their they protectionall of which Production backed from machinery and to business and and Testing and tests, and operating and Telecom/CATV from and hosting DSL and optics to and Emergency Emergency operations and fire operations and and office computers, and other that to business operations. Point-of-Sale and they and and inventory to
Wireline/Wireless of both AC and DC telephone switching and other Emergency High-reliability UPS and DC to operations telecommunications and other Network Closets These housing or other UPS to to each and every the offers the of UPS, and other protection to the of the and Network Operations With computing located right the office there UPS protection that offers of that business and office to offers the of UPS, and other protection that to Production UPS, protection and to the of and other that and Mechanical protection and greatly the of switchgear and to functions throughout facility.
The Architecture: The The Tomorrow. The Architecture the of modularity and to that Advancing technology, and users the that to and coststoday and the Architecture IT and that to and higher of protection, of ownership and IT The Architecture the of and offers the industrys of cooling and which as the building of architecture. One More Real-World The Architecture the of than years the and of and cooling include knowledgeable leadership, as as of research, and service the These backed the unmatched of Distributor or the this business that such strong and international Specifying and high who knowledgeable phases of protection. This coupled with broad the to that protection and efficiently. to the or items to and stretch them to with the the every
together of the protection to that as to as the industrys of and apply them that flexibility and This philosophy further demonstrated research and that the of and with existing The Architecture Three Flexibility The building that Architecture to the of technologies or higher of protection, the to to from or business Higher and that points-of-failure the highest of IT Lowest of Ownership The higher the Architecture TCO. Factor operating and and the overwhelmingly
The Right To Protect Network Emerson Network with to cooling, and and broad platform of with cooling and from and existing installations and flexibility. and from and integrating them with the Ideally Network Telecommunication and the of with high and options to The flow and mounting Allows Mounting Anywhere Shelf Mounts On Seconds Shaped With Additional Functionality Including and to Access To Without Removing The Lightweight The To On Another Mounting Option Pre-Drilled XDV XDV With Highest The Industry
tailored to The platform the of racks, which the of IT, and as the of The of the and to tailored to easily thanks to the broad of Patented allows easy mounting of and offers high and without of componentsanywhere the physical protection unauthorized access. routing and includes of accessory to cabling effectively. offers including active and need-oriented supply and and thermal The of products from to closed EMC-shielded to heavy-duty with of to to the The lightweight easy-to-assemble and offer RACK ENCLOSURE SYSTEMS
MCR IP Telephony of security to BCM Cooling Sealed specially NEMA12 protection. GXT2 UPS ECM UPS Rear Mount and Profile EX This option to cabling and Where amount of the Foundation protection. Distribution of to within the Protecting The Edge The Network brought together of to the IP Telephony to switches, routers and other this locations such as branch offices, and other of the Housed Foundation mount or freestanding The IP the with CallManager Unity release Unity and Unity Bridge Protection The UpStation GXT 2U, UPS, the high to switching from from to VA. Continuous routers and other without scheduled UPS To this the 2U Distribution (POD) as as Remote The Webcard, housed within the UPS, SNMP and to including the to the switch the UPS off and
Strips MP Advanced Strips MP advanced to and within and racks. with and/or the MP Advanced Strips offered that choice of and of as as and to the of rack-mounted MP Advanced Strips of including and of RMS and IT and DI-STRIP Strips DI-STRIP Strips broad of IT and other to the of that housed within and racks, the with of including protectionand The DI-STRIP offers of NEMA5-15R RACK ENCLOSURE SYSTEMS
Protection Network Applications where or of or protection with back-up. One-On-One Protection The family of products includes protection and line-interactive UPS to choice and protection. Products One-On-One Protection Office Network Workstations Network Routers, Bridges Hubs Point-of-Sale Terminals Other PSS Protection Protection Professional Network PSS Protection Strips protecting from the effects of and other PRF Professional protection the NET 1080T Network includes phone protection. PSS Features: protected Spacing mounted without covering other outlets and protection Includes EMI/RFI to connected input sounds protecting the connected Two-year warranty 1080T Includes and protection
PSA Line-Interactive UPS High-Performance Protection Office PSA interactive UPS that offers featured protection office and It the following and VA VAC or VAC. with easy operation, the PSA to of back- than enough to and connected USB shutdown software and USB included, to allow and shutdown of the connected PSA offers and performance normally found products this Other Included On PSA Three to battery-backed UPS outlets, One to surge-only outlets, to of testing and protection early of UPS shutdown RJ-45 protection Two-year warranty VA back VA back The operation of the PSA using Automated Shutdown Software Third Party information, and DESKTOP UPS
Rack-Mounted IT Networks Rack-mounted the heart of computing These protection that with their Protection That Anywhere From line-interactive to mount UPS and flexibility. and features Rack-Mount UPS Network Workstations and Network Routers, Bridges and Hubs Network Peripherals Network Closets Point-of-Sale Other PSI PSI-XR Line-Interactive UPS high-level performance and and protection. the IT PSI UPS and the PSI-XR 2U line-interactive UPS They offer input allowing the to precisely match their input choice of options includes and USB. and VA and 230VAC Other PSI and PSI-XR: to battery-backed outlets Factor input protection telephone/fax/ early of UPS User-replaceable swappable Greater than of when testing Lightning and protection USB and option off Two-year warranty
PSI-XR Line-Interactive UPS With Battery Option PSI-XR line-interactive UPS IT such as and It protection workstations, routers, and other to the Optional Battery on-battery operating to Optional 2U POD and UPS UPS With Battery RS232 (DB-9) DIP Switch EPO USB RJ-45 Connectors The of PSI Automated Shutdown Software Third-Party information, and Battery Connector Cord RACK-MOUNT UPS
GXT2 500-3000VA UPS GXT2 leads the industry combining high and features. to rack-mounted or the UPS and VA ratings, both and UPS, GXT2 includes such as factor correction, internal connectability and this housed 2U that while to of included. The UPS with included with each allows the to of operating This allows to GXT2 performance to of protection and The operation of the GXT2 Automated Shutdown Software and Remote Third-Party information, and Other GXT2 2U Microprocessor-based and factor correction PWM sealed, user and with and and RS232 Two-year warranty Optional 2U POD and UPS Compact UPS reliability, and internal
GXT2 KVA UPS High capacity, UPS with and GXT2 UPS protection the their The UPS offer internal batteries, and the connected This the UPS where the Application achieved through the of of of or VAC. The input factor corrected to the UPS to of with flexibility, choose from the of that the of the UPS. include or as as The POD of GXT2 UPS to to third to the N+1 redundancy, reliability. internal Other Product GXT2 UPS input the UPS to the without to to Patented UL the UPS to ground of of to or matches input of or User-replaceable swappable of Additional Card to SNMP and web-based The operation of the UPS Automated Shutdown Software Universal and Remote Third-Party information, and RACK-MOUNT UPS
Protecting The High UPS Protection Mission-Critical Applications The to operations from through the of UPS Threats offers of protection facility from to the and UPS Facility-Wide Telecommunications Colocation Warehouses Network and Laboratory Operations Nfinity UPS The Nfinity to or to UPS with to of protection. The of the Nfinity to easy to as their cost-effectively without investing or That Sinewave The Nfinity UPS that conditioning, to battery, and than line-interactive Its houses of the including and or or redundancy. protection from aberrations, and current-sharing of The to continuously and to and performance. The with the interface to information about the of the and Additional The Nfinity Hot-swappable allow the to or the without connected Continuous and isolate to as as to and troubleshooting to and from the input operation to assembled and factory- tested, to and ready plug-and-play that functional right of the Additional to hours Two-year warranty or with warranty
NX UPS: to with The NX family offers three-phase UPS that protection these to the high of of IT applications. NX UPS operating features, and of ownership of to or The of the NX UPS protection security and efficiency than using throughout the facility. The NX protection with IGBT-based The advanced IGBT and IGBT The of the NX UPS Card Automated Shutdown Software Comprehensive Facility and Remote Third-Party information, and Other NX UPS Increases flexibility loads, and offers the to and increased capacity and Achieves higher reducing the of UPS to of ownership through the of and simplified input and to higher of nonlinear with factor, as as IGBT-based factor corrected the NX to its THD and PF performance Advanced the highest quality, THD and waveform to connected highly to UPS Battery ENTERPRISE UPS
NX UPS: Theres UPS That Matches Growth high high NX and UPS offer to and the of they with of flexibility found of this input and to to battery, reducing the of charging and with that recharge. achieved to the The operation of the NX UPS Card Automated Shutdown Software Comprehensive Facility and Remote Third-Party information, and Softscale flexibility to increase UPS or without NX allow to UPS and redundancy. The NX UPS combined with the optional NX and Distribution and This based and IT
Battery UPS NX UPS Incorporate Other Features: High rating and milliseconds the to reliability, and easy and servicing of Compact footprint leaving with other options to based rating Synchronization with Soft Switching increases to and Integrated ground allows effective while and lowering the weight or or Softscale Active input and One warranty One monitoring/reporting Cutting-Edge The and to and operating NX UPS Softscale NX UPS with Softscale that flexibility to increase UPS or without Allows of capacity or redundancy. performance with the high as NX allow to UPS capacity and redundancy, the as of each UPS its isolated battery. NX features integrated synchronization as with Softscale This the to the of UPS when they as feeding High Efficiency To this operating switches the UPS to operation. the UPS switches back to NX Distribution The optional NX and Distribution the UPS 480VAC to 208/120VAC. This of and covering the NX UPS of The front and back and the matched to the UPS and cabling from this to the UPS included, ease of and ease of and the offers top or and front and back. ENTERPRISE UPS
protection quality. the of UPS, to the of input and output ActiveStar DSP- based and that allows to to loads, including subcycle pulse-width corrections to the waveform nearly The from to The enough to branch input loads, PDU and (THD) typically than worst-case The of and rated switch the The operation of the UPS Automated Shutdown Software Comprehensive Facility and Remote Third-Party BDS-40 Battery information, and Optional The UPS: that allow of synchronization option with with switches or non-linear, and footprint full-featured and performance UPS Easy-to-read and LCD algorithms to of and include and charging
UPS the protection efficiency and UPS of from to These to operations from the of and IGBT (insulated transistor) combined with modulation/stepwave to and that footprint. Thanks to and topology, the including and isolated reliability, with to operation, as as shutdown-free operation when service required. The of the UPS Automated Shutdown Software Comprehensive Facility Universal and Remote Third-Party BDS-40 Battery information, and Other Higher DC higher AC/AC and DC/AC and allows relatively battery. Continuous reducing the of partsand the of within the operating and thanks to operating and industry leading factor of than The to and non-linear loads. heat the cooling and without the switch the operation, LCD interface displays full-featured and notifications. ENTERPRISE UPS
The operation of the NXL UPS Automated Shutdown Software Comprehensive Facility Universal and Remote Third-Party Integrated Battery information, and NXL UPS NXL UPS protection and high applications. The industrys protection and advanced combined of three-phase UPS high applications-the NXL from Emerson Network as as and NXL performance, with the to input while to loads. The UPS installations, Emerson offers and including the and widespread factory-trained service organization, and the industrys and advanced and witness facility. Other NXL Higher DC higher AC/AC and DC/AC and allows relatively and easy Top or simplifies Ship-ahead I/O section UPS ActiveStar (DSP) of and loads, to leading factor without interface and reduce of performance and with and service Compact cabling isolates ease of service operation, with to operating efficiency
NXL UPS The NXL high capacity, three-phase UPS with advanced technologies that performance, reduce and of ownership. More The NXL UPS footprint to three-phase and and that It to installation. The NXL the IGBT and These to footprint and operation without the high of reliability. The UPS leading factor to without the of this and of computers. The NXL operating and input to reduce the of charge and Battery UPS The to UPS to their UPS UPS off-line service without the whole Second, UPS or from the The NXL or increased capacity specially to together ENTERPRISE UPS
Battery-Free With UPS higher, UPS of world-class performance without the high of ownership and associated with Flywheel The lightweight, and FS and It offers footprint, and operating life. It recharge and operates of The shutdown The operating features, such as recharging and broad operating allow the FS to where FS Flywheel Ideally Colocation Telecommmunications Colocation FS Flywheel ride-through with or without The FS DC to and to with supply (UPS) The advanced, high-RPM, the FS of ride-through DC and approximately seconds than enough the of The FS as the DC or with or with batteries, the their fluctuations, to and It to ride-through The FS to UPS including the and to UPS to to the that the UPS DC to to the loads. The FS kinetically rather than reactions of toxic and through to increases Significantly reduces Increases health from through to increases battery Significantly reduces
The lightweight, and FS and footprint, and operating life. the FS toxic and recharge, of Patented shutdown with becomes the DC of than of than seconds), the and UPS reliability. Chamber Chamber Flywheel Coolant Interface Inductor-Filter the short-term DC to It Works: The FS kinetically. of the immediately to The FS functional or of batteries, charges from the UPS DC and to whenever the below threshold. Patented The high-speed, rotating The and rotating and that and mechanical and Its and Originally the and to Thick Synchronous M-G Heat Collection ENTERPRISE UPS Flywheel Housing Coolant Casters
Where You It rack-based complexity and criticality To this created to the with the and that IT from their Producing the first to the while and other the The There You It of specially high-availability It includes both and switching to to loads. Distribution Facility-Wide Telecommunications Colocation Warehouses Network and Laboratory Operations FDC Distribution The FDC the functionality of the PDU with foot serviced or without the of the other three panelboards. The FDC Unit Includes: with and only. Optional Top Enhanced with Isolated ground inspection of the without the or GE or to allow of to access).
Remote Distribution (RDC) The To High The of the of There than they than their of they of rated capacity. The Remote Distribution (RDC) the functionality of the PDU (four stand-alone Precision the RDC internal isolation and 4-wire-plus-ground input from PPC or other the PPC from the function, to that fits the of The the Remote Distribution from This the RDC to to RDC with each input Other The RDC: ease of Complete isolation and Optional clear inspection of the without the Optional to to creep or four-input Optional Optional input and UL and CE and easy access. right, 4-input and optional others. POWER DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS
FPC Conditioning Distribution The FPC and higher quality, high-density It to the and of pre-packaged, factory-tested with the flexibility of tailored This self-contained isolation, grounding and from to the FPC and the of racks, and to the of, or within, of racks, as as The approach of the FPC and space-saving, reducing and to approach using interconnected Other The FPC: with the non-linear input with Double-shielded isolation One or individually and with to Compact input reduces and front and rear Can easily relocated to investment UL and as
Precision Distribution Higher Quality Precision The Precision (PPC) and to that offers the of custom-tailored with the and of pre-packaged, factory-tested Housed self-contained grounding, isolation, and to the protection or capacity and top-exit the PPC offers to The of the PPC and space-saving, reducing and to approach using interconnected Other The Precision and Non-linear protection and annunciation, with to installation, with input and matched to the with and cabling to investment allowing the to easily relocated UL and CSA Listed as The of the Precision and FPC Comprehensive Facility Universal and Remote Third-Party information, and POWER DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS
Static Switch2 The To High-Availability The Static Switch2 (STS the of UPS and the input of If the UPS should the switch the to the UPS. redundancy, the STS2 features three self-correcting Each of and each the other from to Front-Access mechanical and of the STS2 from the front of the This Greater freedom The STS2 to or back of other It or Simplified installation, with through top and plates access. Simplified with serviceable and from the front of the without the to the connected Other The Static Switch2: CANBUS high-bandwidth twisted-pair as Simplified and of options to Three-pole switch The STS2 DSP of and each the other If malfunctions, the other Each from both The Both inputs, from each AC input protection, that internal or The that real-world Easy-To-Use Touch-Screen Interface The of the STS2 and The easy to and wealth of and information. The LCD three to there and section to instructions and You from effectiveness, reduced and chance of
STS2/PDU Distribution Switching With the Static Switch2/Power Distribution Unit the switching of the STS2 with the of the STS2/PDU to that the facility. It offers the of custom-tailored with the and of packaged, factory-tested Housed self-contained grounding, isolation, and as as switching, to the protection or from to the STS2/PDU offers to The approach of the STS2/PDU and space-saving, reducing and to approach using interconnected The STS2/PDU switches or manually AC grounding establishes ground to and the of the National with the non-linear of and other and annunciation with to Compact to reduces and The easily relocated to investment. UL as Complete to fast, inspection and building choice of options to The operation of the Static Switch2 Comprehensive Facility Universal and Third-Party information, and of the of input synthesizer waveform to to The self-contained to to and synthesizer and top-exit The synthesizes, and three-phase of input protection and harmonics isolation, with non-linear and input or the of with the This reduces while the internal and that the operation of The from three-phase, or input and options POWER DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS
Quality protection from without the of and The of (TVSS) products throughout facility, including protection that other within the conditioning shield from those through the Protection Facility-Wide Networks Telecommunications Colocation Network Laboratory Operations Protection High Quality Protection These Products A of The first the industry to offer coordinated of capacity from to phase. II TVSS to the highest of capacity, with the lowest with NEMA assembly ATF A customized, approach to protection The MOV LM protection from and and the industrys highest repeatability. from to phase.
the industrys of (TVSS) These products or buildings. of and applications. Each protection the that than years. SS R56 Committee, and Communication SitesType and Devices. advanced SAD/MOV industry leading to increased reliability. with the from to phase. connected and and locations. LED phase. with Islatrol SP-6TVN The IslatrolSP- 6TVN that features outlets and protects home/office including theaters, dishes, computers, and Islatrol Rackmount This of AC protectors protecting the feeding This Amps of protection and to of high- protection the service branch and or throughout facility the to and associated downtime to based Rackmount Includes and high-speed protectors that three-stage technology. These that switches and these mount easily the as the they protecting. PC642 The PC642 (four-wire) three-stage technology. This with and LCDP The LCDP to wire, and RJ-45 easy installation. RJA-RJD The RJA and RJD four protectors that CAT6-5 POE The CAT6- POE to as as applications. PHC This to of wires specifically and security where operating as high as Amps. It three-stage to and and SURGE PROTECTION AND POWER CONDITIONING SYSTEMS
Applications From switching and to and Emerson Network DC the and performance to match Combination Real-World The Emerson Network of DC and industry-leading MTBF and VDC. Emerson Network rectifiersthe heart of the of the highest and footprints the business. These further with the of monitors, and of Emerson Network DC Office CATV (PBX, LAN) Network Station Microwave Wireline Access Emerson Network DC Every Application DC 208/480VAC 3-Phase and office including and wireless switching, routing and The high- offers the increased flexibility of or distributed architecture. The consists of and that with rectifiers to DC Distribution LORAIN DB This effective secondary or -48VDC Integrated -48VDC 3-phase rectifiers, and to with LORAIN DB Battery Distribution featuring high capacity, front access, modularity, and simplified to effectively secondary and protection VDC to
Emerson Network offers of to the capacity of or To DC EmersonNetworkPower.com/DCPower. DC 240VAC Phase Highly and switching, wireless or installations. stations, LAN, WAN and other operations. NetSure The with rectifiers and to of +24VDC and -48VDC. DC VAC or 220/240VAC High-density DC office or applications. 2RU Integrated to -48VDC combining and with LORAIN VPS to of -48VDC or +24VDC with rectifiers. to of -48VDC with rectifiers. 1RU Integrated to -48VDC or combining and rectifiers with DC 240VAC Phase The features high 2RU of SCU and to 1800W rectifiers. LORAIN XP (LXP) the LXP platform, internal to the existing high 2RU shelf platform. 120VAC and VAC Phase wireless switching, or office where LORAIN IS that to Custom or of and Products together with DC including trays, covers, assorted and LORAIN XP (LXP) Compact -48VDC from to or mount with integrated LORAIN IS Compact offers to DC POWER SYSTEMS LORAIN IS mounted offers to
The To Continuous What You Dont Can You facility what with that protective operating efficiency, to reliability. People To Things offers than the right information about to the right people with the right of urgencyis to this allowing to and information from where located or what operating platform or building used. band, out-of-band and web-based From to of know the that the right To from shutdown software that operating information from UPS the to and of facility including and to the specificity of the information You than of operating the to its and These information and You the to performance to that the and
Through Distributed with Interface Cards and of the and Cards the and through existing Network with software with Card of Ethernet allowing from operations or wherever permitted, without the software. with existing Building with Card seamlessly integrated with existing Building with Software business expand, the of this to business Connecting to the distributed of the the connectivity of to of distributed the SNMP and built each of the cards, centrally to with easy interface to information. information the of personnelwherever they increasing to allowing IT organizations to their with Software who of that locations SiteScan centrally and the to the service and and Reporting and Building SiteScan to through graphics, and The interface allows easy from anywhere anytime. and applications. and and historical and reporting. ASHRAE compatibility. based. XP and MONITORING AND CONTROL
Services Preventive Services of Its everything to Its the operating performance. Its selected the to back the of downtime. Complete to selecting service to only that Emerson Network Services the industry knowledge and service to that when them. downtime recovery. downtime that back with service and where and when them. Increase MTBF Increase Mean The of Preventive Customers. Satisfied Customers. You know them. Theyre they know their when they them. theyre customersand, theyre of with the service fact, of them would to MRSI). Ensuring operating performance of to knowledgeable Technicians facility with the to the Emerson Network Technicians to the to firmware factory specifications, to and and R&D. this to organization. OEM increases the (MTBF). instance, the that PM than that that as to increases its based Mean three phase UPS with Emerson Network service
Servicing investment worthless Not the function properly serviced with Emerson Network services the of UPS, and related or other where of Static Remote Distribution Switch TVSS SwitchGear UPS Switch the of and the of supply to through of The Service Includes: UPS and Switch Static Switch Conditioning Distribution Emerson Network Services as Shouldnt service Emerson Network the and to service and its to Protection these and the Conversion/Distribution Converting and throughout facility or protecting
Ensuring The High Mission-Critical Applications. Emerson Network the business-critical continuity, and through family of including and cooling technologiesthat and business-critical architecture that to criticality, and capacity. from IT flexibility, and reduced and operating Emerson Network The Business-Critical Continuity AC Connectivity DC Business-Critical Continuity, Emerson Network and the Emerson Network and service of Emerson Emerson Computing Switching Precision Cooling Protection Corporation Dearborn P.O. Columbus, (U.S. Only) U.S.) FAX (PD) FAX Emerson Network 7/F., Phone FAX U.S.) While every to and this Corporation responsibility, and from of this information or or Corporation. rights throughout the Specifications to without to or of their respective owners. of the Corporation. SL-70100 (R12/08) Printed USA EmersonNetworkPower.com Integrated Services