IP227, AA MCU200 July MCU200 Installation, Operation Instructions installation Applications: and latching or interface and Specification supply MCU MCU II-IEC664 230V supply III-IEC664 115V supply MCU 2-IEC664 MCU 6VA supply MCU 24V (20V 30V floating or earth MCU 0.1A 5A 230V DPCO Normal seconds of relay only. other LED LED or Interface Switch selects or Option input Used to relay to Fixing rating IP65 Polycarbonate (clear o C to o C off EMC EN50081-1 Immunity: EN50082-1 EN61010-1 www.mobrey.com WARNING: If this specified the the protection impaired. and commissioning of this electrically or or interface type MCU200 to the These instructions cover the the MCU200
high or the to This the The allows the to from the to the or type where the the the reaches the receiver, of the of the the with from to receiver. the with the the which back to the Usually the to the sheath. The feedback amplifier, which when the and the The or the relay of the MCU200. or interface the clear and the or the interface. The the the these states. section (type HL, HD the of the the coupling the This coupling reduced when the that and the Switching and should normally mounted with the to of the of the this the switching the the mounted from the of the this normally the of the Occasionally such mounted with the to through the or of installation. this the switching the the top of the The consists of mounted the of the the the from round the If the around the this and the received the attenuated. The or of the the Switching when the about the of the NOTE: satisfactory operations the or than internal of The with installation, that and and with thread. It to boss or thin walls. The thread. PTFE or to the thread. the to the of the to the The should and from high or The termination (to the MCU200 and to the MCU200 to to the factory to to to of and and that the earthed or shorted together to or pick-up. The should used. The to of characteristic purchased from KDG K178). recommended of used, with the and to If together then the (those connected to E2) should together and (those connected to 1E) together the specified
Unit Mechanical The with three the of the the input and relay The normally with the further the of the should these recommended that the whilst MCU200 housing to the the of the Release the screw the wire. Protection permanently NOTE: This as permanently and wired the and specified. switch or included the and this should to the and as its rated 3A the supply. relay protected exceeding the rated the relay as specified the RG174 URM76 RG178 RG58 factory The RG178 should where the to exceeding 74C. AC connected the N and of the 115V or 230V terminals the supply BEWARE the connected externally once the the other Protective earth NOTE: protective earth should The DPCO relay of These NC1 Normally closed C1 Common NO1 Normally NC2 Normally closed C2 Common NO2 Normally warning CAUTION: (such as with or insulation only, MUST NOT connected to the relay the relay connected to which The E the and E the to the The of these connected to the terminals E. The which connected to to to latching or to another to from the MCU200 relay If terminals the MCU200 relay, once the attached to the MCU200 to that which should the relay, this relay the the to the MCU200. section MCU201 PC
Switch MCU200 switch (and section selection This switch FREQ and located the E2, and the input This selects the operating of the MCU200 which (switch the or (switch to the The ex-factory to The the type connected to the Usually these 30*S, 31*S, 32*S, 33*S 36*S, 40*S, 42*S, 43*S, 35*S, 37*S, 38*S, 39*S, 44*S HL*S, HD*S. 601S, 621S. Where built to the M1 or M3 the of the type type and with the M1, built both and The MCU201 selection switch the operating option selection This switch located directly the E2. It Check and the factory OUT with the switch to the right. this switch to the the brought action. This the of the of the attached to the normally these the to the of the (or to each other the of If this continuity the FAULT LED that the and the MCU200 the ALARM relay OSC relay NE and LED switch NOTE: The of type HL* and HD* and 601S, 621S the of this The of the type 442S or 448S usually this and LED selection The of switches the top of the the relay to the associated and the These switches, with and the factory with switches to the right. Each switch as shown and the function information. that these the switches the following the and upwards. BLUE If the MCU200 relay to (E) when the (OSC) then the switch to the right (OSC=E). This the to relay the ALARM as or as high The might when (OSC), which clear might preferably the relay to (OSC=NE) GREEN This selects the relay which to the selected the top switches. the switch to the right, the the and the relay or becoming (NE). This of seconds, (achieved switching the top BROWN switch to the right) and to relay chatter the selected the top three switches as follows: The relay the (within milliseconds). YELLOW Only of the GREEN or RED These the of the MCU200 relay. The RED LED ALARM and the GREEN LED NORMAL. The switch which LED when the relay (E). It to the GREEN/NORMAL with the relay with switch to the right (E=GREEN).
Applications Correct of the (HI/LO switch and of This the of the feedback the which of the when the coupling the crystals Therefore the higher the the the coupling to The of the MCU200 operates with the the and should found This account of RF coupling which the allowed Other characteristics, such as of or that operation the MCU200 as high as to least below the allowed to and With the increasing the as high as With the the of which the switch, increased increased The outlined below the which to to as indicated type The immediately milliseconds). of this type that connected correctly and FAULT LED switch to HI and the to MAX. the LED this known as the the this LED extinguishes. the (X). the from X, to X-4. If switch to LO If to the HI that the LED when the with the to monitored. type normally Non type and to ratio to the should found and the to X-1. High type This typical relay to the The and seconds to action the
High The when the high Normally such the relay This of seconds to Normal to allow the to that and that firstly function with secondly that with With reduce to seconds switch to LO and reduce to MIN. LED this the the clockwise the LED the (X). Increase the to switch to the HI the HI or LO and HI of of that the when the to monitored. the as the the to high caused splashing of the the switch to to NE. splashing or increase the to To splashing or light the reduced to and latching The relay of the MCU200 latched the This the terminals of the input, as the board The relay while the latching applied. this the relay the of the latching therefore of the relay the input, through to NC1 and C1 should to this latch, with NC2, C2 and NO2 the switching to this input to the The as follows: The to latched the MCU200 output relay. The attached directly to the MCU200 initiate the action to latched. The latched action when the MCU200 relay The to the the switch off The from the to switch off the and to the input the MCU200. this the switch the MCU200 to OSC E, that when the it the relay to the With switch to GREEN, the LED when the With to NE seconds, the or which The high as MCU200 alternatively or another MCU200 or operated switch: free the input the MCU200.
Interface Detection The MCU200 with 433S to the of with of 488S the MCU200 the of when thin shows the operation of the clear the the and the containing high of the the and the ceases. that this the that when the The normally the type the from the this to the section to the below the of the This the the to release of such thick indication. The of shows to the Once flowing the the closed the MCU200 when of detected. The of the which the relay increasing clockwise rotation. to of to the this With or relatively switch to LO and reduce the LED this the as the switch or ID or each the increase this switch Increase the to the LO and HI the the switch and as necessary. Increasing the the switch higher or of each (180D) approximately. each the (38D) typically. Overflow or to This and as (90D) increase to switch Interface and containing than clear This to which the the of and this or used, operating to the the of section with type The that the the with the this usually the the of that the when the the as that the and that layers high as interface the with the of the obtained. the of the the the other the these Correct performance the of least
Interface as with and the section the this the reflection of interface used. If from to another the interface reflected and refracted that reach the If there interference the the beam received and the The that the higher than the highest obtained, as section Performance the interface should then checked. that the of the the interface, throughout the interface, and when the This to inspection to that the including and housing and The following the MCU201. K2641 LED K2643 LED spacers K2623 LED K2624/50 assembly K2662 assembly K746/K747/K748 There items such as At least LED should If the supply to the If the LED and the or the to the incorrect or of of other of switch the OUT section The the terminals the terminals this should the LED. If the incorrect indications the section The Emerson and service of Emerson of other the property of their respective owners. the right to or the or specifications of and services without International: Emerson Slough, SL1 4UE, UK www.mobrey.com reference IP227 AA, July Americas: Emerson Rosemount Inc. MN USA (US) (International) (International) Interface reflection indication, this possibly to aeration or the This increasing the slightly, to of X-2. This increases the and high indication, this to that with the outer casings isolated. the caused to the slightly reducing the to X-6 operation the the slightly as increased reducing the to X+2. Decreasing to increasing the to X+4. The seconds or to off coatings and re-instate whenever the from the of the "LO" "HI" the incorrect incorrect of the selection switch or the input The board the terminals and with wire, to