and and Ton DX (DH/DE/VH/VE); Ton CW (FH/UH) Precision Cooling Business-Critical Continuity
NTRODUCTION Two-Step Chilled Water GLYCOOL (Chilled Source Cooling NITIAL TART -U ROCEDURE Additional Considerations Upflow Units. DVANCED ICROPROCESSOR C ONTROLS ETUP the Active History Selection Selection and Short Activation Board. LCD Memory DIP Switches. functions View/Change Functions DVANCED ICROPROCESSOR WITH RAPHICS C ONTROL ETUP the TABLE OF CONTENTS
Active History Custom Water optional LTM1000/LT750) Water Select Select Select DIP Switches. and Inputs. Hour History Short Activation Board. LCD Memory DIP Switches. View/Change
ESPONSE BY C ONTROL YPE A DVANCED ICROPROCESSOR C ONTROLS Cooling/Heating Required, to Cooling Operation. Heating Dehumidification/Humidification Required, Dehumidification Operation Operation Short Activation Connecting the Water Detection View/Change LARM ESCRIPTIONS AND OLUTIONS Custom With Advanced High Head High High and Humidity High High and of Flow of Suction Short Optional/Custom of Water Flow GC On Unit On. Water
C OMPONENT PERATION AND AINTENANCE C HECKS AND DJUSTMENTS Testing Blower and Bearings. Suction Suction Superheat Thermostatic Cooled Water/Glycol Cooled Steam ROUBLESHOOTING AINTENANCE NSPECTION C HECKLIST M ONTHLY AINTENANCE NSPECTION C HECKLIST S EMIANNUAL
Advanced Advanced (AM) Advanced with graphics Advanced with graphics (AG) input Connecting the LT750. bypass. Steam switch. Steam and Table and factory Table Select options. Table DIP switch Table Table Table and Table and factory Select Table DIP switch factory-set Table Additional Table Suction Table Table Steam capacity. Table DIP switch Table Blower troubleshooting. Chilled troubleshooting and troubleshooting. Table Dehumidification troubleshooting Table troubleshooting troubleshooting troubleshooting. Table Reheat troubleshooting. FIGURES TABLES
NTRODUCTION Each ration with Advanced (AM), or Advanced with Graphics (AG). of each, including below. to what with Two-Step These or cooled the heat rejection selected. Cooling of mechanical Heating Three of reheat steam/hot and optional Humidification and optional Dehumidification the The the of head of each This the to reduced and increases The to increasing with or four of increasing the cooling. Cooling of mechanical Lead reduced capacity. Lead and reduced capacity. Lead capacity; reduced capacity. Lead and capacity. Heating Three of reheat optional and optional Dehumidification the Introduction
Chilled Water These and cooling the Cooling Heating Three of reheat steam/hot optional and optional Dehumidification Chilled to GLYCOOL (Chilled GLYCOOL of the features of or cooling that connected the sufficiently (below cooling the through the cooling (with the This then the cooling greatly reduc- the operation. Cooling cooling proportionally to match (primary), or four of mechanical (secondary) Heating Three of reheat optional Dehumidification the Source Cooling This the features of cooling that nected to of This It the of cooling and reduced. Cooling proportionally to the (primary), or four of mechanical (secondary) Heating Three of reheat optional Dehumidification the Advanced the and then the the Introduction
NITIAL TART -U ROCEDURE that to the instructions the the with Complete the and to when completed. tions or installation, or operation. WARNING Potentially within this operation. and the and this to serious or death. service and should with this Disconnect to the Tighten and such as reheats, and which the the right of the and the the of the with them instead of Turn and switch. within of Turn ON switch and secondary T1. T1 VAC VAC TB1-1 and TB1-8). T1 VAC. necessary. ON Blower and ON light (lighted switch only). If to factory and and and other to Advanced or to Advanced with Graphics Turn OFF and Unit ON should OFF. three (or to ON the switch. the and match with ON the operation. and and of operation. completed to: Corporation Dearborn P.O. Columbus, OH Additional Considerations Upflow Units These with factory sheaves. to and the and the flow. This reduce and wear the and Applications information. Initial Procedure
DVANCED ICROPROCESSOR C ONTROLS ETUP The Advanced (AM) easy to LCD The features, and this section. to TypeAdvanced and information to and tions include ON/OFF, MENU/ESCAPE, ENTER, Increase (UP) arrow, and Decrease (DOWN) arrow. to These to through the as prompted the LCD to To the the ON/OFF applied. To the off, the ON/ OFF disconnected. Active the LCD To the ENTER as prompted the The the DIP switch and other selections testing the tory. chosen based typical operating Other selections based options included with to the factory selections ONLY they specifications. the allowable displayed and Advanced the Press the MENU/ESC to the The selections STATUS/ALARM DATA SETPOINTS/SETUP DATE AND TIME STATUS DISPLAY Advanced
Advanced (AM) Active OR of High Head PR to DX Cool Heat Cool CW Cold TO TO IR Rate F/C CW CW/HW Select Heating Heat Reheat Cooling Normal Active History History History AD#1(2,3,4) to to of 15-APR-09:20:45 High to C1 C2 RH1 RH2 RH3 CW DIP Switches Select PID High Head of Flow High High Humidity Short Suction of optional Optional and 15-APR-2001 Relative Common Custom Select Custom TXT Custom Water Detected GC On of Water Flow Unit On Custom Advanced and 75F RH Cooling ENTER to to A/O Text
Selecting STATUS/ALARM DATA from the the following ACTIVE ALARMS OPERATING STATUS ALARM HISTORY LOG RUN HOURS LOG ANALOG SENSORS Active This of displays active The numbered, the If there active then NO ALARMS PRESENT played. The of informs the what the the to The the On cooling, seconds the to from closed to when the reads seconds the to actually Also, the operating the turned off of the Short History The History of memory to the with the and each occurred. The first the His- tory the and the tenth the If the history fullshowing alarmsand the and the becoming the first the history location The the positionthe becomes the third and The History the of factory testing. the to this the The operating hours of the from this of The information retained memory. the following: C1: C2: GLYCOOL (or Cool HUM: RH1: reheat (or Water Reheat) RH2: reheat RH3: reheat CW: Chilled Water The hours each selecting the hours the then ENTER within of applying to the The then prompted to ENTER to clear the selected hours. NOTE There matches the NOTE hours should when the replaced. Advanced
The four from this of The and with the text assigned Selecting from the the following VIEW SETPOINTS SETUP SYSTEM RUN DIAGNOSTICS CHANGE PASSWORDS Selection and or with this of The following the and their allowable Table and 72F to 90F to 32C) 2.0F to 9.9F to 5.6C) to RH to RH High 80F to 95F to 35C) 65F to 95F to 35C) High to RH to RH Selection The of includes the following SETUP OPERATION SELECT OPTIONS CALIBRATE SENSORS SHOW DIP SWITCHES SELECT CONTROL TYPE SETUP ALARMS HUM CONTROL METHOD ANALOG SETUP SET STATUS DISPLAY CALIBRATE ACTUATOR NOTE and memory. Advanced
The the and/or of the The Cold This to as or allows the switch to the of the the to suction this this the low-pressure switch The from to This factory to water-cooled, cooled, and GLYCOOL Typically, air-cooled This allows the to of The seconds) of the user to manually the ON/OFF to the The of this to from the of The Please when the the AUTO RESTART (It that installations with IR Rate only): to the operation. If humidification and hours the the the off the of the This about seconds and seconds The to and the about or selected based and the factory. operation, with the the of the to to the (about seconds every of operation or seconds of operation This enough to the to about third of the to flushed the located the This action to from the The from to If the to increase the flushing action the Also, the supply the increased that humidification. Chilled Water/Hot Water/Econ-O-Coil This the respective three the of hours of the with hours reheat type and heating hours, the three to allow the to flushed. The from flush) to hours of F/C The selected to readings and (F) or (C). The following the their factory and the allowable that Table and factory Cold to to Rate to Chilled/Hot Water to F/C C or *Factory to water-cooled, and GLYCOOL Function Advanced
Select The following choices the Select These should match the options with and should to operation. Table Select options Heating or or or or Reheat or Heat or Dehumidification or *If heat to the reheat The and selecting this shows the reading or reading. Calibrated shows the reading the offset The and the RH. the the shown RH, though selected. If selected, the Normal the reading and with the relative reading displayed while DIP Switches The DIP switch from the the DIP switches the to the DIP switches the board. DIP switch DIP Switch OFF ON DX Cool Chilled Water Electric/Hot Reheat Water Reheat DX DX GLYCOOL GLYCOOL Cooling Cooling Not Used Not Used Reheat Dehumidification with Normal Reheat These selections should match options and should to operation. Switches through self-explanatory. Switch below. DIP switch shown the when to ON and the to OFF. Option Selection NOTE off, then from the switch the to the DIP switch switch Advanced
Dehumidification with Normal or Reheat: Dehumidification with reheat allows operating BOTH and reheats It that to the and wired this option selected. CAUTION If the service to the properly this option, the building (or or, the building With reheat selected, the reheats from turning when with both the which heating At this the off the reheats the back to the which the reheats turned off. Select INTELLIGENT PROPORTIONAL TUNABLE PID The type of the selected from the front The INTELLIGENT which the actions that to The including and to and increase reducing PROPORTIONAL that factor TUNABLE PID and three factors selected the PID allows and seasonal that PID selected, while to with the optional operation. to TypeAdvanced of Selecting SETUP ALARMS to the following SET TIME DELAYS ENABLE ALARMS ENABLE COMMON ALARM SET CUSTOM ALARMS with from to seconds. ENABLED or DISABLED and each to or to the Common the the specified amount of the The the amount of that annunciated. If the the the and the software such as of Short and Suction the of that The of the the already occurred. these the should the tory of The following shows the each Advanced
High Head High Head of Flow Custom Custom Custom Custom High High Humidity Humidity Suction Short of Each selected to ENABLED (annunciated and to Products or DISABLED Common selected to or to the relay. If the function to YES, the relay immediately as the annunciated and when the (only the If the function to NO, the the relay of whether the ENABLED or DISABLED. Custom The from of or They location(s) through The text selecting SET CUSTOM ALARMS. To the text SELECT ALARM. Then, which would to through the UP/DOWN arrows through the of and the Press ENTER to selection. To the back and CHANGE CUSTOM TXT (or Text to characters and of the following characters (or ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ#%*-0123456789. (seconds) NOTE or of the NOTE The shown with what them and Advanced
Water GC of flow information concerning and The and (predictive) If selected, the RH directly from the RH If selected, the RH as the from the This predictive The RH both of the reading displayed selected. With predictive the approximately RH each the and the With when overcooling This because higher than RH reading caused overcool- the (about RH each of overcooling). This the when the and the to the the RH reading The RH reading then than actually If the overcooling enough, the RH enough to the If selected, overcooling causing increase the RH reading, the predicts what the RH when the and to the This allows the to the The predictive reduce and reheat operation, and operation. of TypeAdvanced selecting and properly to the the to the as follows: The to the input The or and from to The input input, input input, and input. of input with of input of displayed as would The offset from to or input. The or and from to of to the would would Text: You each input. The text characters including of the following characters (or ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ#%*-0123456789 NOTE input the reading input then of required. of the would The Advanced
The to the and SENSOR READ- INGS or the and SETPOINTS through this selection. SET- POINTS selected, the SETPTS. If SENSOR READINGS selected, the the readings. that or cooling, the or This the the to from closed to It from to seconds. The factory seconds and should the correct. The the to the the and cooling the seconds to To the first the CALIBRATE ACTUATOR The the the Press ENTER and the the UP/DOWN arrows. the displayed, ENTER to the memory. From the inputs, outputs, and of the board, from the front of the and the without operation. To the the temporarily suspended. DO NOT the the tics than troubleshooting. The to automatically, pressed. With the and the the input the following displayed: switch: normally off of active Custom normally off this active Custom normally off this active Custom normally off this active Custom normally off this active normally this active normally off active normally active High Head normally off High Head active normally active Shutdown normally off through the or Remote Shutdown switch normally operation switch normally operation normally active High Head normally off High Head active Advanced
this selected, the effectively turned off. from to the the previous turned off automatically. The on/off selecting ENTER. Once turned the off or the function exited selecting MENU/ESC. to seconds to The as follows: LLSV1: HGBP/CUV1: or LLSV2: HGBP/CUV2: or CWV/CGV: or GLYCOOL R5 relay: (heat rejection) Reheat Reheat Reheat Reheat RH HWR/Steam: or and HMV: Comm relay CAUTION than seconds. selecting this function, the At the of the the ROM ROM and played. This function to three-digit when The includes and The allows the to first the factory as and The function security, authorized to should know the If unauthorized the and should selected. The function DIP switch to OFF. and The and through the This allows the and to or and selecting and from the The and the only recording the History. NOTE The clock the hour PM. The and protected Advanced
The shows the humidity, active (cooling, heating, and active This the normally shown the If the switches to the The selected from the While the displayed, the MENU/ESC to the Short The both and each from turning within of turned off. If this off, too Short Activation The allows to of or Each activated operating The the first to turned when operation required. The turned both The the operating of both and switch operation to than hours the of the operating hours the become hours than the the switched. If the operating that turned off, the operation and the turned The board located the the LCD and the front to the board. The board includes LCD memory, DIP switches (which should and board The should as follows: and and and inputs. other LCD The of to of the LCD wheel the of the board the to the The R6. NOTE If the reheat option selected, the NOTE The LED backlighting the text Advanced
Memory information memory. and hours the EEPROM. Information retained the history RAM. DIP Switches options selected and DIP switches to These located the of the and SW1. Switch the top. These switches factory and should The and function of the switches from the LCD and DIP Switches Active indicated with the section of the board. LED the active The troubleshooting the LED R5 Heat Rejection LLSV1 HGBP1 By-Pass or C1 C2 RH1 Reheat or Reheat RH2 RH3 HUM HGBP2 or FAN HMV LLSV2 The RS-422 to with Products. This directly of the of Product wired to this the Product facility BMS Interface or to third toring Network Interface CardFor Ethernet using SNMP D.O. Interface CardFor of and ECA2 Communication service directly or the of the and operation information. Advanced
Temperature/Humidity: readings and operating presently active History: AG) hours High and View/Change Functions High High Humidity Cold Rate Chilled Water Rate PID, PID and On/Off Advanced
DVANCED ICROPROCESSOR WITH RAPHICS C ONTROL ETUP The Advanced with Graphics (AG) easy-to- LCD Graphics The features, and this section. the to Advanced the to and include ON/OFF, ENTER, Increase arrow, and Decrease arrow. to These to through the as prompted the LCD To the the ON/OFF applied. To the off, the ON/ OFF disconnected. Active indicated the LCD graphic. annunciated To the ENTER as prompted the The the review. DIP switch and other selections testing the tory and memory. chosen based typical operating Other selections based options included with to the factory selections ONLY they specifications. the allowable and Advanced with graphics Advanced with Graphics
Advanced with graphics (AG) Cooling Heating Chilled Water Humidification Active History High High Suction Suction Short Short of High Head High Head of Flow Custom Custom Custom Custom Custom Custom Text Custom Text Custom Text Custom Text Custom Text Water Water to ENTER to Optional Normal Operation Cold IR CW/HW (F/C Chilled Water Select of Reheat Dehumidification Reading Select PID Select Relative Reading High High Humidity Advanced with Graphics 72F Unit On Cooling UP/DOWN to the ENTER to the ESC through the and and Clock Switch Custom Custom Custom Custom Clog Switch High Head Shutdown Switch Switch High Head LLSV HGBP/CUV LLSV HGBP/CUV CWV/CGV RS Reheat Reheat HMV Common DIP Switches Dipswitch Dipswitch Dipswitch Dipswitch Dipswitch Dipswitch Dipswitch Cursor ON/OFF ESC Units Text (How-to Text) Humidity Hour History Chilled Reheat Hours Reheat Chilled Heat Rejection
the Press the MENU/ESC to the The selections VIEW/SET ALARMS OPERATING STATUS VIEW/SET CONTROL SETPOINTS SYSTEM SETUP RUN DIAGNOSTICS DATE AND TIME PLOT GRAPHS ANALOG/DIGITAL INPUTS VIEW RUN HOURS LOG Pressing the MENU/ESC while the the to the The right and half. The displays the and readings characters. The right of the screen four (top to the four graphic displayed the appears the top of the The appears the and The displays rotating when the and the The Unit appear to the The third of relating to heating or cooling. If the cooling, shown to the If the heating, three heat displayed to the Heating. the there of relating to humidification and If the humidification, shown to the Humidification. If the shown to the Dehumidification. Selecting VIEW/SET ALARMS to the following ACTIVE ALARMS ALARM HISTORY LOG SETUP ALARMS SETUP CUSTOM ALARMS VIEW WATER DETECT FLOOR PLAN SETUP WATER DETECT FLOOR PLAN Active This displays active The numbered, the The type of or Warning) displayed. If there active then NO ALARMS PRESENT displayed. History history of the sixty memory with the type of the and the and of its The first the history the and the to the If the History and the and the history location The the history the of factory testing. NOTE The to the and Advanced with Graphics
The of the UP/DOWN selected to its the ENTER and type The high/low and The the which the activated. the the specified amount of the The the amount of that ciated. If the the the software such as of Short and Suction the of that The of the the already occurred. these the should the tory of Table High Head High Head of Flow Custom Custom Custom Custom High High Suction Short of selected as DISABLED, WARNING, or URGENT. The four selected to input. If the DISABLED, If the WARNING or URGENT, annunciated visually, and to Products If the selected to WARNING, the NOT the relay. the selected to URGENT, the first annunciated as WARNING, and then annunciated the the becomes URGENT, the the relay. The relay the and when the the type selected to URGENT, the allowable the from to to hours. of the four selected as Only, they become and treated as (seconds) Advanced with Graphics
Custom Selecting SETUP CUSTOM ALARMS to the following SETUP CUSTOM ALARM TEXT CHANGE CUSTOM TEXT CHANGE CUSTOM TEXT CHANGE CUSTOM TEXT CHANGE CUSTOM TEXT The selected from of or write own The selected selecting SETUP CUSTOM ALARM TEXT. Custom below) and four to choose from. To the CHANGE CUSTOM TEXT or Each to characters and of the following characters (or ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTU- VWXYZ#%*-0123456789. Custom WATER UNDER FLOOR SMOKE DETECTED STANDBY GC PUMP ON LOSS OF WATER FLOW STANDBY UNIT ON information concerning and Water optional LTM1000/LT750) the sound and the WATER UNDER FLOOR displayed. To where the the VIEW/SET ALARMS from the then VIEW WATER DETECT FLOOR PLAN. highlighted and to the of the Water The to graphically the location of when to LT750 The selected highlighted and The UP and DOWN arrow to the The UP the and then wraps around to the of the to the right. The DOWN arrow the then to the top of the to the The around from the right top to the and back. There three of to the the LT750 and To the first the to the location of the and the ENTER that location. Then the to the location of the LT750 and the ENTER the the LT750 directly the to least The should The that to the where the to and the The consecutively to The ENTER to If the the that and the ENTER It the the and the back to the The the ENTER the the to the InstallationLT750 DIP Switch the LT750 following the instructions the LT750 The following switch selections should when to Advanced DIP SW3-4 Off-(water relay DIP SW3-5 Off-(cable relay Switch Advanced with Graphics
The to the user with displayed information concerning what the the to The the On cooling, seconds the to from closed to when the reads seconds the to actually Also, the operating the turned off of the Short and/or through the The following the and their allowable and 72F to 90F to 32C) 2.0F to 9.9F to 5.6C) to RH Humidity to RH High 80F to 95F to 35C) 65F to 95F to 35C) High to RH to RH *Unit these to these of Selecting SETUP SYSTEM to the following SETUP OPERATION SELECT OPTIONS CALIBRATE SENSORS CALIBRATE VALVE ACTUATOR SELECT CONTROL ALGORITHM SELECT HUMIDITY SENSING MODE SET STATUS DISPLAY CHANGE PASSWORDS NOTE There matches the displayed Advanced with Graphics
The SETUP OPERATION the and/or of the This Cold This to as or allows the switch to the of the this this the switch The from to This factory to cooled, and GLYCOOL Typically, only cooled This allows the to of The seconds) of would the user to manually the ON/OFF switch to the The of this to from the of The Please displayed when the the AUTO RESTART (It installations with IR only) to the operation. If humidification and hours the the then the off the of the This about seconds. The to and the about operation, with the the of the to to the (about seconds and of operation). This enough to the to about third of the to flushed the located the This action to from the The from to If the it to increase the flushing action the Also, the supply the increased that humidification. Chilled Water/Econ-O-Coil This the respective three the of hours of the with hours reheat type and heating hour the to allow the to flushed. The from flush) to hours of The to readings and (F) or (C). and Table below the of their factory and the allowable which they and factory Cold to to Rate to Chilled/Hot Water to F/C C or *Factory to water-cooled, and GLYCOOL Function with Graphics
Select The following of that should match the options with and should to operation. Table options Heating or or or or or Heat or Dehumidification or *If heat to the reheat The and selecting this SENSOR shows the reading or reading. CALIBRATED shows the reading the offset The and the RH. the the shown RH, though selected. If selected, the Normal the reading and with the reading displayed while that or cooling, the or through this This the the to from closed to It from to seconds. The factory seconds and should the correct. The the to the the seconds and cooling the seconds to To the first the CALIBRATE VALVE ACTUATOR The the the Press ENTER and the the UP/DOWN arrows. the displayed, ENTER to the memory. The type of the selected from the front The INTELLIGENT, which the actions that would to The including and to and increase reducing PROPORTIONAL that factor TUNABLE PID and three factors selected the PID allows and seasonal that PID selected, while to with the optional operation. to TypeAdvanced of Option Selection Advanced with Graphics
Select This the to RELATIVE and ABSOLUTE (predictive) If relative selected, the RH directly from the RH If selected, the RH as the from the This predictive The RH both of the reading selected. With predictive the RH each the and the With when overcooling This higher than RH reading caused overcool- the (about RH each of overcooling). This the when the and the to the the RH reading The RH reading then than actually If the overcooling enough, the RH enough to the If selected, over-dehumidification overcooling causing increase the RH reading, the predicts what the RH when the and to the This allows the to the The predictive reduce and reheat operation, and operation. The to the and SENSOR READ- INGS or the and SETPOINTS through this selection. selected, the SETPOINTS. If SENSOR READ- INGS selected, the the readings. Selecting the user to of the following: SETPOINT PASSWORD SETUP PASSWORD The to three when The includes and The allows the to first the factory as and The function security, authorized to should know the If unauthorized the and should selected. The function DIP switch to OFF. selecting inputs, outputs, and of the board, from the front of the and the without operation. Advanced with Graphics
With the and the the input the following displayed: Switch: normally off of active Custom Normally off this active Custom Normally off this active Custom Normally off this active Custom Normally off this active Normally this active Clog Switch: Normally off active High Head Normally off High Head active Normally off active Shutdown Normally off through the or Remote Shutdown Switch Normally operation Switch Normally operation Normally active High Head Normally off High Head active this selected, the effectively turned off. from to the the turned off automatically. The on/off selecting ENTER. Once the off or the outputs function exited selecting MENU/ESC to seconds to DO NOT the the outputs than troubleshooting. The outputs as follows: LLSV1: HGBP/CUV1: or LLSV2: HGBP/CUV2: or CWV/CGV: Chilled or GLYCOOL R5 (heat rejection) Reheat Reheat Reheat Reheat HWR/Steam: or and HMV: Common Common relay CAUTION than seconds. selecting this function, the At the of the the ROM ROM and played. Advanced with Graphics
DIP Switches The DIP switch from the the DIP switches the front to the DIP switches the board. These selections should match options and should to operation. Switches through explanatory. DIP switch shown the the when to ON and the to OFF. Table DIP switch OFF ON Cool Chilled Water Reheat Water Reheat GLYCOOL GLYCOOL Cooling Cooling Not Used Not Used Reheat Dehumidification with Normal Reheat Dehumidification with Normal or Reheat Dehumidification with reheat allows operating both and reheats It that service to the and wired this option selected. CAUTION The of service to the properly this option of the building (or or, to building With reheat selected, the reheats from turning when with both the which heating At this the off the reheats the back to the which the reheats turned off. and The and through the This allows the and to or and selecting DATE AND TIME from the The DATE AND TIME the recording the History and The and backed battery. Selecting to the following TEMPERATURE PLOT HUMIDITY PLOT ANALOG SENSOR PLOT ANALOG SENSOR PLOT ANALOG SENSOR PLOT ANALOG SENSOR PLOT MODIFY PLOT SCALES NOTE MUST off, then from the switch the to the DIP switch switch NOTE The clock the hour would PM). Advanced with Graphics
recorded humidity, and four inputs. type three and tions. The three hours, and hours. The and With selected, the of the displayed. other the and readings shown. shows which covers fifths of the The item the of the This selects the and It the of the The and while the displayed. The DOWN arrow the from to hours to hours. The UP arrow the and Selecting to the following READ ANALOG INPUTS SETUP ANALOG INPUTS READ DIGITAL INPUTS SETUP DIGITAL INPUTS The four from the The then played with the text assigned of selecting and properly to the the to the as follows: The to the input The or and from to The input input, input input, and input. of input with of input of would displayed as would The offset from to or input. The or and from to of to the would would Text You each input. The text characters including of the following: ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ#%*-0123456789, or NOTE input the reading input then of required. of the would The Advanced with Graphics
The four to inputs. to tomer and the input of the four to STATUS ONLY type the The input specifying to of the optional or text and Custom Selecting VIEW RUN HOURS LOG to the following VIEW HOUR RUN TIME HISTORY VIEW TOTAL RUN HOURS Hour History The history of each every hour the hours displayed the hour history. The of each hour that the displayed from to of or with as of their hour. that of the hour displayed as that Hours The operating hours of the from the and retained memory. the following: COMPRESSOR COMPRESSOR GLYCOOL COIL (or DUAL COOL COIL) FAN HUMIDIFIER REHEAT (or HOT WATER REHEAT) REHEAT REHEAT CHILLED WATER COIL HEAT REJECTION The hours each selecting the hours the then ENTER within of applying to the The user then prompted to ENTER to clear the selected hours. Short The both and each from turning within of off. If this off, too hour, Short Activation The allows to restoration of or activated operating NOTE hours should BE RESET ONLY when the replaced. Advanced with Graphics
The the first to turned when operation required. The turned both required. The the operating of both and switch to than hours the of the operating hours the become hours than the the operation switched. If the operating that turned off, the and the turned The board located the the LCD and the front to the board. The includes LCD memory, DIP switches (which should output and The should as follows: P19installed, and P47installed, and P48installed, and inputs. Table other LCD The of to the of the LCD wheel the of the board the to the The R6. Memory information memory. and hours the EEPROM. Information retained hour hour history, and the RAM. DIP Switches options selected and DIP switches to These located the of the and SW1. Switch the top. These switches factory and should The and function of the switches from the LCD and DIP Switches NOTE If the reheat option selected, the NOTE The LCD backlighting when and off the pressed. Advanced with Graphics
Active indicated with the section of the board. LED the active these to troubleshooting the LED R5 Heat Rejection LLSV1 HGBP1 By-Pass or C1 C2 RH1 Reheat or Reheat RH2 Reheat RH3 HUM HGBP2 or FAN HMV LLSV2 The RS-422 to with Products. This directly of the of Product wired to this the Product facility BMS Interface or to third toring Network Interface CardFor Ethernet SNMP D.O. Interface CardFor of and ECA2 Communication service directly or the of the and operation information. Temperature/Humidity: readings Cooling/Heating and operating presently active History: AG) hours High and View/Change High Humidity Cold Rate High Chilled Water Rate PID, PID and On/Off Advanced with Graphics
ESPONSE BY C ONTROL YPE A DVANCED ICROPROCESSOR C ONTROLS This section Advanced the rithm/control type selected the Cooling/Heating Required, The the advanced based cooling/ heating, the to the algorithm or type. to If selected, the the the and the the the the cooling increases proportionally (from to to the +1F. The heating the as the below the With this type of the which the increases as the cooling increases. At cooling the would to the the PID If PID selected, the or the of the The cooling/heating together three terms and The to the Con- The action) and the or below the If the the the cooling continuously increased the to the back to the The If the the cooling increased temporarily the to The heating increased The and terms through the selection and should or to the characteristics of the Con- If selected, the or the The cooling/heating based of that the These basically the actions that would manually the TypeAdvanced
Cooling Two-Step Direct (DX) The first of cooling activates when the cooling of The first of cooling deactivated when the cooling below The of cooling activated when the cooling to and deactivated when the below Direct (DX) The four of cooling activated when the cooling and respectively. Each of cooling deactivated when the cooling below the respective activation The four of cooling accomplished the following One Both One and Both GLYCOOL Cooling GLYCOOL cooling the cooling of rather than that GLYCOOL capacity the GLYCOOL proportionally as the cooling from to If than cooling then the activated and respectively and four-step If GLYCOOL then the GLY- COOL cooling to the GLYCOOL capacity. The activated cooling of and the GLYCOOL capacity. the GLYCOOL then the GLYCOOL cooling and the would and cooling to reduce and GLYCOOL first becomes when the least capacity) below the or 3F below the hours. GLYCOOL when the 25F below the The to Econ-O-Cool as as as the least 3F capacity) below the If GLYCOOL the the the as or without GLYCOOL. Cooling Source If cooling the cooling operates the as GLYCOOL that that the below the Chilled Water Cooling The proportionally as the the cooling from to Units with the optional (VSD) that the when the cool- than Also, the operated heating and/or humidification. Heating Reheat The three heat activated when the of and respectively. The deactivated when the heat than or of the activation To the of the reheats, rotated. The first reheat off the to turn heating, reheat If the heating necessary, reheat turn Then, heating reheat turn off. If heating necessary, reheat If heating necessary, reheat If heating reheat the first off, then reheat and Reheat rotated of reheat operation selected the SELECT OPTIONS TypeAdvanced
Water/Steam Heat The to when the heating and proportionally the heat Dehumidification/Humidification Required, The the Advanced based humidification. This the type of selected the The the the and the the the the tion increases proportionally from to to the The humidification PID If PID selected, the with the the If selected, the or the The based of that the actions of Dehumidification Dehumidification, Direct (DX) If selected, activated when the of the deactivated when the below Two-Stage Dehumidification, Direct (DX) The first of activates when the of The first of when the below The of activated when the to and deactivated when the below If the (four-step cooling), then the activated the each of Normal or Reheat Two-Stage Dehumidification Only) If the enough to than the reheat capacity, then of and the reheats activated. If the enough to the reheat both of tion One of heating. Both of If reheat selected and both activated the reheats If reheat selected, then the reheats both operating. to section Selection and DIP Switches this option. TypeAdvanced
Cooling Source Dehumidification cooling the of rather than The cooling proportionally as the from to If than required, then the activated and respectively. cooling the 14F capacity) below the If cooling the the the as Chilled Water Dehumidification The proportionally as the the from to Humidification Activation The or activated when the of humidification, and when the below This that the to the The increases as the increases. At the would to the the If selected, the factory and the the and PID The PID three to the of that PID only If PID selected, to The (P the the and the This cooling (heating) each (below) the It from to The of this to the the and the The (I things: the the and and the amount of this existed. This cooling (heat- each and (below) the It from to The of this to force the to the around the continuously (subtracting) amount of cooling (heat- to the the the The (D the of of This cooling (heating) each It from to The of this to the three the Select of the If PID selected, the the performance, PID or to the characteristics of the and to the to and/or The characteristics of the and seasonally, performance. TypeAdvanced
Procedure Initially the and to and with the the action (the the from to the the of and the of the the the to about the obtained the to the following the to the following The only of and based the characteristics. to further PID performance. If cooling overshoot occurring changes, the or the If with the If the too slowly, increase the or the If the and increase the NOTE If this of than the to TypeAdvanced
The operates from of that the should The to the actions that would manually the as might things the to the such the What the What the cooling output What the cooling the the cooling Other factors. of to the operating Hence, from this type of approach that mathematical to the operation of the (such as or PID You to and performance based as as approaches that The includes that significantly the performance of the both from of and reliability. included that: the to or temporary temperature/humidity This that to the of the of that to mechanical wear or of operation, such as and to the to them. the the and then to force the to the ate which and allow the to temporarily than the to the reheat and activates reheats overcooling TypeAdvanced
Short The both and each from turning within of turned off. If this off, too hour Short Activation The allows to restoration of or activated operating The the first to turned when The turned both required. The the operating of both and switch to than hours the of the operating hours the become hours than the the switched. If the operating that turned off, the and the turned NOTE If the reheat option selected, the TypeAdvanced
Connecting the The factory-set to The the the board. Table and The MUST their supply. To reduce the effects of ference from the input should shielded and the shield to earth ground input terminals factory wired to the specified when terminals located the of the to the terminals as follows: factory-set field to these required. Table Additional P50.1&2 and P50.5&6 and P50.9&10 and P50.11&14 and P50.3&4 P50.7&8 P50.11&12 P50.15&16 VDC P50.1&2 P50.5&6 P50.9&10 P50.13&14 VDC P50.1&2 and P50.3&4 P50.5&6 and P50.7&8 P50.9&10 and P50.11&12 P50.11&12 and P50.15&16 input TypeAdvanced input location ENLARGED AREA
Water Detection The to graphically the location of when connected to LT750 The graphical shows Each (approximately Connecting the LT750 Physical The shows the of LT750 connected to and the This with inputs. (If this there from The of the LT750 connected to the first input, as shown. TB4 the relay It connected to of the four inputs. TB5 the relay It connected to of the four inputs. The following as shown that and to Warning or type. this selecting from the Then, Follow the instructions the to the type Custom and Custom already Next, the Custom and From the Then, Custom Then, Custom Text. Custom to Custom (Custom the that Next, the text to Water the Custom to LT750 This selecting the Custom Text item the Custom Follow the instructions the to the The and of to the location of These should initially to The to those They selecting from the then Inputs. Water information. TB6 TB5 TB4 LT750 TypeAdvanced NO NC C NO NC C Unit
should installations. The of this The the and of The of the from the of the LT750 the reading/full reading (measured the from the LT750 to the of the measured the of the which when the The these The from to the measured of to which to highlight. displayed the seventh to the fifth the offset to the to to the of the farther the should corrected This effectively the measured of the Increasing the effective of increase the of the and the highlighted farther the and the which the amount locations the the increases its The to the would to first to the LT750, about the to the reading. Next, from the the to the reading. The RS-422 to with Products. This directly of the of Product wired to this the Product facility BMS Interface or to third toring Network Interface CardFor Ethernet SNMP D.O. Interface CardFor outputs of and ECA2 service directly or the of the and operation information. Temperature/Humidity: readings Cooling/Heating and operating presently active History: AG) hours High and Humidity TypeAdvanced
View/Change High High Humidity Cold Rate Chilled Water Rate PID, PID and On/Off TypeAdvanced
LARM ESCRIPTIONS AND OLUTIONS The Advanced (AM) and the Advanced with Graphics (AG) and including the four With the AM AG the from the optional and/or their selected as AM and four AG. The AC which from the wired from through normally to locations and respectively, through The AM and AG from to seconds The AM or Also, the AM to the Common or to only and the The AG selected as Warning, or Disabled. If selected to Warning, they annunciated the the Common If selected as they annunciated the as Warning and then re-annunciated user from to hours as ated as the Common activated. The of the AG Only. Only, the input referenced as input and treated as It only and selecting Inputs. the and the activated. If with Product, the transmitted. The to Press to the the silenced, the to the Normal the AG, the and shown the top of the Normal the AM, the the of Active the SM, the lighted LED to the The active the Advanced selecting Active The through with Products when the and only acknowledged Silenced. The The three software of Suction and Short which Silenced or acknowledged. such as and high switches history of the AM and AG retained memory AM information, History AG information, History This section of each Troubleshooting included. to Troubleshooting If with Periodically, the the The the that necessary. switch when the the becomes The switch the the switch The located internal to the tripped when used, optional each or located the the that the top and the and
Custom With Advanced Custom the LCD The specified the the of Additional and the factory or oth- The displayed included this alphabetical of or text to If text used, should of the function and corrective action High Head head with switch. One SPDT switch the the If head PSIG, the switch off the and input to the the acknowledged, the silenced. the switch the of the manually to clear the which allow the to On cooled off to the head service and Also, that when the the switch the to the the cooled On water/glycol operating and service or operating? the the or below relay R5 operating cooling to turn the High If the increased to the High the following: the DIP switch)? the to from humidity? or to to the cooling properly (the cooling High Humidity and If these displayed the the input Dashes displayed the reading. The humidification and fication. or High If the increased to the High the lowing: the correct? the than the the too to cooling operating and/or High and If these displayed the the input (or the of to RH). Dashes displayed the reading. The initiate cooling. disconnected or This activated the high switch (AM and AG only) the assembly. The high switch normally and and, the switch the or the switch. of the Steam This activated from the indicating that the to replaced. and
of Flow switch to of flow of outlet or blower and blower tight to to the properly. of This the or the switch turned off the ON switch (to the This when to the (optional) immediately of If the to the the following: the humidification DIP switch)? the to from humidity? or to to the properly. Suction the cooling operation, switch the suction the below factory the switch the and the switch the activated. The active that of such as or such as switch, and head closed service the or the or receiver. If the to the to heating operating and reheats). to the reheats the optional this and or the internal The located to the tor the section. The activated when the tripped. Short On the cooling hour or the the switch This caused enough to Suction or cooling that to of the and If increase to reduce On GLYCOOL the to the and
Optional/Custom of Water Flow the or supply optional flow switch this service closed, Detected the optional Detector. of or fire, and follow GC On The and the activated cooled and GLYCOOL only). with the service Unit On The and the activated. Water Water optional Water Detection the or other and
C OMPONENT PERATION AND AINTENANCE C HECKS AND DJUSTMENTS Testing WARNING Potentially within this operation. and and this to serious or death. service and should with this Functions The performance of tested actuating each of the This temporarily the Cooling To the cooling function, the to 10F (5C) below cooling should and the should to cool. high to the Heating tested the 10F (5C) heat- should and the heating should to heat. the and the to the Humidification To humidification, the to the ity. the should immediately hear the clicks as the with The heat and produced. the to the humidity. Dehumidification Dehumidification the to relative below humidity. The should to the humidity. Dehumidification On Chilled GLYCOOL Cool, GLYCOOLING and with reheat, the of responding to These or three-way activated cooling and the positioning the tionally to match the of the of the within the of the of the within RH. reheat, the the to match the of the of the within 1F with each 0.1F and and
The should inspected WARNING that to the attempting to or and The four located the individually the If of the first shorts, then with only type and of specified The isolation the board to the The internally protected. If the internal the board replaced. the the the board. Switch the Switch located the and consists of switch and interconnecting to the blower The switch wired directly to the to the and the The optional operated with Normally switch. This the when the It connected terminals and P39. Detector The optional supply located the of the upflow and the top of It constantly through Water Detection CAUTION near or of water-detection including and Follow the instructions with selected installation, and Shutdown shutdown and the when shutdown to the and the and and
usually the neglected item To operation, they should monthly and as required. with and type, each with switch. This of restricted through the activating the Turn off from the On from the front. the allow to the ones. the first, then the ones. to the Technical or other the the of the switch. Turn the screw counter clockwise to the switch this the To the switch as follows: With the the switch to the light with clean The and closed to this Then the clockwise, or to the Blower of the blower mounts, bearings, and These with factory sheaves. to and the and the flow. This reduce and wear the and the factory information. and should inspected and to they tightly mounted the the and they the housing. the permanently sealed and self-lubricating. They should inspected of wear when the and the If noticed, should replaced. the of the wear and corrected the to operation. The should monthly of wear and Pressing the and should from to to of that too tight or lowering the base. To the the four mounting Turn mounting to or to to Tighten If appears cracked or worn, should with matched With should years. NOTE or that mounts that the Operation and and
On optional This factory and should field The reducing blower to match If with the first that the INTELLIGENT CONTROL selected the WARNING the while connected to the instructions proceeding. service technicians should to the TURN OFF ALL POWER TO THE UNIT AT THE DISCONNECT. the and cover. the wires. These connected to the relay the high-voltage section of the wires to they reconnected the wires the of the relay. the cover. the right front to to the With the to the turning the the factory instructions the keypadthe factory of the the instructions and the the right front back the the wires to the and the cover and the Each month the of the should inspected function and of of malfunction usually to inspections factor the of properly and allowed to or the Inspect months of wear and inspect and from the and as necessary. sight that flow and the of the sight shortage of or restriction the The from to yellow when the There each (clearly when the that the Normally, the should to from the of the sight this to the action of the the higher to absorption of the of foaming usually when the first the operating least the with and to becomes or inspect the of If corrected and the to its 3GS from sealed the of to and and
Suction Suction with The switch the suction below the On the other hand, high suction reduces the of the to cool and switch and operating) suction the following Table Suction FSC head Water Cooled Cooled increased or or efficiency. The high switch the its to the below. Table Cooled Water Cooled to 75F to 24C) 85F (29C) Cooled High Suction Superheat Superheat the Thermostatic (TEV). To superheat: Measure the of the suction the the TEV clamped. the the suction the location and suction Convert the of the to the this from the suction The superheat. Thermostatic The thermostatic function. It the with enough to It operation. operation If too to the the high; too supplied, the The superheat and 15F and 8.3C). PSIG and and PSIG R22 PSIG R22
To the as follows: the the of the Turn the counterclockwise to the Turn the clockwise to increase the The the and the of the through the outlet to The operation, when the enough the leaving of the to the closed. If the the the the too cold, the internal the and allows the to then with the the of the the and the The reduction the cooling of the to match the what the following should to the the suction and Turn thermostat to cooling that the the TOP from the wrench the top of and CLOCKWISE higher required. the suction required, tightly there the approximately to to the suction within the There of approximately to PSIG to the to the the bypass. NOTE than of the as thirty the to and and Distribution Connector or ASC TEV
Cooled Restricted through the reduce the operating efficiency of the and high head and of cooling. Clean the of that flow. This with or cleaner. or and as necessary. to around the or the and isolation. as necessary. inspect of Checking Charge Head The checked. This easily the following the that the continuously. The through sight the receiver, and with 40F (4.4C) and the sight to 60F to 15.6C) sight should clear with 60F (15.6C) and the top sight to Heater each to shown and and M1 FS Inverted Others Service Others Inverted Others Service Others
Water/Glycol Cooled Shell and Each or cooled and which consists of shell, heads, and cleanable It to the to or that should cleanings with clean- supply house, should to clean the heat Stop the (using the switch) and allow the to the switch. off the supply to the the from and the each head and them free. and inspect and the with cleaning the clean, the heads using factory factory the supply the and The the amount of to the heat from the to flow when high and to when The consists of seat, to and screw. (Johnson Johnson The with service wrench or screwdriver. to recommended To the head the screw clockwise the high the To the head the screw counterclockwise the obtained. If with from other please the factory. Testing Function of off the the off approximately to the should If the to flow, the improperly (with head too or the connected properly to the It to establish of the of tion of of and every months should to establish of inspection of the and often helpful whether or active occurring. The complexity of water-caused and their correction to the of treatment and follow to of the testing and of inhibitors. products from Operation and and
CAUTION touching or the and with burns Infrequently, the insulation burn. However, properly burnouts rarely those that the effects of mechanical or the as secondary If that detected and corrected early, prevented. inspections service the factor reducing It and costly to the to than to allow to and troubleshooting operation. and switch operation. If occurred, whether or mechanical Mechanical mechanical indicated The to If that mechanical occurred, the replaced. If the that caused the burnout and clean the It to that burnouts of the usually caused cleaning. indicated If occurred, the and the that there and of the the procedures to the to that would There that with burnout Cleaner and Follow the NOTE to caused cleaning the of the warranty, and the WARRANTY WILL BE VOID. and and
Procedure from They shipped to the as the service the service the the to the factory. The should the to the The or that found should recorded the Disconnect suction and to Recover recovery and when charging the with recovered WARNING or seat service to the from service switch and Follow instructions and and the approximately PSIG the to and the third to Break the each with clean, to PSIG Charge the with (R-22) based of the and to the or the Apply and the operation. to Table operation, of the This should cleaned to operation. supply acteristics, cleanings locally. monthly (and cleaning necessary) recommended. The easily the the the coupling, and the screws each of the CAUTION to and than the and with with and greatly increase the cleanings, the and NOTE Release of to the atmosphere to the and or with and regulations. and and
switch. front screws cover, then the cover. of the then the burned-out with CAUTION the with Oily such as fingerprints, lifeuse screws to straight wires once around This the and allow thermal wires to reassemble. Cleaning The the with to the of to the amount of flushing through the to match Water amounts and of the amount humidification selected. of the flushing then and further to The operation of the four with humidification. If the activated hours, the flow the about or seconds (based the of the This amount of the and heat to the OFF. If the activated within the hours, bypassed. The the about or (based the of activations). The and the this the (the the closed. The OFF and the of to (based the of the the to the to the to replenish the humidification and the of This amount of from to of At the of this the closed. and as as humidification required. NOTE To properly, the that least with of and and
Steam The and to and the when the to replaced. The located the section of upflow and the section of Steam when the humidification, the and allows to the the reaches the flows and the to The the reaches the and the the its conductivity increases and the flow, turn, If the reaches of the operating the and of the of the This reduces with the and the flow to the and the operates normally. If the conductivity of the the and the reaches the the reached. The to overflow. should off, the the increases and increases. The eventually reaches and to operation. then. reached the board which factory seconds. this repeating the to replenish the off and steady the the the becomes too high. this the too the off and of the exposed, the flow the the threshold the of the the the and with fresh This lowers the and the to steady operation and life. The of conductivity. of and hours the become with of which flow. this the the to the to Eventually, the steady reach the and activating the and the At this of the and the the coated, the to off. This usually the hours of and should allow enough to these hours, the increase. If the too high, arcing If the to off the immediately and the with the and and
The RUN/DRAIN switch located the the assembly FH599, 740C). This switch should the RUN when the operation; should the DRAIN when service The board the located the as the RUN/DRAIN switch. the to the switch the Canister of Steam indications that to replaced. To the Turn off the lowering the below the Record the the RUN/DRAIN switch the DRAIN to the from the the RUN/DRAIN switch to the RUN the WARNING To shock to the proceeding with the Turn OFF the the the cover from the WARNING The and hose Allow the to cool FOR ALL MODELS EXCEPT FH599C, 600C, 739C and 740C, to instructions that 153315P1 and P2. FH599C, 600C, 739C and 740C, the wires to the of the wires. to the back to the the three wires and the wires terminals and the screws that the screwdriver to the hose that the and hoses from the the and the from the input the outlet hose and the hose from the Release the the of the and and
The ready to On the the straight and the through the of the On other the straight of the the with the indicated the following or or below FH599C, 600C, 739C, 740C 136799P1 FH599C, 600C, 739C, 740C 136799P2 included with the the of the following: CAUTION reconnecting the follow exactly the instructions included with 153315P1 and P2 or the with 136799P1 and P2. Priority LED Indication of to Capacity Indicate only OvercurrentOperating of count 24-hour to CapacityDoes reach within hours VDC seconds TP2Low VDC TP3Capacity VDC TP5RT Capacity VDC Unit 153315P1 153315P2 NOTE the the and operation. and and Capacity
WARNING board should only. the throughout the If to the operation the board. This located the right of the the section of the or the FH599C, 600C, 739C and 740C. There mounted the board. These to conductivity and capacity. The the which the The clearly This factory which that the when the off of the the increases the of Lowering the the of The should increased and If necessary, and of three to four operation of the The SEC the of the The clearly seconds. This factory seconds and should without Table Steam 75A, 72G, 86W, 114A, 110G, 127W, 125A, 75A, 72G, 86W, 147C, 200C, 248C 116G, 138W, 147C, 200C, 248C 199A, 192G, 219W, 245A, 240G, 267W, 290A, 265G, 315W, 380A, 363G, 412W, 302C, 376C, 422C, 529C, 600C, 740C CAUTION The DIP switches exactly as indicated Table to correctly the DIP switches or The DIP switches to the of the These the factory and should to the of and Table to the DIP switch (R40) to the capacity of the This factory clock- to It to reduce capacity, should to the capacity the Turn the counterclockwise to reduce capacity. The approximately of the DIP switch NOTE and within parentheses the following to board FH599C, 600C, 739C and 740C. Capacity and and 115A, 111G, 128W, 130A, 121G, 143W, 199A, 192G, 219W, 245A, 240G, 267W, 290A, 265G, 315W, 380A, 363G, 412W, 302C, 376C, 422C, 529C, 599C, 739C
Steam board DIP switch Unit Rated Capacity SW1 SW2 SW3 SW4 On On On On On On On On On On On On *The FH600C and FH740C. other to and therefore the 460V Reheat CAUTION Reheat sheaths and with inspections to cleanliness of the reheating Should inspection the reheating or (including and cleaning should reheating to On On On On On and and Rated AMP
ROUBLESHOOTING this section troubleshooting to and tions function WARNING should service these Lethal when troubleshooting with and and when with and CAUTION troubleshooting, when connected and Table Blower troubleshooting Symptom or Blower Blower R1 only) Table Chilled troubleshooting Symptom or VAC P22-3 and P22-5 or P22- VAC to and P22-5 (closed). Chilled or Motors L1, L2 and L3 rated Blown or tripped or CBs to (CB) tripped from VAC P24-2 and P24-1. If or VAC P4-4 and E1. If tripped or switch SS P9-1 to P9-2. Unit should If (SM only) S1. operates and that tight the and that tight VAC to the from VAC P36-9 and P36-10. If R1 switch. P36-4 to P36-7 If R1 switch closing blower rotation, and pinched VAC R1 If the and R1 R1. DC board grounded and DC should from to VDC or as below cooling or heating wires and from the With VAC from TR to TR and to to closed, to Troubleshooting
Table and troubleshooting Symptom or switch. to other troubleshooting High switch pulled three then operates High suction off switch, or CBs and manually Tighten and cooling screwdriver and field. This switch manually switch. or CBs, and Blown or tripped CB switch closing cooled only). field to or Clean operation. operating High charge charge. properly. improperly Water properly. improperly through Suction service partially the closed the head, and suction Worn head or and 10-15F Defective closed or the head Inspect and Troubleshooting
Table and troubleshooting (continued) Symptom or Blown plate or or Symptom: head capacity or to Defective or improperly Increase or or Correct or and/or head Inspect and Blown plate or head to head specs. or plate assembly head and suction connecting or clean; dirty. or to of Symptom: of of or Tighten connecting or other Blown or Symptom: Blown Plate head or and necessary. of high and switches. ratio too high that and operating properly. crankcase or or blown switch to switch to or operation switch and Suction service closed flowing through or or cooled service to Clean Troubleshooting
Table and troubleshooting Symptom or continually protectors or or Dehumidification troubleshooting Symptom or troubleshooting Symptom or or Clean or Clean and around the Worn or or while operating Performance switch or or restriction to and Defective and necessary. of or High or Defective relay suction High suction or desuperheating. or and ground or Defective found. and location of head assembly and to crankshaft) or ground. Correct and Section. blown Section. or CBs and or CB tripped Worn or with or Suction too high to supply. wires to Worn Worn head Throttle suction cover and Troubleshooting
Table troubleshooting Symptom or Foaming Shorts or the of the VAC VAC or Unit ON, pulled Water activates Water activates Canister of interface. overflows board. pulled (to LED board (to the board. to shut-off strainer Clean or or and board. Foaming and supply. Canister interface incorrect isolation assembly operating freely and or necessary. Canister expired. Interface activated. Water supply with reached of and necessary. board. to that freely. and supply. If to supply. If connected to to that RUN/DRAIN switch the RUN or CBs and or necessary. securely board and that wires art the interface to L2 of the L2 connected to the to the that the from the interface to the top the This the farthest from the and the high from If operation replaced. the from the interface. If interface replaced. Canister expired. DIP switch with service. Water conductivity too high; conductivity/quality. service. DIP switches incorrectly. to Troubleshooting
Table troubleshooting Symptom or arcing the On high activates and to reach hours Humidifierinfrared troubleshooting Symptom or humidification Reheat troubleshooting Symptom or Reheat operating, Turn off and heater with Heater or If supply to supply, and If to supply, to Increase the to roughly of If to from supply. Turn the to roughly Conductivity of too If to reach FLA hours, supply conductivity checked. If to that closing tightly the tightly. to shorts. heat terminals P34-1 and P34-2. If reheat Reheat operates, that operates freely when activated. Clean and or and arcing supply. If and or CBs. terminals P35-6 and P35-15. If Troubleshooting
AINTENANCE NSPECTION C HECKLIST M ONTHLY by: Cycle/Section Unrestricted flow suction switch section head (sight Blower Section of free and thermostatic Section Reheat reheat Inspect cleanliness and Cooled Steam mount tight free and of hoses properly NOTES photocopies of this records clogs Inspection ChecklistMonthly
AINTENANCE NSPECTION C HECKLIST S EMIANNUAL by: Cycle/Section Unrestricted suction switch section head (sight Blower Section free of free and Inspect thermostatic Section Reheat reheat operation Inspect cleanliness Inspect Inspect Cooled Steam mount tight Bearings free and of hoses properly Inspect Inspect Inspect/clean Water/Glycol Cleaning Inspect function clogs Inspect water/glycol Inspect Inspect Distribution Section Inspect Restriction free operation Inspect operation NOTES photocopies of this records Inspection Inspect
Ensuring The High Mission-Critical Applications. Emerson Network the business-critical continuity, and through family of technologiesincluding and cooling technologiesthat and business-critical architecture that to criticality, and capacity. from IT flexibility and reduced and operating While every to the and of this Corporation and from of this information or or Corporation rights throughout the Specifications to without and the of Corporation. to or of their respective owners. SL-18345_REV02_08-06 Emerson Network EmersonNetworkPower.com The Business-Critical Continuity AC Connectivity DC Business-Critical Continuity Emerson Network and the Emerson Network and service of Emerson Emerson Computing Switching Integrated Services Precision Cooling Technical Service www.liebert.com the US: UPS the US: Three-Phase UPS the United States Locations United States Dearborn P.O. Columbus, OH (PD) 7/F, Road, Protection