THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Please follow the below This properly and located with the Instructions used. allow to or the shelves the They the and seriously themselves. or or other and the vicinity of this or other of the clearances the and closing when children the the cleaning and repairs. strongly that servicing Turning the to the OFF cooling off to the or heat or Clean the with cloth. with the with or chemicals. heavy items top of the the where there of and splash. allow children to the the and eat food too the or out-of-order the to as and food from the of attraction to If of Please follow the instructions the Child Warning. CHILD ENTRAPMENT WARNING: of child throw or off the the shelves that easily CAUTIONS: USE OF AN EXTENSION CORD IS NOT RECOMMENDED. FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
of the of shock. or service the grounding instructions completely or as to whether the properly grounded. If to cord, only three that three grounding and three that the the The rating of the should to or than the rating of the If the installation, the or properly, causing cooling, frost, or It the to to function properly. To the clockwise to that to the or counter-clockwise to that the top of the This to the off the This 110V 120V, supply. that the ground The of this with (grounding) which with (grounding) outlet to the of shock from this A. or cords and their B. If or used, the rating of the or should least as as the rating of the the grounding-type cord, and the should that the counter top or top where pulled or tripped unintentionally. The should its own outlet which rating that matches the rating If it responsibility and to with properly grounded the cord. and straight from the Grounding Lead Screw Grounding
The
Shelf Cover Thermostat Chiller Compartment Compartment Can
NOTES: of the 30F to 48F of 77F (25C). and cool -5F to 0F, hence this to these of items. USING THE THERMOSTAT DEFROSTING The thermostat the and located the right of the The first the the thermostat to and to cool completely food; ecommended. cooled, and to or to to of should or office Turning the to OFF the cooling thermostat NOTE: If the frost/ice please the following: Turn the thermostat to the OFF and the food and or to or where Clean and the frost with loth. Chiller To the ompartment to the frost or to the food. NOTE: o
REVERSING THE DOOR POSITION to and/or property, the To process. the Appliance and empty. the to their highest to screw screw Bracket Foot Screw the cover, then the screws of and off the hinge. Then off the screw cover. the to off. foot and the the mounting screws. At the the mounting screws to foot NOTE: To the off to the Appliance backward. You should the Appliance something below the top DO NOT the Appliance completely as this the Bracket Foot
the foot and the the Then the screws of the the the the the and the the smoothly. Then the screws of the cover and the right screw cover. that the and vertically and that the closed the the BOTTOM VIEW
The The thermostat to the OFF household or tripped. The thermostat too cold. The of food touches the back The the this the of The too or closed properly. amount of food to the or The of thermostat too The the The of the touches The properly. The the The too often or closed properly. The The food correctly. Food the from closing properly. The shelves of The dirty. The Unit (inches) AC115V 84W 1.21A
Emerson warrants including and workmanship, and of from the of purchase the U.S. With of purchase, service charge and authorized Facility, or the or or money to Emerson the amount of California to cover and and of of purchase. to: Emerson Warehouse, AU898N This warranty cover from to follow operating instructions, repairs unauthorized facility, or products purchased, used, serviced or of the United States. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. The found the of the that the of the below reference. CR519B
PART NO.: CR519B-12112010-01