Reference BA Rosemount www.rosemountnuclear.com
Affected Effect. of CF3M of 316L SST) 316L SST 3/8-inch 316L SST NPT optional) the the to as follows: Table 6-2,Rosemount 1154DP, 1154HP, and 1154GP locations the following updated: Rosemount 1154DP, 1154HP, and 1154GP the footnotes to which as follows: IMPORTANT NOTICE ERRATA Product BA as option. with with the both the and the board. Please reference (Rosemount 1154DP, 1154HP, and 1154GP the numbers. Amplifier Board, R: Amplifier with R: Amplifier R, N0026: SST O: O: IMPORTANT NOTICE: To when purchasing or Rosemount D2011019 to that the to and the associated Amplifier the referenced with Amplifier Boards.
Reference BA Rosemount www.rosemountnuclear.com Rosemount this with the and and performance thoroughly the or this service the United States, the Rosemount Within the United States, the North American service hours and Rosemount service If what to about the or service or the toll-free 1-800-654-RSMT This to and about Rosemount or service. Rosemount and the Rosemount of Rosemount Inc. of Rosemount Inc. of Corporation. of Company. D.C. of Corning Corporation. of E/M Corporation of Union 1153-001AB Rosemount Inc. obligations from legislation to the Union. NOTICE
Rosemount Rosemount Inc. Warranty and of The warranty and of to this Rosemount as stated the of the Rosemount and acknowledgment forms. Authorization from Rosemount Inc. to the Authorization (RMA). Rosemount without Authorization without authorization to to customer. whether or of warranty, should shipped to: Rosemount Inc. MN USA The Rosemount tested IEEE and IEEE as Rosemount D8400102, and to the of NQA-1; 10CFR50, and 10CFR testing, interfaces the and its that to IEEE To with 10CFR the with the throughout its installation, operation and It the to that the Rosemount Inc.s traceability throughout the of the to the of the the interfaces compromised. Performance of operations the other than those specifically authorized this interface. Where the the terms or the instructions referenced Rosemount Inc. responsibility and which the with the RETURN OF MATERIAL IMPORTANT Reference BA
Reference BA Rosemount (New) (Old) Cover Cover from to from AA to BA. Include information P/N with with P/N with R, N0026 P/N with Throughout Throughout References to Fisher-Rosemount to Emerson back cover back cover back the process from indicating responsibility the interface. Updated reference to and reference to 353C Rearranged shielded to Notes Changed to to information the and Changed ISO to ISO mount P/N with P/N information NOTE The Revision the Please to both www.rosemountnuclear.com Revision From to Cover Include information and phone from www.rosemount.com to www.rosemountnuclear.com. reference to Union (CE). of to each section
Reference BA Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount SECTION About The Introduction SECTION Considerations. Mechanical Considerations Considerations Procedures Mechanical SECTION Procedures and Linearity Correction High (Rosemount 1154DP and 1154HP Only) SECTION Operation The Linearity and Polarity Protection www.rosemountnuclear.com of
Reference BA Rosemount SECTION and Troubleshooting SECTION Specifications and Reference TOC-2 Procedure. Housing from Housing Reassembly Procedure Connecting the Housing to the Housing Reassembly Reassembly Assembly Specifications Radiation Steam Chemical Spray. DBE Quality Testing Traceability Qualified Performance Specifications. Effect Effect Static Effect Static Effect Effect Effect Mounting Effect Functional Specifications. Service and and Humidity Turn-on Static and
Reference BA Physical Specifications of Construction. Information Shelf Notice NOTES:. Rosemount TOC-3
Reference BA Rosemount TOC-4
Reference BA Rosemount Section Introduction OVERVIEW This to operating, and the Rosemount The the following ABOUT THE Rosemount performance and TRANSMITTER specified life. These generically tested to the IEEE and IEEE the D8400102. The Rosemount tested to typical of Water Reactors (PWR) the includes traceability of cleaning, and testing. www.rosemountnuclear.com Section mechanical, and installation to through and effective installation. Section Section Operation of the operates. Section and Troubleshooting basic troubleshooting including and reassembly and post-assembly tests. Section Specifications and Reference performance, and physical specifications; includes information, and of Rosemount built to Class 1E service while the and of the Rosemount that become of service. Units (G), (D), and high-line (H) with of as shown Table shows the
Reference BA Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount Section OVERVIEW This section information and instructions the following installation-related information: GENERAL The and of flow, or the of the and its associated CONSIDERATIONS and of the to the of the installation should the of and fluctuations, and and shock operation. when the to the caused incorrect The of the affects the of the www.rosemountnuclear.com Considerations Mechanical Considerations Considerations Procedures Considerations Mechanical Considerations Considerations Procedures Mechanical
Reference BA Rosemount Qualified MECHANICAL This section information should when to mount the this section proceeding to the CONSIDERATIONS mechanical mechanical the This the or the to the Mount the Rosemount to with mechanical of or mounting included with the mounting. shows the mounting The with the mounted with four with to to the mounted with the the to the head caused the height of the If the mounted to the that input to the mounting Rosemount D8400102. The to the with using options NPT the the interface. The shipped completely assembled them the and the the that the the shoulder of the and that the tight. the one-and-one-quarter tight to the Qualified (Years) Qualified (F)
Reference BA with A, D, H, J, L, or shipped with Included front and that the the with the and shown A, -inch and of thickness the involved. The and without the To the with the the front the Tighten the hand, then or to the one-and-one-quarter tight Then the slightly with wrench. information the of to: MS-01-140 and If the to them to when closing. location of the with to the the location, the following: or from contacting the from the and readings. as as the head both of the or the of the to and mount the or below the the or the top or of the and mount the or the the flow or the of the and mount the below the the with service, the with to from the chambers the of the Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount The to the NPT. the to from the of the housing To the from mechanical to the or the the the with the instructions or the ELECTRICAL This section information that should when to to the Read this section CONSIDERATIONS proceeding to the The the and the the measured the to the of this Friction used) Trapped or (head (head To the of the following as as least inch foot the and least inch foot the high and of to friction effects. that from that of to with the following: both the both to the the to the and through of the through the The Rosemount when connected to shows typical consisting of supply, and receivers The supply supply least to the terminals or the operation. appears the The supply relationship shown D8400102 The the of the of the leads and the of the receivers.
Reference BA Load. shielded, twisted the electrically shielded should or with or heavy (floating) or grounded the The grounded or The to This with of This coupled to ground through the of this coupling, the choice of grounding. The which as high Computers with where the grounded this with f) or LC the grounded other affected this and Cover DC (V DC) Rosemount Qualified
Reference BA Rosemount INSTALLATION consists of mounting the and and Procedures follow each operation. PROCEDURES Mechanical Typical Mounting Bracket ACCEPTABLE ALTERNATE PANEL MOUNTING HOLE MOUNTING PATTERN (BACK SIDE) NOTES NOTE with to inches Units alternately mounted with to to the the and the housing. The threaded interface the and the housing hermetically sealed The of this the of the If the reseal it to Connecting the Housing to the Mount the to or other as shown four with SAE testing. each to the to the mounting as shown four with washers with each to (Customer Supplied) MOUNTING BRACKET FOR PANEL MOUNT SHOWN IN TYPICAL MOUNTING CONFIGURATION of (Includes Clearance of (Includes
Reference BA DETAIL NOTE inches ROSEMOUNT 1154DP AND 1154HP UNF (typical) (optional NPT UNF (typical) (optional NPT NPT (optional NPT To of ROSEMOUNT 1154GP NPT (optional NPT To of Rosemount Nameplate and (this (this UNC Nameplate and (this (this UNC Clearance (typical) Clearance (typical)
Reference BA Rosemount Steam Service or Cooling ROSEMOUNT 1154DP, HP the cover from the of the the threads with thread (The interface threads with NPT Starting thread the the and or of the housing securely to the threaded the and the housing installation. the necessary. Flow Steam Service or Blocking GAS SERVICE LIQUID SERVICE the leads to the SIGNAL terminals the the screws to or hand-tight. NOTE leads to the TEST polarity. the cleanliness. If or clean the seat and of the with with grease (RMT P/N or P/N The using Corning Grease. the threads of the covers with cover (Rosemount P/N or necessary; covers already sufficiently cover and to Cooling ROSEMOUNT 1154GP Flow ROSEMOUNT GP ROSEMOUNT 1154DP, HP Cooling
Reference BA Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount Section OVERVIEW Each factory to the specified the customer. CALIBRATION The Rosemount 1154DP, HP, and GP factory to the shown the This within the of the to or to The and and located the The Rosemount continuously to allow anywhere and of of the continuously and O. The to of or of www.rosemountnuclear.com Procedures This section the following information: Procedures The or to these with the that within the the to the the of The to to O) this of linearity. and Linearity Correction High
Reference BA Rosemount CALIBRATION PROCEDURES and NOTE The Rosemount boards which NOTE and The and screws externally. They located the the of the housing The increases with clockwise rotation of the screws. The screw the The however, the The of interaction with or The the and the the Therefore, to the from to the and the the screw to the or O) O) or O) based to O) Rosemount with of O.
Reference BA and Screws. Initial to with O) to with O) the to existing or With to the the the reads The to O. the to the To reduce the the screw the with input, the screw to the with input, back to The should to to O. and the and predictably. the screw affects the as as affects the To this completing the reads O, turn the the output O) reads Turn the screw the reads with to the high of the (applying to the of the the The the reading obtained. If this off to the and the to Housing Disassembly and To or amount, the following Existing Since the affects as as the the increase increase Therefore, the O) the reads The should to O. Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount Linearity to the and there linearity located the the Linearity factory performance the of the and normally the field. If to linearity the following Wire: QQW343, ASTM B33 QQ-S-571 MIL A, QQ-S-571 RA To follow the the the and the SZ C). and and necessary. NOTE There mechanical the and there when the of of the backlash, the the overshot, to intentionally overshoot amount the of the DETAIL Wire) Locate the three terminals the of the board. wires them To the and the EZ B). the once around each and off the to the Clean thoroughly with isopropyl the board back and the DETAIL DETAIL C (To (To
Reference BA Linearity and as option. with with the both the (RMT P/N and the (RMT P/N Apply and the theoretical and Apply the noted and the factor: the to the output or the from the the linearity At the Therefore, the Linearity increases and NOTE If cover the procedures, the and the the instructions Section and Troubleshooting cover with each Allowable Rangedown Factor of Housing Rosemount (Optional) Linearity
Reference BA Rosemount Correction High (Rosemount 1154DP and 1154HP Only) The of the single-turn located the right-hand of the board The when to the of least seconds and seconds and with the option and shipped with the the counterclockwise the To the the the obtained. It to the to the shortest Since affected the the with the the process. The both Forcing the the NOTE If the the and the cover the instructions Section and Troubleshooting of this cover with each If with the high the to the of the If or the Correction factors, of input and of input/1,000 and of input/1,000 The correction below the following to O, to operated that based
Reference BA the section to and O. correction factor: correction of Convert correction to of input correction of the correction to the This the corrected correction terms of with the of with the of the correction to the This the corrected and corrected outputs: There of of input reading associated with the correction. with systematic. the includes the and with the operating input input input Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount to both and the the input the If the include within its the or correction the or to the correcting the The following to the The from to O, with the to the with the or to Apply to both high and with the and the correction the reads the correction and the as outlined the correction the to the If, the correction and the the correction found to the To the the the reads the the that the the amount the reading. The O. The its when the operated and the associated with this correction, as this when the
Reference BA Rosemount Section OVERVIEW This section of operations the following TRANSMITTER The the operation of the OPERATION www.rosemountnuclear.com The Linearity and Protection The Linearity and Polarity Protection The Rosemount the the and the plates to Where: the C C C C
Reference BA Rosemount The C the the high and the C the the and the Where: the the the Where: the C and C Therefore: C C C C C C C C Leadwires Seals Plates Insulation
Reference BA SENSOR OSCILLATOR THE -CELL SENSOR through and to the of the The reference transmitted to the other of the DEMODULATOR The consists of that rectifies the from the to LINEARITY Linearity and The through this of the the ADJUSTMENT of the This correction that the to nonlinearity of as function of CURRENT DEMODULATOR DETECTOR OSC. CONTROL AMP. The of the the plates both of the The the and approximately The through roughly and The (the of the through to integrated amplifier. The through third directly to The and thermistor located the The of the thermistor located the housing. CURRENT LIMITER CURR. CONTROL AMP. VOLTAGE REGULATOR CURRENT CONTROL C C Rosemount SIGNAL REVERSE POLARITY PROTECTION TEST
Reference BA Rosemount OSCILLATOR The the of the and the inductance of the VOLTAGE REGULATOR The and to of the reference and the ZERO AND SPAN of and that that with the The ADJUSTMENTS switch switches the as CURRENT CONTROL The consists of integrated transistors, and associated The IC reference established the of The the to such that the back to the of the and the CURRENT LIMIT the from REVERSE POLARITY polarity protection. PROTECTION The Therefore, the about of integrated as feedback and the such that: with which the amount of which and back to the amplifier. C C
Reference BA Rosemount Section and Troubleshooting OVERVIEW This section the and reassembly, and troubleshooting www.rosemountnuclear.com Procedure Reassembly Procedure Assembly the and specifically referenced this to performance and Unauthorized procedures or the to life, or property. NOTE of traceability of the responsibility of the Notice and Notice the of this the Table of The Rosemount and of scheduled outlined Section should conducted to this factor the terminals further the three active physical the the board, and the board. of the the following procedures, parentheses to item the
Reference BA Rosemount SAFETY MESSAGES Instructions and this section to the of the people the operations. Information that indicated The following appear this section. TEST TERMINALS The terminals connected through which the The indicating or shunts the when connected to the as the the below the threshold through the To that there through the while reading or when connecting indicating the of the nection or should BOARD CHECKOUT NOTE parentheses to item only the procedures and specifically referenced this to performance and Unauthorized or the to life, or property. of If this to NOTE The Rosemount boards which You easily the boards and malfunction boards the If this tioning board, the board to Rosemount Inc. of traceability, becomes the responsibility of the the of unauthorized repairs. COMPONENT SIDE UP
Reference BA SENSING MODULE CHECKOUT NOTE parentheses to item The field-repairable and If such as or of the the following the header assembly as four of the housing You the from the housing and the header assembly board the the and the housing. This should than the wire. and the header assembly and NOTE The completely the If board the and other the Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount DISASSEMBLY PROCEDURE NOTE parentheses to item NOTE The Rosemount boards which of If this to contaminated, NOTE the Reassembly Procedure disassembly. testing and traceability required. the from service the four to scratch or the high and (H and L) reassembly. NOTE the from the they off when the the from its seat, as the Clean with and cleaning or to the with
Reference BA Rosemount Table Rosemount Housing Assembly Amplifier and Screws Screws Nameplate Screw Nameplate Screws C Rosemount C
Reference BA Rosemount Housing The terminals and terminals the cover the This as the The terminals permanently attached to the housing and from Housing REASSEMBLY PROCEDURE boards located as the from the the cover. Unscrew the the to the boards. cover wrench (RMT P/N from Rosemount to and the housing covers. the holding screws The header assembly permanently attached to the and the resistors. this board off the and the board about the the leads. This allows to the Disconnect the the and screws that their to the board. the board screw the the board and the board off the If of the and screws necessary, the and the the housing. Section and board as the Housing Section the Unscrew the from the housing, turning the header board and leads to them from twisted or The threaded and to the when the Then the header assembly through the The assembly and further NOTE parentheses to item NOTE The Rosemount boards which
Reference BA the whenever cover. Clean the with necessary, and lightly grease the with Corning Grease (Rosemount P/N or P/N the threads of the covers with (Rosemount P/N or necessary; covers sufficiently lubricated, Connecting the Housing to the Housing the and screw whenever the and screws Lightly grease Reassembly the with Corning Grease (Rosemount P/N or P/N the screws and with that the boards clean. that the the clean. If the the thread from the threads, and housing threads with the to the of the threads. Apply heavy, (about of 580-PST (RMT P/N around the top threads. the header assembly through the the of the housing. Screw the the housing that threads to or the leads. Turn the header to twisting wires. the with the high and oriented the one-half further to the of the about the housing. the to off the assembled F C) hours to the the and screws with the the and the the the header assembly board the with the the the board, to the the and with holding screws of the cover and to (Preliminary the and with screws Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount the with the Reassembly the of the high (H) of the the the of the the of the or as shown to the or the On and the (L) of the If each and the If the reassemble with the high the to each other and to the the four (and four washers and the seat the the housing, using wrench as specified through to the and to C and to the and B. the C and D. and to of to the expected operating and high-line to the expected operating Each the of and washers the to of the and of washers from existing and/or that the the re-assembled. Rosemount Inc. there
Reference BA POST ASSEMBLY TESTS Conduct testing to of or whichever ITEM(S) TO BE TORQUED TORQUE VALUE TOLERANCE Bracket to Mounting to Bracket Instructions to or of Reassembly Screws or tight in-lb Amplifier Screws in-lb Table Troubleshooting. Symptom Source Corrective Action High or that the the section of this Conduct cleaning to of or locking or that of unchanged. that and the clean. If the suspect, board trying boards. board. section. The field and found to Procedure instructions disassembly. such as or and Rosemount Inc. the supply the Next Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount Symptom Source Corrective Action or or that to the or to the to the the rating of the supply the shorts and grounds. polarity the insulation to shorts to ground. that the correct. or the that and that tightly closed. that of the the unchanged. that allowable shorts leads. clean, and the If the suspect, housing. board trying boards. board. NOTE: section. The field and found to Procedure instructions disassembly. such as or and Rosemount Inc. the supply the to the or to the to the shorts, or grounds. and or shorts or that and clean and properly connected. boards trying boards. board. supply
Reference BA Rosemount Section Specifications and Reference NUCLEAR Qualified IEEE and IEEE as stated Rosemount D8400102. SPECIFICATIONS www.rosemountnuclear.com Specifications Performance Specifications Functional Specifications Physical Specifications Information Shelf Notice within of of and to TID the the following to TID and TID of operation of of within of with ZPA of of Steam within of and to the following and with the first F C), F C), F C), hours F C), hours of of Chemical boric thiosulfate, and to of and from to Chemical sprayed of gal/min/ft
Reference BA Rosemount Qualified PERFORMANCE Based reference SPECIFICATIONS DBE reference within of following DBE. Quality with NQA-1, 10CFR50 B, and ISO Cleaning To Testing To of or MPA), whichever Traceability with NQA-1, 10CFR50 B; and physical of Qualified The the of and boards the of their of the to the life. Rosemount D8400102 of includes combined of linearity, and repeatability Qualified (Years) (F) Qualified
Reference BA of months of F C) F C) Effect Rosemount 1154DP: Effect of Rosemount 1154HP: Effect of Rosemount 1154GP: Effect of Effect of of of of of of of of Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount FUNCTIONAL Service SPECIFICATIONS Static Effect Rosemount 1154DP: Static Effect of of Rosemount 1154HP: Static Effect of Static Effect Effect systematic and installation. Correction of input reading/1,000 than of other than the to the Mounting of to which F C) as follows: others seconds or through option. or as shown D8400102 seconds or
Reference BA and Continuously externally and of of of of and such that neither the the or of the Normal operating to F to C) Qualified to F to C) (NEMA 4X) than Turn-on seconds Rosemount 1154DP and 1154HP: Rosemount 1154GP: as Rosemount 1154DP Working Rosemount 1154DP and 1154HP: Static Rosemount 1154GP: to to to to to to to to to to (DP only) to to to to Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount PHYSICAL of Construction SPECIFICATIONS Static and Rosemount 1154DP: to to rated within specifications; without to the Rosemount 1154HP: to to rated within specifications; without to the Rosemount 1154GP: within specifications from to without to the 316L SST SST CF-8M of SST) 316L SST Housing and Plated as ASTM A540 Housing: SST Mounting 316L SST Mounting (Bracket to SAE J429 or
Reference BA NPT with screw terminals SST NPT optional) including mounting Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount Table Specifications. Applications, IEEE and IEEE DP HP GP Static Static to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Option and NPT and NPT and supplied) One Option and One Remote One Option and One Remote One Option C and One Seal Remote Seals Both and and NPT One Option and One Remote One Option and One C Typical DP The Rosemount with with This option specified N0037 to the of the 1154DP4RA N0037 Customer responsibility interfaces these options. Rosemount Inc. ORDERING INFORMATION Rosemount 1154DP PRESSURE RANGES F Rosemount 1154HP Rosemount 1154GP
Reference BA Table Rosemount 1154DP, 1154HP, and 1154GP Traceable Quantity Item Rosemount 1154DP Amplifier Cir. Board, Cir. Board, Amplifier Cir. with Cir. with SST Housing, SST SST Cover Wrench Hollow Screw Screw each) NPT NPT/18 NPT SST and Seat SST Screw Screw Screw Cover each) each) SST each) D.C. D.C. 580-PST Thread Cover NOTE includes SST C C Next Rosemount Rosemount 1154HP Rosemount 1154GP
Reference BA Rosemount Traceable Item Rosemount 1154DP Assembly Screw Nameplate Screw and of of of Mounting Bracket with Universal Mounting Bracket with and Washers Bracket of Mount Bracket Mount Bracket (Bracket and (M22) Elbow NPT) Amplifier Board, R, N0026 Rosemount recommends or every A, or B, and or every C. and type. the of and washers the it to of the and of washers from existing and/or that the the re-assembled. Rosemount Inc. there with existing N0026 only. Rosemount 1154HP Rosemount 1154GP
Reference BA SPARE PARTS SHELF and with ANSI N45.2.2 B. LIFE IMPORTANT NOTICE There factors to concerning of and traceability of the these Rosemount Inc. the assembly of the to that the Since the the Rosemount Inc. to that the specifications satisfied. 10CFR21, which the These regulations traceability which the the of this, and to the of the the that with the Rosemount Inc. and Qualified boards, the (as D8400102) the to the typical of the years) when the below F. and sealant: The of the of with the and/or the of The of months the of other Shelf NOTES: Rosemount tested or cleaned. shown from those currently supplied. The shown the of of this the and interchangeable with those as to the and function of the required. Please accordingly. Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount
Reference BA BOARD CHECKOUT C Connecting Housing to Connectors, Correction CORRECTION FOR HIGH LINE PRESSURE DISASSEMBLY PROCEDURE Procedure Considerations Grounding Housing Housing Reassembly ELECTRICAL INSTALLATION Rosemount 1154DP Flow FUNCTIONAL SPECIFICATIONS Grounding HIGH LINE PRESSURE Housing grounding Installation, Installation, Mechanical Introduction Linearity Mounting location Specifications Operation Linearity Protection The and ORDERING INFORMATION PERFORMANCE SPECIFICATIONS Physical Specifications POST-ASSEMBLY TESTS and Rosemount Connectors Reassembly from Housing Polarity Protection terminals Shelf information about The References Specifications screws Traceability Troubleshooting and Index-1
Reference BA Rosemount Index-2
The Emerson and service of Emerson Rosemount, the Rosemount and of Rosemount, Inc. of Rosemount, Inc. of Emerson Rosemount Inc. MN USA 00809-XXXX-XXXX www.rosemountnuclear.com Rosemount Inc. obligations from legislation to the Union. Reference BA