P/N C November Motion and
Motion, Inc. rights ELITE and and MVD and MVD Direct of Motion, Inc., Motion of Motion, Inc., The Motion and Emerson and service of Emerson other property of their respective owners.
Chapter You This chapter to the of this This the to the following and or with outputs option board or with intrinsically outputs option with input/outputs option board with OUNDATION fieldbus option with PROFIBUS-PA option board If know what Section instructions the type from the the information or the throughout this to and each proceeding to the information about applications, to the shipped with the or from the Motion or death. or Follow instructions to correctly. WARNING WARNING CAUTION You the
You The or Motion Other The which functions The which memory and type, type, and option To the type, type, and option board. This section information this information. The below match the that to the which attached to the of the The fifth character the the type that information type, The character the the option board. The characters the options that The following of the to type, type, and type: with option assembly with intrinsically option Motion and of the of the installation) mounted C assembly installation) with with option board RS-485) with input/outputs option board, C with input/outputs option board, with intrinsically option with intrinsically (FISCO OUNDATION option board with (FNICO OUNDATION option with PROFIBUS-PA option
You To the the following required: the Chapter the to the Chapter the outputs: Flowmeter other information. obtained PDF from the Motion (www.micromotion.com/documentation). Topic shipped with Core mounted This from and and and troubleshooting or Chapter or intrinsically Chapter I/O Chapter OUNDATION and PROFIBUS-PA and and or with OUNDATION and or with PROFIBUS-PA and You the
You Motion service technical phone the Motion Customer Service the U.S.A., phone 800-522-MASS free) and (U.S.A.) Customers the U.S.A. Motion service Motion and phone other locations, phone the U.K., (toll-free) other locations, (The
the This chapter to Motion and The following required: the location of the and other Section Mount the Section Mount the Section Ground the Section to the Section the and the Section architecture match of the architectures shown and grounding this architecture. type should with the installation type specified Section You the
the with Motion and Core Junction Junction Core Core Core
the location To location the the of the and location of and of the the with The include humidity, and the where and F and C). If the location that to sunlight. apply when the to the shipped with the or the Motion the where and F C). The IEC to If to mount the that the the attached to the housing. that the and the the information about and Section A.2. the to AC or DC The the AC If using AC the following apply: VAC typical, You the
the DC These Connecting to should If DC the following apply: VDC typical, At the of of and of the to VDC the of To the to and the following as Table Typical C) /foot AWG AWG /foot /foot AWG AWG /foot These include the of both high and conductors The mounted from DC supply. If to AWG the the DC as follows: Motion and 18V CableLength 18V CableLength 0.5A 18V ohms/ft 0.5A 19.4V
the This apply to installations other the type and the type. to then type Motion Not Motion Not User-supplied (VDC) AWG AWG or wires (RS-485) Accessibility that the mounted location and that allow easy to the terminals and to the Mounting the You mount the as as the and upward. If mount the that there least clearance the of the housing to to the and A. or the the and or To reduce the of or the of and Grease the the housing or housing and closed. mount the with the upward. or the the cover. AWG AWG CAUTION You the
the installations If chose there mounting instructions the You integrally mounted to to of four the base. the To the the each of the four screws that the to the base. the counter-clockwise that the screws the Gently the straight from the screws. or the wires that the to the the to the and the with the screws. or the wires. Gently the the base, the screws the the clockwise that the screws the Tighten the screws, to to to Motion and Transition screws the that the to the or To reduce the of the wires, the than inches from the reassembling the that the wires or pinched the housing. CAUTION Core
the or with installations If chose the or the with of the mounting with the Both mounting and mounting shown. that the mounted and oriented that allow easy to the and to the Wall mount or mount Mounting Mounting mount) mount) To mount the the shown A. If the the the mounting to or mount, user-supplied Motion to required. the the To reduce the of the allow the to the from the housing. each of the four screws the housing. the that the oriented as the screws, to to to the CAUTION If clearance the of the You the
the or with Mounting screws Junction installations If chose of the mounting with the assembly. that the mounted and oriented that allow easy to the terminals and to the Wall mount or mount Mounting mount) Motion and screw Mounting mount) If clearance the of the Junction housing
the To mount the assembly: the shown A. If the the the mounting to or mount, user-supplied required. Motion to required. assembly Core housing Mounting the This with installations If installation, installation, or installation, to Section If chose the with of the mounting with the Both mounting and mounting shown. each of the four screws the that the oriented as Tighten the screws, to to to Core End-cap Mounting screws You the
the Wall mount or mount Mounting mount) To mount the the shown A. If the housing the the mounting to or mount, user-supplied required. Motion to required. Remote End-cap Mounting Motion and each of the four screws the that the oriented as Tighten the screws, to to to Mounting mount) Core screws Core housing
the Grounding the Grounding the type Grounding each If follow these grounding wire, AWG or grounding. ground leads as as than ground leads directly to earth, or follow Table Grounding architecture Grounding ground to the internal or ground screw. assembly Remote with grounding To reduce the of Ground the to earth, or follow ground the facility. that to Motion shipped with the or from the Motion installations to EN apply. to using the internal or ground screw. to the assembly internal or ground screw, or the internal ground screw. Core to the internal or ground screw. Ground to the internal or ground screw. CAUTION You the
the Supplying installations, to the to Section information the supply user-supplied switch the supply with 2006/95/EC installations), switch to the required. the supply to terminals and the Warning the and the the supply the ground, the Warning the supply Rotating the If the the to Motion and Warning the cover atmospheres while the To reduce the of the atmospheres, to off the and ground WARNING
the To the follow the instructions below: the the the screw. Turn the cover counterclockwise to from the (and necessary) the screws while holding the the of the the terminals from the The of the board with the If this the and them. the to the the terminals the to the its If the screws, them with the the then and them. the cover the Turn the cover clockwise the and the screw. to the cloth to the cover which atmosphere. To reduce the of cloth to clean the cover atmosphere. WARNING You the
the Motion and terminals screws End-cap screw
Chapter the to the This chapter to Motion and to Motion If installation, this required. with the the and the type If installation, the information Section then follow the instructions Section If the information Section then follow the instructions Section If with installation, the information both and Section then follow the instructions Section This section the of and that the to the with of or or To reduce the of or or from such as motors, and which CAUTION You the
the to the Motion offers of shielded and armored. Both shield wires. User-supplied the following Twisted The as Table The the the shipped with the or the Motion Motion offers three of shielded, and armored. to Motions Flowmeter Preparation and of these and selecting the installation. installations To the follow the below. the as the the to the as the To the to the and Motion and the wires the The Motion consists of of AWG wires and which should the VDC and of AWG wires and white), which should the RS-485 the four wires from the to terminals the of the and ground the shield, or wire(s) the Core terminals length: Table VDC+ (Red) VDC RS-485A (white) RS-485B User-supplied or factory-supplied VDC+ VDC RS-485A RS-485B
the to the and Core length: VDC+ (Red) VDC to the wires from through the and them to the RS-485B RS-485A (White) User-supplied or factory-supplied VDC+ VDC RS-485A RS-485B Match as shown and You the
the to the installations If chose to the the to the the assembly. To the follow the below: to Motions Flowmeter Preparation and instructions shielding and To the wires, to Motions Preparation and and follow the instructions with MVD Additional information connecting the wires the below: and the Motion and Allowing the shield wires to the allow the shield wires to the At the follow the instructions type. At the follow the instructions type with MVD the shown the the through the the wires to the with the the the the from Core CAUTION Black from White and screw Black Mounting screw White
the to the of grease then the housing and and screws. with This includes the to the the to the the to the of the following to shield the from the to the If using the shield (the the to the ground screw the ground to the mounting screw. ground the shield wires the If shielded or armored Ground the shield (the wire) only the to the ground screw the ground to the mounting screw. ground the shield wires the Ground the both terminating the the wires that the to the or To reduce the of or when closing the housings the and that the wires caught or pinched. If that termination shielding the to If user-supplied with shielded or armored terminate the shields the both the armored and the shield the to If Motion-supplied the housing: to to the to the the and apply shielded heat to the The shielded heat shield termination the when using whose shield consists of and Proceed to With armored where the shield consists of the as below, apply heat Proceed to CAUTION You the
the to the Used with NPT Used with the from the housing. the and the the Motion and heat the housing, shielded as follows armored and Motion and heat inches of the clear that the and the the wires. the shield or and wires from the insulated wires, inch of or exposed, and the wires. the shield wire(s) around the off the wire. NPT or M20 Used with
the to the the shield wires Applying the heat Folding the cloth shield the shielded heat the shield wire(s). The should completely cover the wires. Without burning the apply heat F or C) to the the with the heat the cloth shield or and wires the and approximately inch the the the housing You the
the to the and housing the wires through the and the the the wires the The Motion consists of of AWG wires and which should the VDC and of AWG wires and white), which should the RS-485 the four wires to the the matching terminals the Connecting the wires the and the housing cover. Motion and supply wire) supply RS-485A (White wire) (Black wire) Core housing internal ground screw to earth ground grounded and ground to internally) shield wires to this the the the CAUTION RS-485B wire)
the to the At the the four wires from the to terminals the of the ground the shield, or shield wire(s) the to the to the to Motions Flowmeter Preparation and instructions shielding and To the wires, to Motions Preparation and and follow the instructions with MVD Additional information the wires the below: and the Allowing the shield wires to the allow the shield wires to the At the follow the instructions type. At the follow the instructions type with MVD the shown the the through the the wires to the with the the the the from Core CAUTION Black from White and screw Black Mounting screw You the White
the to the of grease then the housing and and screws. Motion and If Ground the shield wires (the wire) the to the ground screw the ground to the mounting screw. ground the the If using shielded or armored Ground the shield wires (the the connecting to the ground screw the ground to the mounting screw. ground the the the both terminating the the wires that the to the or To reduce the of or when closing the housings the and that the wires caught or pinched. CAUTION
This chapter to outputs or with the option (output option A). If what option Section It the responsibility to that the the and and terminals and Table the and the or and type type Communication RS-485 RS-485 HART The the the functionality and the HART or This chapter shows the the (terminals and and the (terminals and shows the the (terminals and HART to the shows the RS-485 using the RS-485 and shows the the to HART HART You the
If the to or the to HART You or HART It the responsibility to that the the and and VDC Motion and
HART RS-485 Other The RS-485 wires shielded. RS-485A RS-485B HART- or You You You You the the the the
HART with SMART FAMILY and HART-compatible or Motion and SMART FAMILY HART the single-point-grounded to ground. or VDC supply
Chapter Intrinsically This chapter to or with the intrinsically option board option D). If know what option board Section Intrinsically that the terminals connected to supply. The instructions include and The to externally whether the or This chapter Section the the Section the the It the responsibility to that the the and and terminals and the and the or intrinsically and type type Communication Not The the If the to or the to HART You or HART HART Intrinsically I/O Specifications
Intrinsically The following and to as the or applications. The following of the or and secondary This shows the which secondary If using the the secondary basic Motion and VDC VDC and
Intrinsically and (V supply If with HART, of and VDC HART- or OPERATING REGION VDC Intrinsically I/O Specifications
Intrinsically HART with SMART FAMILY and or HART the single-point-grounded to ground. The following of basic the or the Counter and Motion and HART-compatible SMART FAMILY VDC or I.S. VDC supply HART
Intrinsically The following and to as the or applications. The selection what which and The information that about I.S. selection as to information the of their products. Application-specific should to the or to Motion. (V supply (V supply supply than or death. To reduce the of off the the OPERATING REGION VDC WARNING Intrinsically I/O Specifications
Intrinsically Table (U (I (P (C Inductance (L The or the selected to to than VDC VDC). This the of the (typically VDC) VDC HART when the The or the selected short-circuit to to than the and the The of the or F. This to the than the allowable specified the I.S. the following to the of the the and the Ci inductance The inductance of the or This the field inductance than the allowable inductance specified the I.S. The following then to the the and the Motion and that improperly wired or To reduce the of the wired to or the that with the the A. WARNING
Intrinsically of the or the The following of the or the The that internal The with ON OFF and should together to the to Intrinsically I/O Specifications Ground
Intrinsically with Motion and supply and should together to the to COUNTER COUNTER Ground
Chapter I/O This chapter to with the input/outputs board option or C). If know what option Section the The options shown Table and If as or to or C to or of its that the the The instructions include and that the terminals connected to supply. The instructions include and The active and to internally and externally It the responsibility to that the the and and The terminals three and A, B, and C. and terminals and and C terminals and assignments Table and each and the options each You HART or II software to To the and and You the following C If both and the following: C information, the and and Intrinsically I/O Specifications
I/O options with C The the You to the outputs when to from the that to the first electrically isolated of I/O terminals and A) only HART and B) or FO or DO1 internal only FO or DO internal or and C) FO or DO2 or DI internal or FO DO DI input The following of the and secondary The following options shown: HART If the to or the to HART You or HART Motion and or or or input or or
I/O HART HART- or Intrinsically I/O Specifications
I/O HART with SMART FAMILY and HART-compatible or whether terminals and B) or terminals and C), and whether the terminals internal or The following of these B, internal B, C, internal C, If both and C the C from the with user-specified phase The isolated This to and information, the and and Motion and HART-compatible SMART FAMILY I/O (internally HART the single-point-grounded to ground. VDC HART
I/O B) B) VDC Counter VDC recommended supply the VDC input. than Counter CAUTION Intrinsically I/O Specifications
I/O C) C) VDC to recommended Motion and VDC the VDC input. than Counter Counter CAUTION
I/O (DO) whether terminals and B) or terminals and C), and whether the terminals internal or The following of these B, internal B, C, internal C, B) information. output B) recommended supply or DC relay VDC the VDC input. than CAUTION Intrinsically I/O Specifications
I/O Terminals C) C) recommended supply Motion and or DC relay VDC the VDC input. than CAUTION
I/O B) High C) High VDC VDC Intrinsically I/O Specifications
I/O Recommended supply input input whether terminals and C) or The following of these If PLC or other or DC input. input VDC High Motion and to relay, choose to to than Recommended
I/O input C) Switch input C) PLC or other OR VDC Direct DC input Table Intrinsically I/O Specifications
Motion and
Chapter OUNDATION and PROFIBUS-PA This chapter to with the OUNDATION and PROFIBUS-PA boards option E, N, or G). If what option board Section It the responsibility to that the the and and OUNDATION the to the to the Follow regulations. The FISCO or FNICO Section A.1.1). required. to the OUNDATION Connecting the supply to OUNDATION through used. The terminals and polarity OUNDATION OUNDATION Intrinsically I/O Specifications
OUNDATION FIELDBUS and PROFIBUS-PA PROFIBUS-PA the to the PROFIBUS-PA to the Follow The FISCO Section A.1.1. Connecting the PROFIBUS-PA wires to PROFIBUS-PA PROFIBUS-PA and published PNO Motion and supply through used. The PROFIBUS and polarity If intrinsically the PROFIBUS-PA and published PNO. PROFIBUS-PA PROFIBUS-PA and published PNO
Specifications A.1 Functional specifications The or functional specifications Input/output supply EMC A.1.1 The or three of terminals The with option of terminals or HART RS-485) On the with OUNDATION or PROFIBUS-PA, terminals used. Screw terminals or conductors, to AWG to or or conductors, to AWG to The of terminals the One of terminals AC or DC One ground power-supply ground Screw terminals or conductors, to AWG to or or stranded conductors, to AWG to Service The temporary to the service Intrinsically I/O Specifications
Specifications Core The of terminals the to the One the RS-485 One to to the or conductors, to AWG to FISCO and FNICO with OUNDATION fieldbus and PROFIBUS-PA FISCO or FNICO their with (intrinsically OUNDATION fieldbus) or (PROFIBUS-PA) FISCO with the following with OUNDATION fieldbus) FNICO A.1.2 Input/output from intrinsically intrinsically with and intrinsically with used) Remote with with non-intrinsically outputs option board option A) One output Not intrinsically Internally (active) Isolated to VDC from other outputs and earth ground or flow; flow, flow, or with the (API) or and reference Linear with from to NAMUR NE43 Motion and Ci Core intrinsically with and intrinsically with used) intrinsically
Specifications One or Not intrinsically Internally (active) VDC with internal only): with intrinsically option option D) Intrinsically Externally Isolated to VDC from other and earth ground input VDC, or flow; flow, flow, or with the (API) or flow and reference Linear with from to NAMUR NE43 following chart Can to or reports the flow as the from Scalable to Linear with to polarity: active high or active Can or flow switch, or polarity: active high or active Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically I/O I/O I/O I/O Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Specifications One or Intrinsically Externally input VDC, Motion and (V supply *If with HART of and supply Can to flow or the as the from Scalable to Linear with flow to polarity: active high or active following chart
Specifications only): with non-intrinsically input/outputs option board option or C) One or as Not intrinsically Internally (active) Isolated to VDC from other and earth ground Can flow, flow, or with the (API) or and reference Linear with from to NAMUR NE43 (V supply *R (V supply supply Can or flow switch, or polarity: active high or active Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically I/O I/O I/O I/O Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Specifications One or and C as If both Not intrinsically internal or (active or to Can or which to or Linear with flow to polarity: active high or active One or outputs: and C as Can flow switch, or internal or (active or polarity: active high or active One input: C as input Not intrinsically internal or Can to corrected or with intrinsically OUNDATION outputs option board option E) One OUNDATION H1 Motion and The function as which reports electrically isolated C phase-shifted or from the B, or the to If internally VDC internal If externally VDC to VDC If internally VDC internal If externally VDC to VDC VDC, VDC OUNDATION intrinsically with intrinsically supply Manchester-encoded conforms to IEC
Specifications with OUNDATION fieldbus option option N) One OUNDATION H1 with PROFIBUS-PA option board option G) One PROFIBUS-PA A.1.3 the following Service One service temporary RS-485 RTU the and interface with and to HART/RS485 or with option only) One of terminals RS-485 Can to HART or rates and OUNDATION or PROFIBUS-PA One of terminals OUNDATION or PROFIBUS-PA and function OUNDATION or PROFIBUS OUNDATION Manchester-encoded conforms to IEC PROFIBUS-PA intrinsically with intrinsically PROFIBUS-PA supply Manchester-encoded conforms to IEC Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically I/O I/O I/O I/O Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Specifications A.1.4 supply The supply: self-switching AC/DC input with 2006/95/EC EN (IEC with II, IEC AC to VAC, typical, DC to VDC, typical, At of of of the input terminals VDC with of AWG supply A.1.5 Operation: to F to C) to F to C) and become to read, below F C). F C), of If the location that to sunlight. apply when the to the shipped with the or the Motion and F C) The IEC to A.1.6 On of C A.1.7 EMC The with the following EMI NAMUR NE21 with the of when VDC with EMC 2004/108/EC EN Motion and
Specifications A.2 The classifications, which the this section. A.2.1 UL and CSA to to F to C) UL to to F to C) CSA Class I, C and D. Class II, E, F, and (when with Class I, A, B, C, and D. Class I, A, B, C, and D; or intrinsically Class I, C and or Class II, E, F, and G. A.2.2 ATEX and to below F C) ATEX and Table A-1 the each option. Table A-1 ATEX and option ATEX OUNDATION fieldbus, and I/O options A, N, B, and C) Intrinsically intrinsically OUNDATION fieldbus, and PROFIBUS-PA options D, E, and G) Flameproof when with With IIB+H2 T5 IIB+H2 T5 Without IIC T5 IIC T5 Increased when with With IIB+H2 T5 IIB+H2 T5 Without IIC T5 IIC T5 Flameproof when with With IIB+H2 T5 IIB+H2 T5 Without IIC T5 IIC T5 Increased when with With IIB+H2 T5 IIB+H2 T5 Without IIC T5 IIC T5 Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically I/O I/O I/O I/O Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Specifications A.3 Performance specifications performance specifications, to the specifications. A.4 Physical The physical of the Housing Mounting Interface/display (optional) A.4.1 Housing NEMA 4X (IP67) painted housing. terminals and service-port The terminals physically from the and service-port The and the The the terminals to the the Screw-terminal housing chassis ground. NPT or M20 A.4.2 Mounting integrally mounted to Motion or remote-mount Remote-mount include mounting and or the and the from other the type and type, as A-2. The rotated the or the mounting to Table A-2 type Motion Not Motion Not User-supplied (VDC) AWG AWG or wires (RS-485) Motion and AWG AWG
Specifications A.4.3 Interface/display The with or without The characteristics of the as follows: with LCD with and LED To mounting the the A.4.4 the of mounted integrally with to the specifications. The With Without The assembly With Without A.4.5 A-1 through A-5 the of the or with and without the assembly with and without and the of integrally mounted and to the LCD the of through switches that operated through the with LED to that the Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically I/O I/O I/O I/O Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Specifications A-1 with inches These apply to the installations or with installations. Motion and NPT or M20 3/8 Wall mount To of mount) To 1/2NPT or M20
Specifications A-2 without inches These apply to the installations or with installations. NPT or M20 3/8 Wall mount To of mount) To 1/2NPT or M20 Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically I/O I/O I/O I/O Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Specifications A-3 assembly with inches These apply to the assembly installations. Motion and NPT or M20 3/8 To of mount) NPT 4
Specifications A-4 assembly without inches These apply to the assembly installations. NPT or M20 3/8 NPT To of mount) 4 Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically Intrinsically I/O I/O I/O I/O Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Specifications A-5 Remote inches 3/8 These apply to the with installations. Motion and 4 To of mount Wall mount NPT NPT or M20