Reference P/N (MVD) or Instructions technical the the U.S.A., phone 1-800-522-MASS and America, phone the U.K., (toll-free) the U.K., phone
BEFORE YOU BEGIN This reference the Motion MVD platform. information I.S. to Motion instructions about and service, to the instruction shipped with the Motion, Inc. rights Motion of Motion, Inc. The Motion and Emerson of Emerson other property of their respective owners. information about applications, to Motion shipped with the or from the Motion or death. and supplying or Follow instructions to correctly. WARNING WARNING CAUTION
This Motion with when properly with the instructions this reference to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com/atex or through Motion The includes the shown Field-mount oriented washer Mounting washer
STEP Choosing location Choose location the based the below. the to specified to F to C) and of To and attached to the housing Clean them as often as necessary. that or worn. location of the that with the rating the WARNING
5/16-inch Mounting rotated as top inches cover rotated as 1/16-inch clearance of boards
inches NPT or M20 6H from the to the the type and type: then to Table of the Remote with then to of the and the If the peripheral with the from the to the input ground Mounting
Core or Remote with Junction type Motion Not Motion Not User-supplied AWG wires (VDC) (RS-485) AWG or from FO to FI to the when input from Motion such as IFT9701 or RFT9739. AWG AWG Not Core only)
STEP ATEX If the ATEX thread protectors from factory-supplied or user-supplied that that STEP the (optional) The oriented the mounting as and the cover rotated the To the the four mounting wrench, the to of To the cover, the intrinsically cover non-intrinsically input/output right
STEP Mounting the platform Mounting to Mount four to the If mounting washers to the to beams, which Mounting to inch (user-supplied) 5/16-inch or M8 (user-supplied) 5/16-inch 2-inch (user-supplied)
STEP Mounting the This with installations If to shows the and mounting the mounting mount the location with the Remote Mounting STEP Connecting input and shows the location of the terminals the flat-head screwdriver, the four screws that the cover to the housing. input/output to the terminals the to and to the to the back of the cover (shown to AWG to twisted-pair shielded wire. Ground the shields only. If than wires connected to or to the wires. Core Core End-cap
terminals with Intrinsically terminals Should closed while terminals Input/output terminals HART Secondary input input input (B (A RS-485 board Non-intrinsically input/output terminals supply ground input/output terminals
(L or L2) (N or L1) STEP Connecting the to the If the peripheral, this to To the to Motion follow the instructions this section. with AC supply with DC supply
options The wired to the of the following and instructions installations Remote with both and and instructions with instructions installations the as the the to the as the To the to the the wires the The Motion consists of of AWG wires and which should the VDC and of AWG and white), which should the RS-485 the four wires from the to the terminals the Table and or wires should exposed. ground the shield or wire(s) the Table terminals VDC+ Black VDC White RS-485A RS-485B apply only to Motion. Function
to Core terminals VDC+ (Red) VDC (Black) to Core terminals RS-485B RS-485A (White) RS-485A (White) RS-485B VDC VDC+ (Red) length: User-supplied or factory-supplied length: Table User-supplied or factory-supplied RS-485B RS-485A (White) VDC VDC+ (Red) RS-485B RS-485A (White) VDC VDC+ (Red)
instructions with There phases to this the to the the to the To the to the of the following to shield the If that termination shielding the to If user-supplied with shielded or armored terminate the shields the gland. both the armored and the shield wires the to If Motion-supplied the housing: If shielded the and apply shielded heat as The shielded heat shield termination the when using whose shield consists of and to If armored the as apply heat and to the shown the the and the the
the housing, shielded as follows armored inches of the clear that the and the the wires. the shield that around the insulated wires, leaving inch of or and exposed, and the wires. the shield wire(s) around the off the wire. the shielded heat the exposed shield wire(s). The should completely the wires. Without burning the apply heat F or C) to the heat wire(s) wrapped around shield
the with the heat the cloth shield or and wires the and approximately inch the the the housing the wires through the and the the the wires the The Motion consists of of AWG wires and which should the VDC and of AWG and white), which should the RS-485 the four wires to the the heat completely covers wires
Core housing internal ground screw to earth ground grounded and ground to internally) shield wires to this and the To the to the the four wires from the to the terminals the and wires should exposed. ground the shield or wire(s) the To the to the supply wire) Twisting the the the Allowing the shield wires to the allow the shield wires to the supply (Black wire) WARNING CAUTION RS-485B wire) RS-485A (White wire)
to Motions Flowmeter Preparation and instructions shielding and At the follow the instructions type. At the follow the instructions type with MVD To the wires, to Motions Flowmeter Preparation and and follow the instructions with MVD Additional information connecting the wires the below: the shown the the through the the wires to the with the the the the to from Core the If the shield wires (the wire) the to the ground screw the ground to the mounting screw. ground the the Black from White Yellow screw Black and Mounting screw White
If shielded or armored Ground the shield wires (the wire) the connecting to the ground screw the ground to the mounting screw. ground the the Ground the both terminating the of grease then the housing and and screws. STEP Connecting supply the wires that the to the or To reduce the of or when closing the housings the and that the wires caught or pinched. or To or supply the or as input/output off supply the platform. supply matches that indicated CAUTION CAUTION
the to supply as follows: to AWG to wire. flat-head screwdriver, the screws that the cover to the housing. the as follows: the ground to the screw supply ground; the supply ground directly to earth ground. ground leads as as Ground than wires to terminals and the and the and the screws. user-supplied switch the supply with 73/23/EEC installations), switch to the
Motion, Inc. rights P/N the www.micromotion.com Motion Inc. USA Worldwide Headquarters Circle Motion Emerson The Motion United Emerson Bredbury SK6 2SU U.K. Motion Emerson of Motion Emerson NF 5F