Instruction P/N March Motion Motion IFT9701 with Optional Instruction TM
Motion IFT9701 with Optional Instruction technical to the EXPERT www.expert2.com. To to service the U.S.A., phone 1-800-522-MASS and phone the U.K., phone (toll-free) the U.K., phone Motion, Inc. rights Motion of Motion, Inc. The Motion and Emerson of Emerson other property of their respective owners.
Chapter You About this installations. Definitions Flowmeter Chapter Started. Safety, reliability, and mounting humidity, and of ATEX Security the board cover. Chapter Remotely Mounting the the location Mounting the mounting mounting Connecting the to the to Chapter and supply connected to Communication connected to IFT9701 Instruction
Customer service procedures LED Optional and characterization Chapter with HART HART Flow Flow Flow Characterization Chapter with II Software HART Flow Characterization Troubleshooting. Customer service LED Optional LCD supply. and IFT9701 Instruction
IFT9701 Specifications A.1 Performance A.2 Functional specifications. A.2.1 A.2.2 (optional) A.2.3 Low-flow A.2.4 A.2.5 A.2.6 indication. A.2.7 testing. A.2.8 supply options. A.3 A.3.1 A.3.2 A.3.3 Humidity A.3.4 A.4 A.5 A.6 A.7 A.8 HART C the Optional D.1 D.2 New and D.3 Used IFT9701 Instruction
IFT9701 Instruction
Chapter You About this This instruction to and troubleshoot the Motion IFT9701 with Motion flow information about the the instruction throughout this to and each proceeding to the IFT9701 Instruction information about to Motion ATEX, CSA, or UL instructions, shipped with the or from the Motion or death. or Follow instructions to correctly. WARNING WARNING CAUTION You Started Mounting the Remote and
You installations This Motion with when properly with the instructions this to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com/atex or through Motion Definitions The to Motion only. The to IFT9701 and as The IFT9701 integrally mounted to Motion or mounted from ELITE D, or DL The IFT9701 with Motion or D600 or DT If the integrally mounted to the the includes the shown If the mounted from the the includes the shown The with optional (LCD), as shown and ATEX areas. Integrally mounted IFT9701 with With optional LCD 4X M8 mounting 4X washer 4X washer To then to IFT9701 Instruction ground IFT9701
You Remotely mounted IFT9701 IFT9701 4X M8 mounting 4X washer 4X washer To then to of or If used, IFT9701 Instruction With optional LCD normally Mounting user-supplied To instructions shipped with to You Started Mounting the Remote and
IFT9701 Instruction
Started Safety, reliability, If to mount the that and the information about classifications, Section A.8. the location of the IFT9701 Instruction the that with the specified the intrinsically installations, this with Motion ATEX, CSA, or UL instructions. installations to EN apply. WARNING You Started Mounting the Remote and
Started Location of and mounting the and easily To the the or the mounting the four mounting assembly includes M8 washer, and washer. the the then the to of If the integrally mounted to Motion the and and the instruction that shipped with the information about mounting and location. If the remotely mounted, the to the to the mounting the to or that the Chapter information about humidity, and the to specified Humidity: to IEC IFT9701 Instruction without optional LCD: to F to C) with optional LCD: to F to C)
Started of and attached to the housing Clean or them as necessary. ATEX If the ATEX as shown The rated (intrinsically and The field rated (increased and should closed when The rated (flameproof), and should closed the If the ATEX as flameproof, the shown The and rotated the cover IFT9701 Instruction The board rated (flameproof), and should closed the To of atmosphere: that to shows the location of the the housing. off and least board) cover. the (field and board) WARNING You Started Mounting the and
Started Compartment and otherwise specified the the and If to the should the To security and the board cover. If the ATEX as flameproof, the The and rotated the IFT9701 Instruction of the If the cover of the board Apply steady to the the housing. Chipped of the housing. If becomes chipped, repaint the housing. apply too the or To wear wrist while Rated and board CAUTION board Rated Rated
Started Security The security the to write-protect the HART With the security OFF, the With the security ON, the The OFF. To the security The to or Downscale: The to the to The output to the to The LED ON four second, whether the or The downscale. To the location and IFT9701 Instruction With standoff beneath Downscale Security OFF Optional With standoff beneath Security OFF Security ON Downscale Security ON You Started Mounting the Remote and
Started the board cover To the of the Screw the cover back the housing. the cover the If the board as shown the and the (5/32-inch) wrench to the screw to inch-pounds of IFT9701 Instruction
Chapter Remotely Mounting the The instructions this chapter apply the remotely mounted from the If the integrally mounted to the to Chapter To mount the from the the following required: Choosing the location Section Mounting the or Section Connecting the to the Section Choosing the location the to the stated Section mounting of from to of or to the type of to used. Mounting the that to mounted from the shipped with mounting the to or that the mounting four 5/16-inch (M8) included), the to beams, which independently. To the mounting washers to the the mounting information, mounting 5/16-inch (M8) 2-inch and four 5/16-inch (M8) included), the information, IFT9701 Instruction You Started Mounting the Remote and
Remotely Mounting the mounting inches NPT or M20 Character height NPT 4X (1)If without IFT9701 Instruction NPT or M20 2X of or
Remotely Mounting the Mounting the to or other 4X M8 4X washer 4X washer To then to Mounting the to IFT9701 Instruction board normally 4X (M8) User-supplied 4X (M8) User-supplied 4X M8 4X washer 4X washer To then to board normally 2X 5/16-inch (M8) 2-inch User-supplied You Started Mounting the Remote and
Remotely Mounting the Connecting the to the To the to the Motion required. Section information offered Motion. type, the or Section information installations. Section information installations. information connecting the wires to the Section Motions Preparation and shipped with the information types, and Motion shielded, or armored Jacketed when user-supplied sealed that termination shielding the of and armored when the with the factory-supplied of shielded and of armored Each type with PVC or Teflon FEP of Table Table selection. installation. Jacketed IFT9701 Instruction of gland, or or To termination shielding the factory-supplied or user-supplied sealed to the the shield CAUTION inches inches inches PVC Teflon FEP Static
Remotely Mounting the Tin-plated shield Armored shield Table operating High operating PVC F C) F C) Teflon FEP F C) F C) selection Jacketed Armored and mechanical protection IFT9701 Instruction shield shield shield shield inches inches inches PVC Teflon FEP inches inches inches PVC Teflon FEP Static Static You Started Mounting the Remote and
Remotely Mounting the If sealed termination shielding the to from the the sealed of the to the -inch NPT the and the to the instructions that with the the -inch NPT to the -inch NPT the to At the the of the wires the terminals the Match the of the with the the as and should exposed. If the the the to from At the the to the terminals as indicated IFT9701 Instruction to or housing which would or Seal or and housing covers. WARNING
Remotely Mounting the to ELITE and IFT9701 terminals White and DL terminals White D600 and DT with IFT9701 Function Right pickoff Right White IFT9701 Instruction back White back back back with the instructions that shipped with the back White back back Yellow back with the instructions that shipped with the IFT9701 terminals Black from GND White Black remote-mount only) Black from White GND Black remote-mount only) White You Started Mounting the and White
Remotely Mounting the and terminals IFT9701 Instruction terminals
Chapter and To the supply and outputs: the Section the supply Section the Section and they The -inch NPT or M20 which sealed to the and The intrinsically and non-intrinsically supply and and IFT9701 Instruction supply and the four screws that the cover of the field Access to the and supply and You Started Mounting the and
and supply shows the supply terminals AWG to AWG wire. If the DC supply, and to the switch the supply with low-voltage 73/23/EEC, switch to the the or as or The grounded with of Either the internal ground screw or ground screw as or AC DC OR VAC VDC If to these grounding: AWG or ground leads as as than ground leads directly to earth, or follow EN as IFT9701 Instruction Incorrect or with or Match supply with indicated off supply ground screw supply ground screw supply CAUTION
and Table DC supply AWG AWG AWG shows the and twisted-pair, shielded consisting of AWG to AWG wire. basic information Section instructions the to Section instructions HART to the Section instructions Section terminals IFT9701 Instruction Active output output Internally to VDC supply ground shielding or termination of shielding necessary. terminate shield The of to the to than ohms. to Section to the You Started Mounting the Remote and
and The active that the or At the factory, the to the of rates that the The active, and the following features: Can supply Isolated to VDC from other outputs and earth ground. of to to HART the grounded or If the HART the should grounded performance. performance below and illustrated with the NAMUR NE43 To the output the of The the of or the of To the of or The the or as Section output performance IFT9701 Instruction and or and that the might as expected. IFT9701 shipped October and previous of IFT9701 as necessary. Downscale CAUTION
and connected to Devices and to and from another. HART to Other Rosemount SMART FAMILY HART-compatible twisted-pair wire, and allows only HART or other HART-compatible with the the HART-compatible assigning other than to each other than to the the to to HART-compatible The the type of the of and other factors. The the physical The when the or SMART FAMILY of ohms. ohms. the from each together they with least Typical HART HART IFT9701 Instruction RFT9739 RFT9739 field-mount rack-mount PV PV+ IFT9701 IFT9701 PV CN2 D30 PV+ CN2 Z30 HART the output single-point-grounded to ground. SMART FAMILY SMART FAMILY DC other HART You Started Mounting the Remote and DC
and Communication connected to II software from Motion, AMS software from Emerson or HART connected to the To using II, follow the instructions the II The AMS interface to the II interface. the AMS information. To using HART Communicator: the that with the HART to the and instructions below instructions. HART If the R1. SMART FAMILY of ohms. ohms, of the The DCS or PLC active R3 the DCS or PLC IFT9701 Instruction HART terminals Connecting HART to the IFT9701 If the flow HART to the the to change, which flow operation connecting HART to the IFT9701 R1 R3 R2 CAUTION DCS or PLC with internal
and output The interface that connected to counter such as the Motion The of to which the or At the factory, the that the to the of flow rates measured the The galvanically isolated to VDC from the of the connected to the the the VDC the ON than V. to counter, and to the platform, through IFT9701 Instruction specified through the output the the through the and off of the below. CAUTION You Started Mounting the and
and to counter with to counter without IFT9701 Instruction counter with to Ground IFT9701 terminals counter with Ground IFT9701 terminals VDC supply To the of the the earlier this section.
and to platform with I/O IFT9701 I/O terminals terminals Paired with shield. AWG wire), AWG wire). shields this to platform with screw-type or IFT9701 output terminals Paired with shield. AWG wire), AWG wire). shields this to field-mount platform IFT9701 terminals Paired with shield. AWG wire), AWG wire). shields this IFT9701 Instruction Earth ground Earth ground Earth ground screw-type or terminals field-mount terminals You Started Mounting the Remote and
IFT9701 Instruction
Chapter Flowmeter This chapter the and information about Customer service The Motion Customer Service with own. If with the and/or of Motion which the title of this include which required, and which or required. the the establishes to flow and flow To the the Section HART Chapter II software, Chapter AMS software, the AMS accounts performance and peripheral information, Section IFT9701 Instruction to the the the operation. CAUTION with with II Troubleshooting
connected, to the the to seconds, the LED The LED, shown the operating of the Optional ATEX areas, the with optional The the or or the operating of the and the following The LED continuously. and to If the optional its reads If HART connected to the the reads If II software connected to the the II the LED ON once to of the and the optional the or flow IFT9701 Instruction
Location of LED, and LCD board normally LED the the To the using the the following instructions. To HART Chapter To II software the the downstream from the IFT9701 Instruction the to the instructions this Apply to the then allow to least the to measured through the the the operating that the completely with Flow through the flow through the completely CAUTION With optional LCD with with II Troubleshooting
the completely with the of and flow through the flow through the completely stopped, then and the the LED continuously. To the its to the The LED continuously and the optional reads ZERO0 to the completed, the LED ON once to operation, and the optional the flow If The LED ON four second. The The ELEC0 appears the optional caused of the following: Flow of Partially flow improperly mounted To clear then the correcting the or abort the to the and characterization The following information the and characterization. might when necessary. include such items as and flow and If of the the factory to specifications. include the factors flow, and optional. Characterization the of using to factors flow, and directly memory, instead of procedures. factors found the and the that shipped with the To or characterize the HART Chapter II software, Chapter You AMS software to and characterize Motion instructions using AMS software, to the AMS IFT9701 Instruction
completed, the ready IFT9701 Instruction without covers that property injury, or death. housing covers tightly closed and sealed operating the WARNING Flowmeter with with II Troubleshooting
IFT9701 Instruction
with HART You Rosemount HART to the and the The HART the IFT9701 B; operations this chapter. include such items as flow and flow and If of the the factory to specifications. factory-calibrated normally recommended. Section accounts performance and procedures include and Section flow or required. information using HART Section Characterization the of to factors flow, and directly memory, instead of field factors found the and the that shipped with the information characterization HART Section IFT9701 Instruction to operation the basic operation. the below appears, the from that then F4 (OK). CAUTION Flowmeter with with II Troubleshooting
with HART the basic to the following HART to the the or the Scaling the the to the following or the flow the the flow HART The HART consists of to characters that the when with other HART To assign HART to the below and follow these BASIC SETUP At the choose At the choose the of to characters, then F4 The include and The flow or flow The and to HART To or flow, the below and follow these Diag/Service BASIC SETUP At the choose (basic At the basic choose the arrow or arrow to the then F4 and IFT9701 Instruction TAG PV PV UNIT
with HART other and (downloaded) to the other and Software flow Software grams/second grams/hour kilograms/second pounds/second pounds/minute pounds/hour pounds/day tons pounds)/minute tons pounds)/hour tons pounds)/day To and the below and follow these Diag/service DETAILED SETUP At the choose At the choose At the choose At the choose the arrow or arrow to the then F4 To the to the F2 IFT9701 Instruction Whenever the below appears, F4 (OK). To the to the F2 Ton/h Ton/d Ton/h Ton/d Charize CONFIG FLD DEV VAR feet/second meters/second U.S. U.S. U.S. gallons/hour liters/second liters/hour gallons/hour Flow DENSITY DENSITY UNIT flow high with with II Troubleshooting
with HART At the choose field At the field choose and to choose and Flow installations, caused mechanical such as and motors, The the measured below which the flow. The flow the lowest flow which the If flow below the cutoff: The to The internal counting. The from flow the the factory. This to the To the flow cutoff, the below and follow these Diag/service DETAILED SETUP At the choose At the choose field At the field choose (flow). At the choose cutoff). the Press F2 to the flow to the memory. or the of the without affecting The the that the the to of its to the input. The factors, including type and of the The rounds the chosen to the seconds, IFT9701 Instruction Charize CONFIG FLD DEV VAR FLO CUTOFF Flow FLOW
with HART To internal the below and follow these Diag/service DETAILED SETUP At the choose At the choose field At the field choose (flow). At the choose Select the Press F2 to the to the memory. Flow The or bi-directional) and when flows through the The flow arrow the the flow the flow accurately To the the below and follow these Diag/service DETAILED SETUP At the choose At the choose At the field choose (flow). At the flow choose (flow then choose the option. The below and affected the option that chosen. To the to the F2 Table of flow outputs and flow or flowing as flow arrow Flow increase Flow flowing from flow arrow IFT9701 Instruction Charize CONFIG FLD DEV VAR Charize CONFIG FLD DEV VAR outputs increases as to increases increases as increases to increases as flow increases increases as increases Flow Flow increase FLOW DAMPING FLOW FLO DIRECTION Flow FLOW with with II Troubleshooting
with HART the flow rates the and To the below and follow these Diag/service BASIC SETUP At the choose At the choose Choose the or the then F4 To the to the F2 output The to the flow of and flow To the the below and follow these Diag/service BASIC SETUP At the choose At the basic choose factor). the that to the flow then F4 the HART to the basic choose factor). the of the then F4 The to the that To the to the F2 IFT9701 Instruction PV ANALOG RANGE VALS Rate To the which the the choose or To the which the flow the choose PV FREQ FACTR RATE FACTR PV URV PV LRV
with HART procedures include and flow establishes to flow and establishes flow To the follow these the the downstream from the the completely with the of and flow through the To initiate the the below and follow these IFT9701 Instruction to the the the operation. the to the instructions this Apply to the then allow to least the to measured through the the the operating Flow through the flow through the completely PERFORM AUTO ZERO DIAG/SERVICE At the choose At the choose At the choose CAUTION CAUTION PERFORM CAL with with II Troubleshooting
with HART If The HART reads The LED ON four second. The outputs. The ELEC0 appears the optional To abort the F3 (abort). To flow completely off and completely with then F4 (OK). The of Flow of through Partially flow improperly mounted the correcting the or to the to abort the and to the previously established Flow Flow the flow factor the of the to flow. Performing the the field optional. Flow batch of through the the then the HART to the amount with the amount of indicated the The of the weighing the the of the flow that flow the If the flow choose flow the then choose the IFT9701 Instruction the WARN should from isolate the from that to the process, then choose F4 (OK). the reads Flow flow through the completely then F4 (OK). The HART reads to The LED ON and the optional reads ZERO0 to To the its F3 (abort). completed, the LED ON once to operation, the optional the and the HART reads Press F4 (OK).
with HART To the flow factor: Select flow and the to the memory. Table To the flow factor memory, to the below and follow these the Section to the below, and follow these This the mass-flow factor. Record the factor. IFT9701 Instruction Diag/service DETAILED SETUP CHARIZE SENSOR information At the choose At the choose (characterize At the characterize choose (flow factor). the flow factor the The factor found the that shipped with the the to the characterize F2 to the factor to the memory. Totl TOTALIZER CNTRL PROCESS VARIABLES Diag/Service the to three batches of the and batches. each batch, the indicated the and the batch batch Third batch Mass-flow factor FLOW CAL Flowmeter with with II Troubleshooting
with HART the factor from the first of the flow factor. This the first of the factor. To the factor memory, to the below and follow these To the of the factor, The amount of indicated the should the amount of the batch, within Motion the Characterization Characterization factor that the of the to To characterize the to the below and follow these Diag/service DETAILED SETUP At the choose At the choose (characterize At the characterize choose factor). the factor the The factor found the that shipped with the the to the characterize F2 to the factor to the memory. IFT9701 Instruction of FloCal factor DETAILED SETUP CHARIZE SENSOR information At the choose At the choose (characterize At the characterize choose (flow factor). the factor, then F4 the first and first the the three and the three and from the flow factor the the to the characterize F2 to the factor to the memory. Flow DENSITY CAL FACTR CHARIZE SENSOR information FLOW CAL
Chapter with II Software You the Motion II software, to the and the the II or information. include such items as flow and flow and If of the the factory to specifications. factory-calibrated field normally recommended. Section accounts performance and peripheral procedures include and flow Section flow or required. information procedures II, Section Characterization the of using to factors flow, density, and directly memory, instead of field factors found the and the that shipped with the information characterization using II, Section IFT9701 Instruction to operation output the operation. Whenever such as the below appears, isolate the from that then choose CAUTION with with II Troubleshooting
with II Software the to the following HART to the the Scaling the HART The HART consists of to characters that the when with other HART To assign HART to From the the the the appears (as the of to characters, then OK. The include and IFT9701 Instruction the flow or the the internal the flow
with II Software To From the the the Flow The Flow (as Flow To the flow the Flow Units and flow If of flow, the flow. If of the flow. of IFT9701 Instruction with with II Troubleshooting
with II Software Table and flow Software flow Software grams/second grams/hour kilograms/second pounds/second pounds/minute pounds/hour pounds/day tons pounds)/minute tons pounds)/hour tons pounds)/day installations, caused mechanical such as and motors, The flow the measured below which the flow. The or and when flows through the IFT9701 Instruction ton/hr ton/day The the lowest flow which the If flow below the cutoff: The to The internal counting The flow from flow the the factory. This to the the Flow Cutoff the Flow The flow arrow the the the Table and affected the option that chosen. To flow outputs and the Flow Direction the Flow and the U.S. U.S. U.S. gallons/hour liters/second liters/hour gallons/hour feet/second meters/second
with II Software Table of flow and flow or flowing as flow arrow flowing from arrow or the of the without affecting IFT9701 Instruction increases as to increases increases as flow increases Flow increase Flow to increases as flow increases increases as flow increases Flow Flow increase The the that the the to of its to the input. The factors, including type and of the The rounds the chosen to the seconds, If internal the text the Flow Flowmeter Flowmeter with with II Troubleshooting
with II Software of includes: the Scaling the To the From the Click the The appears, as shown flow rates the and To IFT9701 Instruction the flow that the the text the flow that the the text The High and boxes the the flow The the text than the the text and higher than the The the higher than the displayed and than the displayed high The the the text should than the displayed or the output
with II Software To the From the Click the The appears, as shown The to the flow of and flow To the procedures include and flow Flowmeter establishes to flow and flow IFT9701 Instruction the text Factor, the that to the flow the text Rate Factor, the of the flow The to the that the Factor Flowmeter with with II Troubleshooting
with II Software To the the the completely with the of and flow through the the shutoff downstream from the the and The Flow appears through the completely stopped, then the The While IFT9701 Instruction to the the the operation. the to the instructions this Apply to the then allow to least the to measured through the the the operating Flow through the flow through the completely The light red. The LED ON. The optional ZERO0 to completed: The light The LED once to operation. The the flow CAUTION CAUTION
with II Software Flow If The light red. The LED ON four second. The outputs. The ELEC0 and off the optional The of Flow of through Partially improperly mounted the correcting the or to the to abort the and to the established Flow Flow the flow factor it the of the to flow. Performing the flow the field optional. Flow batch of through the the then the to the amount with the amount of measured the The of the the the of the that highly IFT9701 Instruction Flowmeter with with II Troubleshooting
with II Software flow the If the flow choose flow the flow then choose flow the To the flow factor: the to flow Section the Flow the factor the Flow text The factor found the or the that shipped with the the Section With flow through the completely from the The displayed, as Click the to the to IFT9701 Instruction
with II Software three batches of the and batches. each batch, the indicated the and the This the mass-flow factor. Record the factor. the factor from the first of the factor. This the first of the flow factor. the flow factor the Flow the Flow The factor should and To the of the flow factor, The amount of indicated the should the amount of the batch, within Motion the Characterization Characterization factor that accurately the of the to To characterize the From the the the The shown displayed. the 14-character factor (including the the text The factor found the or the that shipped with the IFT9701 Instruction First batch batch Third batch Mass-flow factor of FloCal factor the from as the first and first the three and the three and from the flow factor with with II Troubleshooting
with II Software IFT9701 Instruction
Chapter Troubleshooting Customer service the Motion Customer Service the title of this Troubleshooting Motion of integrity. Observation of the which include the LED, and optional LCD. Follow these while troubleshooting Motion the process, become with this instruction and with the instruction the While troubleshooting the from the which the operates. both and This the of or troubleshooting of the which include the LED, and optional LCD. LED The LED the operating of the the operating indicated the LED. shows the location of the LED the intrinsically IFT9701 Instruction troubleshooting, the while troubleshooting the CAUTION Flowmeter with with II Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting terminals and LED supply If to outputs, supply matches supply shown AC to DC Power-supply Optional LCD ATEX areas, the with optional LCD. The LCD the cover of the field and the or flow or the operating of the Table the operating indicated the LCD. The or to Downscale: The to the to The to the to otherwise the the outputs. To outputs, Section Table Normal indicated LED LED this: Condition ON once ON, OFF) Normal operation ON and OFF once ON, OFF) below or ON OFF Power-supply IFT9701 Instruction terminals terminals 2030V or 85250V~ screw supply ground LED Intrinsically (intrinsically (GND) to (remote-mount only)
Troubleshooting Conditions indicated optional LCD Optional LCD reads: Condition or flow (such as Normal operation OL0 Flow of and ZERO0 SLUG0 below or ELEC0 SENS0 or below OFF supply If supply incorrectly, or the improperly grounded, the properly. Follow these to supply and grounding: If switch the supply the switch the ON the supply and matches the the the supply Turn supply OFF. At the terminals indicated wires tightly and wires exposed. AWG to AWG wire. DC supply as follows: Power-supply AWG AWG AWG IFT9701 Instruction shock or Disconnect WARNING with with II Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting supply the the or as the properly grounded. If to this The the supply. instructions, to and often incorrectly as At of the the following: cabling, and of shielded termination IFT9701 Instruction -inch NPT or M20 with or ground screw ground screw grounding, wire, AWG or Either the ground screw or ground screw as or ground leads as as Flowmeter grounded with than power-supply ground directly to earth. Wires Wires with the Wires the Wires the Table Motion supply terminals Match supply to specified
Troubleshooting Function pickoff Right pickoff Right pickoff White pickoff To of the supply. Disconnect from the intrinsically the DMM to as indicated Table If the mounted from the the the the to distinguish from Table Normal and Notes increases C increase C. or shorted than from the below. terminals and (right pickoff) should within of terminals and pickoff). the and of terminals to to to to white to to to Right pickoff to to 0C /C to to 0C /C Lead to to and If the or flow, or the the following The The LED ON second. The optional LCD reads SENS0. IFT9701 Instruction Flowmeter with with II Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting If the or follow these the from that to the flow to to the If troubleshooting to why and/or appeared, phone Motion Customer Service. the title of this Table Troubleshooting and (DMM) Corrective action(s) or from to or from to If or If or to factory and/or or from to white or from to white or from to or from to offset of flow that the with then Completely off flow, then or from to or from to Bring within If or If or or from to to factory yellow or from to caused of flow or of performance causing of the flow which the to flow IFT9701 Instruction or pickoff or right or stress, or mechanical factor or measured flow measured caused flow to flow RTD Characterize Bring within stress, or mechanical
Troubleshooting the following to The to The output to the that flow. The LED OFF once second. The optional LCD reads SLUG0. The when within the If the the following The outputs. The LED ON second. The optional LCD reads ELEC0. If indicated, the Motion Customer Service the title of this The of which the of the HART or the of the II software IFT9701 Instruction Flowmeter with with II Troubleshooting
IFT9701 Instruction
IFT9701 Specifications A.1 Performance performance specifications, to the A.2 Functional A.2.1 (active) flow or flow and Recommended of flow Internally (active) Isolated to VDC from other and earth ground Out-of-range or or flow Externally to VDC supply V, isolated to VDC Out-of-range to than the and the width the HART and interface and to IFT9701 Instruction ELITE and DL Specifications HART Optional
IFT9701 Specifications A.2.2 (optional) (LCD) the field-wiring cover. The LCD shows and flow, and Not ATEX A.2.3 Low-flow Flow below to to that and counting A.2.4 user-selected to indicating flow and counting A.2.5 User-selected of or seconds A.2.6 indicated user-selected or and optional A.2.7 testing Can specified and Can and A.2.8 supply options to VAC to VA V/0.4 IEC 73/23/EEC IFT9701 Instruction
IFT9701 Specifications to VDC typical, V/1.8 terminals At of of A.3 A.3.1 below Optional become to below F C). to F to C) without optional LCD to F to C) with optional LCD A.3.2 Integrally mounted to F to C) below. Remotely mounted to At their and each other. The below the recommended based expected IFT9701 Instruction Specifications HART Optional
IFT9701 Specifications A.3.3 to A.3.4 IEC to A.4 to to to to flow IFT9701 Instruction F Expected when mounted sunlight C Expected when mounted sunlight with heat F with heat C
IFT9701 Specifications A.5 the of the EMC 89/336/EEC EN when operated rated EMC within the EC, the Technical EMC Motion To the specifications, the with Motion and the shielded with or The and directly connected to low-impedance than earth ground. twisted-pair, shielded A.6 of flow C from A.7 only: A.8 that apply to the to the ATEX IIB/IIC T6 IIB/IIC UL and CSA Class I, A,B,C, and Class II, and IFT9701 Instruction Specifications HART Optional
IFT9701 Instruction
HART PROCESS VARIABLES DIAGNOSTCS AND SERVICE following IFT9701 Instruction VIEW FIELD DEVICE VARIABLES Flow VIEW PRIMARY VARIABLE VIEW OUTPUT VARIABLES secondary VIEW TERTIARY VARIABLE TOTALIZER CONTROL TEST/STATUS LOOP TEST PERFORM AUTO ZERO Other FIX ANALOG OUTPUT Other FIX FREQUENCY OUTPUT Flow PV PV PV AO TV Specifications HART Optional
HART and service* BASIC SETUP DETAILED SETUP REVIEW previous IFT9701 Instruction ANALOG RANGE VALUES factor Rate factor CHARACTERIZE SENSOR CONFIGURE FIELD DEVICE VARIABLES CONFIGURE OUTPUTS DEVICE INFORMATION DEVICE INFORMATION CHARACTERIZE SENSOR FIELD DEVICE VARIABLES OUTPUTS Flow factor factor FLOW Flow Flow Flow Flow flow high DENSITY ANALOG OUTPUT RANGE VALUES FIX ANALOG OUTPUT factor Rate factor FIX FREQUENCY OUTPUT FREQUENCY OUTPUT HART OUTPUT of ID REVISION Universal Flow Software Distributor ID Software Flow factor factor Flow Flow Flow Flow high factor Rate factor of PV URV PV LRV USL PV LSL PV Other Other
C the Optional To the optional follow these wearing wrist input to the the screws that the field cover then the cover. of wires and which to the the the supply the field the and from the as shown the below. On the back of the spring-loaded which screw and washer. the to the screw and washer as they the screw and washer. the that attached to the back of the the that attached to the the the IFT9701 Instruction shock or input Connector WARNING Specifications HART Optional
the Optional the washer, and screw the back of the below. the the field the screws the assembly the housing and completely sealed. IFT9701 Instruction of to housing which would or To of or the housing, of and housing covers. CAUTION
D.1 Motion procedures when These with government and Motion to follow Motion refused Information and www.micromotion.com or the Motion Customer Service information the title of this D.2 New and that from the and New and includes or peripheral which: shipped as the or shipped incorrectly Motion. New and completed Authorization D.3 Used that classified as and used. This completely and cleaned Used completed Authorization and that with the If completed include certifying and that with the IFT9701 Instruction Specifications HART Optional
IFT9701 Instruction