P/N MMI-20016185, AA Motion MVD Mounting
and information This Motion with when properly with the instructions this to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com/atex or through Motion intrinsically installations, this with the UL-D-IS and CSA-D-IS Instructions the www.micromotion.com/documentation or through Motion Information to that with the Directive found the www.micromotion.com/documentation to EN apply. Other information specifications found the Troubleshooting information found the Product and from the Motion www.micromotion.com/documentation Motion when These procedures with government and Motion to follow Motion refused Information procedures and www.micromotion.com or the Motion Customer Service Motion service Location Telephone U.S.A. 800-522-MASS free) and America (U.S.A.) U.K. (toll-free) Customers the U.S.A. to Copyrights and Motion, Inc. rights The Motion and Emerson and service of Emerson Motion, ELITE, MVD, MVD Direct and of of the Emerson family of other property of their respective owners. other locations other locations (The
Chapter MVD Chapter Mount the MVD to Mount the MVD to the interface the (optional)......................................................... Chapter the supply and grounding the supply the supply.............................................................................................................. the MVD Chapter the MVD to the the the to the the to the shielded or armored and Motion and Chapter the the and secondary the the the input to Chapter the to RS-485 the to
Chapter covered this chapter: MVD that the the which the the and mount the to the following The service and The of the location and and C). If the the become to below C). The mounting location allow the following clearance of the housing cover: To or other from the housing, the with its pointed to the three 3/4-inch NPT to the that the and installation. Motion to the MVD and the and the that twisted-pair, shielded I/O ATEX installations, strictly to the instructions throughout this and to the ATEX the www.micromotion.com ATEX installations, each shipped with to the housing. The to the terminals and or attaching the housing cover, and the housing the United States and specifically the Motion information the inches without displays inches with displays
housing (ATEX installations only) Housing C Mounting screw Threaded Housing Notes the housing that properly the and the MVD shows the MVD Motion MVD C
of the MVD housing cover C Intrinsically terminals Nonintrinsically-safe terminals supply Housing interface: with or without options C
Chapter Mounting covered this chapter: Mount the MVD to Mount the MVD to the the (optional) Mount the MVD to four 5/16-inch (or M8) and that withstand the Motion supply or and as option). that the and or excessively. Procedure Mount the using and as To the housing, four mounting to the to beams, or which independently. Motion MVD
mounting (front and inches inches C inches inches inches With Without inches mounting inches inches C inches inches With inches Without inches C C Mounting
Mounting Mount the MVD to 5/16-inch 2-inch and four that withstand the Motion supply or the least inches from base, and than inches Procedure Mount the to as Mounting the MVD to inches mounting inches to 5/16-inch C inches 2-inch 5/16-inch supply Motion MVD C
the interface the (optional) The interface the rotated from the Procedure off to the Unscrew and the housing cover. If the off to the the housing cover. Removing the housing while the the interface: the interface screws. Gently the user interface, from the the the interface to the and the interface the Tighten the interface screws. and the housing cover. to the Mounting
Chapter the supply and grounding the Topics covered this chapter: the supply the MVD supply The MVD AC or DC The the Table the AC and DC the MVD Table supply AC to VAC DC to VDC the supply The supply terminals located the of the housing. You the to the terminals and the ground terminal(s). Procedure the housing cover. the three housing screws attaching the to the of the housing. the from the of the the from the housing base. shows the location of the supply terminals and ground Motion MVD typical, typical,
supply terminals ground supply C L1 AC; DC L2 AC; DC ground the input the switch the supply with Directive 2006-95-EC, switch to the the supply to the that the ground as ground the MVD The MVD grounded to the that the You and complying with You properly ground the MVD to the instructions provided. grounding or flow to comply with to EN apply. the and grounding the C
the supply and grounding the Follow the high-integrity intrinsically ground used. If or to the following grounding: wire, AWG or ground leads as as than You the internal ground or the ground to ground the Directly the ground from the to Earth ground. To and comply with ATEX installations, the ground to the ground terminals within the Procedure to information grounding the Grounding the MVD ground ground C Earth ground Motion MVD
Chapter the MVD to the covered this chapter: the the to the the to the using shielded or armored and terminals Motion and the The type of to the MVD the Motion three of shielded, and armored. Procedure To the to the and to the following information: to to shielded and armored with
the MVD to the Motion MVD
shielded or armored the MVD to the
the MVD to the the to the ATEX installations, the user-supplied sealed that termination shielding the intrinsically To intrinsically the from supply and from such as motors, and which of gland, or or flow the the housing and the that the wires and shields with the or the housing. of or or flow Improperly sealed housings to which or and necessary. Inspect and grease and and housing covers and Procedure necessary. the through the and the To from the threads of the apply to the threads, or threads with PTFE to three layers the the that the threads when the At both the and the following: the junction-box and housing covers. and to the 9-wire. the through the the the of each the the and matching Table should exposed. ELITE and match the to the the the of the cover. and terminals the and MVD Motion MVD
and Function wires Black Right Right White Tighten the screws to the of grease then the junction-box and housing covers and screws, as required. the to the using shielded or armored ATEX installations, shielded or armored with both the and that ATEX purchased from Motion. from other used. from such as motors, and which of gland, or or flow the the housing and the that the wires and shields with the or the housing. of or or flow Improperly sealed housings to which or and necessary. Inspect and grease and and housing covers and Procedure necessary. the of the and shown the MVD to the
the MVD to the and C C shield or heat-shrink seat (shown as to Unscrew the from the Screw the the the to hand-tight. the and the the oriented the properly with the of the the through the the shield the of the the the shield. Screw the the Tighten the and to that the the shield. (1-inch) wrench to tighten the and to foot-pounds of of assembly. Motion MVD
Cross-section of assembled with C shield the junction-box or housing cover. At both the and the to the following the of each the the and Table should exposed. ELITE and match the to the the the of the cover. and terminals the and MVD and Function wires Black Right pickoff C the MVD to the
the MVD to the and Function Right pickoff White pickoff Tighten the screws to the wires of grease then the junction-box and housing covers and screws, as required. and terminals through the terminals of the that to the MVD and the MVD ELITE, and terminals C White Motion MVD C
D, and DL terminals DT terminals (user-supplied with Earth ground MVD terminals Installation the MVD to the
the MVD to the Motion and Motion three of shielded, and armored. the following the types: Armored mechanical protection the wires. Jacketed than shielded or armored If ATEX the with PVC or Teflon FEP Teflon FEP the following types: installations that include installations with of or flow than and than C). Table shows the of the Table and High High C) C) C) C) PVC C) C) C) C) Teflon FEP The following the of the and the Table shows the of shows the of shielded Table shows the of armored Table of PVC inches inches inches Teflon FEP inches inches inches Motion MVD Static
Table of shielded PVC inches inches inches Teflon FEP inches inches inches of armored PVC inches inches inches Teflon FEP inches inches inches through cross-section of the types. Cross-section of C shield the MVD to the Static Static C
the MVD to the Cross-section of shielded Tin-plated shield C shield shield Motion MVD C
Cross-section of armored shield C shield shield total) the MVD to the C
Chapter the covered this chapter: terminals the and secondary outputs the the the input to terminals the and the right of the the MVD twisted-pair, shielded I/O The the intrinsically to the from non-intrinsically You the from the of and the terminals and their functions the MVD intrinsically from supply and intrinsically to comply with The Service the interface of the MVD directly connected to RS-485 terminals and If the RS-485 the Service with the Motion MVD
Function DC supply and (PV+) (PV) Secondary (SV+) Secondary (SV) output and input and ground and and RS-485 I/O (A+): with Service the interface RS-485 I/O (B): with Service the interface DC to or DP input from or DP the
the the and secondary and the terminals and the secondary The user-selected or as outputs, the supply The HART Procedure the allowable the the wires and through the information the and secondary To the the and secondary Notes PV the PV+ the and PV the return. SV the secondary SV+ the and SV the return. Motion MVD PV PV SV SV
the HART HART II, or AMS or PV terminals C DCS or PLC with internal Notes If necessary, the R1. SMART FAMILY of of the You the DCS or PLC active R3 the DCS or PLC internal that grounded properly, the or the the shipped, the of the MVD internally isolated This internal to approximately You the increased or Procedure terminals and the The and input as To the the or internal PV+ PV- R1 the C R2 R3
the the FREQ+ RETURN C PLC or counter To the increased to terminals and the increased to FREQ+ C RETURN PLC or counter To the terminals and and to the PLC or of the If the the inoperable. To the to function, the operation using Motion MVD C C
the FREQ+ RETURN C to PLC or counter To the to recommended VDC input. the than C the
the the FREQ+ RETURN C which of to to than the the to VDC PLC or counter Recommended supply Motion MVD C
the The the flow input or You the to internal or Motion MVD and information the output Procedure terminals and the The and input as If the to internally RETURN (ground) CONTROL C If the to externally recommended supply VDC input. the than the C
the the which of to to than the to VDC supply Recommended supply the input Procedure and the input. the input. The input, and as Motion MVD
the input Remote switch to The MVD from the intrinsically the from the supply intrinsically and other intrinsically to with Procedure Choose from the following options: If the supply than or to V, the MVD to the terminals and to to these terminals to to internal input Notes (MA PWR OUT) the to the (MA SIG IN) the input to the MVD the
the outputs If the supply than V, or other required, to the terminals and to input DC supply C Optional Notes (MA SIG IN) the input to the MVD (SIGNALGND) the return. You directly to the of the supply. If the and the MVD required, (PV+) and (PV) Motion MVD C VDC
to with HART only C DC supply the outputs VDC C
Chapter covered this chapter: the to RS-485 the to the to RS-485 twisted-pair, shielded that consists of AWG or the MVD and the RS-485 or from with the 1/2-W both of the to reduce reflections. Procedure terminals and to the MVD to RS-485 The Service the interface of the MVD directly connected to RS-485 terminals and If the RS-485 the Service with the Motion MVD
Choose from the following options the RS-485 To to the RS-485 MVD to To to the RS-485 MVD to the to Procedure terminals and to the MVD to RS-485 RS-485
to typical HART HART II, or AMS C IFT9701 SMART FAMILY DC other HART Notes SMART FAMILY of the from each9739 MVD together they terminate with least HART the grounded to ground. Motion MVD V+ C PV+ CN2- Z30 PV CN2- D30 PV VDC
Motion, Inc. rights P/N MMI-20016185, AA *MMI-20016185* the Motion specifications, the PRODUCTS section of www.micromotion.com Motion Motion Motion Inc. Inc. Inc. USA USA USA Worldwide Headquarters Circle Motion Motion Motion Motion Motion Motion Emerson Emerson WX The of Motion Motion Motion Motion Motion United United United Motion Emerson Emerson Bredbury SK6 2SU U.K.