Instruction P/N CB October Motion MVD and and
Motion, Inc. rights The Motion and Emerson and service of Emerson Motion, ELITE, MVD, MVD Direct and of of the Emerson family of other property of their respective owners.
Chapter You About this installations. Terminology. Communication this Other Motion service Chapter RFT9739 rack-mount or Ingress protection input or (optional) the with installations I/O and locations Grounding relays Chapter About this chapter Supported the RS-485 RS-485 and
Chapter the and About this chapter. Accessing Shortcuts the function buttons the buttons Selecting from Cursor Chapter Security and About this chapter. Security Security. Write-protecting the and inventory Chapter About this chapter. severity Chapter About this chapter. the and information inputs. the input the the Chapter About this chapter. the Polarity. Source assignment indication. Motion MVD and
the Application About this chapter API About Definitions CTL Reference Chapter About this chapter About Chapter the Batch Application About this chapter batch Batching Flow options two-stage batching Batch Batch batch Chapter the About this chapter and the the
Chapter About this chapter. RS-485 HART, RTU, or ASCII Communicating with Custody About this chapter. About options (NTEP) (OIML) and (OIML/batch) the security switch Rack-mount Field-mount the and Chapter Formatting and About this chapter. Formatting Batch Batch (NTEP) (OIML) Formatting Batch (OIML) Chapter Procedures. About this chapter. Communication Motion MVD and
Chapter About this chapter and Initial the Active Preset selections Batch inventory and LCD options Applications Chapter Batch About this chapter About Batch Function Cursor buttons Batch batch the batch while Batch AOC Chapter Custody About this chapter security breach Custody (NTEP). BOL (NTEP) Batch (NTEP) and of and and restoring Performing the Testing the and Reading and testing the inputs. Reading and testing the input Reading and testing the and and testing
and About this chapter. inventories. Batch Chapter Performance and and factors and Performing the the Reading and or of the Performing Performing Performing Chapter and Troubleshooting About this chapter. Checking and and severity timeout and Motion MVD and Custody (OIML) and (OIML/batch) BOL numbers. (OIML) (OIML/batch) (OIML) and (OIML) and of Clearing security breach the Audit the
Specifications and A.1 Housing and mounting A.1.1 A.1.2 Rack-mount A.2 Interface/display A.3 A.4 A.5 A.5.1 A.5.2 Rack-mount A.6 and outputs. A.6.1 Intrinsically input A.6.2 Non-intrinsically input A.6.3 Non-intrinsically A.6.4 A.7 supply options A.7.1 A.7.2 A.8 and Restoring A009/A026 or I/O Checking the supply Checking the Checking grounding Checking the HART Checking RF interference Checking the output and Checking the Checking the Checking the flow Checking the Checking the and the characterization. Checking the Checking the the the Checking the Checking the LED Core only) Checking and RTD Remote with installation.
Specifications and B.1 housing B.2 Interface/display B.3 B.4 B.5 B.6 and B.6.1 Intrinsically input B.6.2 Non-intrinsically input B.6.3 Non-intrinsically B.6.4 B.7 supply options B.8 B.9 B.10 B.10.1 ATEX B.10.2 UL and CSA. B.11 Performance specifications. B.12 Cleaning instructions C Specifications C.1 C.2 C.3 C.3.1 ATEX C.3.2 UL and CSA. D.1 About this D.2 D.2.1 D.3 installations. D.3.1 relays D.3.2 User-supplied relays D.4 relays D.5 relays with the D.5.1 D.6 the relay D.7 user-supplied relays. and E.1 E.2 and Motion MVD and A.9 effects A.10 A.10.1 ATEX A.10.2 UL and CSA. A.11 Performance specifications. A.12 Cleaning instructions
Flowcharts F.1 F.2 F.3 F.4 F.5 II and G.1 G.2 G.3 II upload/download G.4 Connecting from PC to G.5 II flowcharts H.1 H.2 DD H.3 Connecting from the to H.4 flowcharts I.1 I.2 I.3 Batch I.4 Batch (NTEP) I.5 (OIML) I.6 Batch (OIML) and J.1 and J.2 the K.1 K.2 New and K.3 Used NE History. L.1 L.2 Software history and
Motion MVD and
Chapter You About this This to and the following Motion or or This the following optional batching (API Custody This the Computer. information this and the the Motion www.micromotion.com This the information the Enhanced Application: Theory, and the Motion www.micromotion.com This the information this and the the Motion www.micromotion.com throughout this to and Read each proceeding to the and information about applications, to Motion instructions, shipped with the or from the Motion WARNING You the
You installations This Motion with when properly with the instructions this to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com/atex or through Motion To with EU Battery Directive 2006/66/EC, this of the of treatment facility. Terminology The following this to or MVD Motions of and reporting Application of the and the software or include and Platform to that The or below). Core to the which memory and preprocessing received from the There the and the To type, the Applications Section to the that from the processing, and the to this the and to the and from such as IFT9701, these that the and the to connected to or Motion MVD and or Follow instructions to correctly. CAUTION
You Communication You with of the following The II and higher II or higher recommended), or and higher with the DD: Motion DD or higher This the of the flowcharts the F. information II or the with or H. These the commonly and this If the the as first to installation, and If the follow the below to and the the (Chapter Learn to the and the platform through The of the and the If of these should already or and to the the procedures this security and (Chapter (Chapter (Chapter the (API or the the the Motion the batch (Chapter the (Chapter (Chapter formatting and (Chapter You the
You procedures (Chapter Learn to the through Learn to and and and the (Chapter Learn to to (Chapter Other Table of other that or to or the Additional Topic QRG title Location installation: installation: rack-mount rack-mount installation: field-mount field-mount Motion CD Motion Motion CD Motion Enhanced Enhanced Application: Theory, Motion CD and Motion Motion CD Motion II with the II Software with Motion II Motion CD Motion Motion MVD and (MVD) or Peripheral: Instructions Reference (MVD) or Instructions Rack-Mount Reference (MVD) or Peripheral: Instructions Reference Motion CD Motion Motion CD Motion Motion CD Motion
You Motion service service, the the U.S.A., 800-522-MASS (toll-free) and America, phone Customers the U.S.A. Motion service and other locations, phone the U.K., (toll-free) other locations, (The You the
Motion MVD and
Chapter This chapter information To the Reference (QRG), as the specifications the information this Follow the instructions the QRG, to Reference (MVD) or Peripheral: Instructions (rack-mount) (MVD) or (rack-mount) Instructions Rack-Mount (field-mount) (MVD) or Peripheral: (field-mount) Instructions RFT9739 rack-mount Motion as RFT9739 rack-mount 3500EXTENDEDM the housing of the to RFT9739 Motion information about this and or or You the
or This section to to the the QRG, the following apply: Humidity: to humidity, F C) IEC to If the location that the heating effects of to sunlight. protection This section to If the of protection IP to EN (IEC If the should of protection NEMA 4X to EN (IEC input This section only to or The of the input increased. The of typical AWG instrumentation rather than as the Motion MVD and when atmosphere the covers atmosphere within three disconnected. cloth to the cover which atmosphere. To clean, cloth to the cover atmosphere. WARNING WARNING
or cover (optional) This section to or If the the or reading and You or To this, follow the instructions below. and flat-head screwdriver to the screws that the cover to the housing. flat-head screwdriver to the screws that the back cover to the cover. of which screw the ground to the back cover. the while the back cover. this the right touching the the to Without touching the board, the of the of the board to the from then the back cover. You Communications the
the This section to or with installations. of the A-4 or B-4. mounting the the To this: each of the four screws the that the oriented as the screws, to to to to ground the to using the internal or ground screw. This section to or Motion offers of shielded and armored. Both shield wires. User-supplied the following The as the QRG The the the ATEX, UL, or CSA shipped with the or the Motion Motion MVD and the while the back cover to the ground to the back cover using the screw. the ground to the screw of the ground wire. the of the of the to the from then the cover.
with installations Motion offers three of shielded, and armored. to Motions Flowmeter Preparation and of these and selecting the installation. with installations shipped with the and to to the Motion. to the each and location. Motion 3700*****B***** 3700*****C***** NPT or M20 with NPT with I/O This section to and locations To the I/O To the I/O the and 3500**F******** 3500**G******** 3700**F******** 3700**G******** You the
I/O locations or Input/output terminals I/O Card or with screw-type or terminals Motion MVD and The terminals Comm Comm and I/O These terminals Motion internal only. or rack-mount Input/output terminals or with I/O or field-mount Input/output or
Grounding the shields from the I/O wires should grounded Ground the shields the the If or with I/O the ground of shielding to I/O shielding. The the I/O shielding to the chassis ground. I/O to field or shields the the shields relays If relay to the to instructions. Specifications the relay Motion) C. If and PLC, or or PC II), Chapter instructions. and Chassis ground I/O You the
Motion MVD and
Chapter About this chapter This chapter to the and The following typical PLC or PC II or HART This chapter of To Chapter Table the the the while RS-485 Table physical layers, and Physical terminals HART RS-485 terminals RS-485 HART the and the to the physical layers and RS-485 RS-232 or USB If to the RS-485 to RS-232 or USB from Motion PLKUSB485KIT or PLK485KIT). Motion information about these and You the
You the IC521A-F with Motion the ETO to The PC Interface (PCIA) with the the PCIA the ready-to-send (RTS) the and the initiated. Other If to the RS-485 to another supply the RS-232 If to the to RS-232 as from Motion PLKUSB202KIT or PLK202KIT). Motion information about these You or to Other If to the to another the or HART interface. RS-485 Follow the below to RS-485 the and and the RS-485 terminals the to Table and Additionally, the or that shows input/output The terminals Comm and Comm I/O These Motion internal only. RS-485 terminals RS-485 terminals or with Input/output screw-type or or with I/O DIN I/O or non-intrinsically Motion MVD and RS-485
twisted-pair shielded and required, the to the RS-485 terminals the the and required. RS-485 as Section or with RS-485 Screw-type or and or with screw-type or or with I/O or Input/output or from with the each of the the and the RS-485 RS-485 AWG RS-485 to RS-232 Remote (with to necessary) You the
or with RS-485 I/O Input/output or with RS-485 (with to Input/output necessary) Motion MVD and AWG RS-485 AWG RS-485 or from with the each of the the and the RS-485 to RS-232 RS-485 RS-485 or from with the each of the the and the RS-485 to RS-232 (with to necessary)
Communications Follow the below to the and and the terminals the to Table and Additionally, the or that shows input/output Table terminals terminals or with screw-type or or with I/O DIN I/O or non-intrinsically the to both and HART It already wired twisted-pair shielded and required, the to the the and the The HART polarity-sensitive. The HART interface connected of to the necessary. as Section and Input/output If the output HART only, the following: or with screw-type or or with I/O or Additionally, the following the outputs both and output the to HART or the to HART or with HART terminals You the
or with HART interface Screw-type or or with HART interface I/O Input/output Motion MVD and AWG Input/output AWG HART interface Remote (with to necessary) (with to necessary) HART interface Remote
Communications or with HART interface HART (with optional or with screw-type or and AWG Input/output only: HART or HART interface HART (with optional or with IO or (with to necessary) Remote HART (with optional You the
HART with SMART FAMILY and II HART or AMS software (with HART interface) or DC supply Motion MVD and HART-compatible SMART FAMILY HART the single-point-grounded to ground. as or VDC supply HART
HART terminals DC supply or with HART terminals DC supply and as HART DC or HART input input You the
Motion MVD and
Chapter the and About this chapter This chapter to the and the through the the and the and and the its testing, the seconds. the completed: The Motion to three seconds. to three seconds. The operation If there active the displayed the To acknowledge, or to the Chapter and If the batch the displayed, as shown If the batch the batch displayed DEVICE Flow Rate Security RESET EXIT VIEW or EXIT You the
the and The allows to and The allows to and the process. and high-level of these flowcharts, F. batch Active Displayed batch Displayed Motion MVD and Security Active history Batch inventory inventory Preset selections Batch inventory Security Measures Displayed batch with the Displayed only with the and the option purchased. Applications LCD options
the and To the To the the Security The Security the right of the with You or to the following section). To the the VIEW or EXIT Accessing You the Security to from the the Security pressed: If security the displayed immediately. security If security prompted to There Both of of four To Press the four buttons the Press SEL To and security, Chapter Pressing Security from Security DEVICE Flow Rate PRINT RESET EXIT and The to the displayed. The to the the displayed. Security SEL EXIT DEVICE You You You You the the the the
the and Pressing Security from Security DEVICE Flow Rate PRINT RESET EXIT Shortcuts From the to the security or the security the Security as the previous section. to the operating the Security then the EXIT the function buttons The the of the the function buttons. The the buttons the and the of the The function currently assigned to the displayed the the The to as F1, F2, and F3. The and right buttons as function buttons. If shown the the action the function to the item where the located. function button, the located correctly. Section Motion MVD and SEL HELP EXIT
the and Function buttons SEL HELP EXIT F1 function START batch or STOP Stop batch (batch resumed) END achieved (batch resumed) RESET SEL Select the highlighted item CHG to the highlighted item SAVE YES Proceed with action ACK Acknowledge PRINT CLEAR the (R) the inventory and ALARMS DEVICE Security F2 function HELP RESUME batch that RESET PRINT NEXT to the ACKALL Acknowledge RESET-T Complete the F3 function VIEW Access the EXIT to or NO action PREV to the previous ABORT Abort Abort F3 function F1 function You You You You the the the the
the and the The buttons the around the the highlight the and to the the item to or locating the the SEL or CHG or the Right to or the Selecting from CHG from which choose the option. From that Press SAVE to the and to the or Press EXIT or the to to the previous without If to the of the appears as character the If the of or buttons the If the or character the and buttons to increase or the of the character the If the than or character, the and Right buttons to the to the or character. the correct, SAVE Press EXIT to to the previous without Cursor shows typical both item and Pressing HELP that the item the the the and Right buttons to from to the or previous There Press the Right to to the Press the to to the To to each Chapter that than the or that the of the floating type. the displayed as 1.234E6 or Motion MVD and
the and Cursor buttons item Indicates items to selection highlighted selection to and Units Cutoff CHG HELP EXIT Units Cutoff SAVE HELP EXIT DEVICE Flow Rate PRINT RESET EXIT EXIT to up/Scroll SELECT down/Scroll Increase or YES/NO to right Decrease or YES/NO to screen You You You You the the the the
Motion MVD and
Chapter Security and About this chapter This chapter to and the the Security and and to the Section the Security the Security shown to and security and The Security through the as Chapter To security and Chapter Security Security Measures Chapter security and operation. operation Press Press Press Press Displayed only the Displayed the Displayed World to OIML. CAUTION Security Press Press Press Press Chapter Security API
Security and Security Security the following three To to the To write-protect the To and If implemented, the write-protection and the and Chapter If (OIML) implemented, to to the active the and history. Access to the The to The to the of the the Security Section If security prompted to the the or the displayed. If security the displayed immediately. The security them It to the or the To security the Security to To security the Security to The of four using of the four buttons: and Right To the to the Press through Press specify which pressed. To Press the four buttons the Press SEL Write-protecting the the write-protect the the and write-protect To write-protection, Protect to To write-protection, Protect to If write-protection the flow Motion MVD and
Security and and inventory This allows to the that to and inventories: the or II or HART or Can the the Remote Can only II or HART or Remote Can of inventories, and other types, and information and inventories, Chapter the shown to and The through the as Chapter The The immediately. choice of affects the If English selected, English used. If French or selected, used. and Security API
Motion MVD and
Chapter About this chapter This chapter to to the Section the recommended the shown to and The through the option of the To the Chapter severity and operation. Hour Displayed only or CAUTION Month Security API
Table hours, and seconds the character the month, and the severity to reclassified. Section below. This known as the HART or the software It the HART the HART To the HART Section severity four Within each category, classified three of severity. The severity when the Table Table severity Severity action If this and outputs to their Informational If this affected. If this to the active reclassified. The severity A020 factors to Informational or The severity A102 Informational, to or If reclassified, the CHG function assigned to the F1 If reclassified, the F1 The Section information which reclassified. Motion MVD and to and/or characters that this platform The appear operation
Chapter About this chapter This chapter to inputs. include the software and to the Section the recommended the shown and to and input The through the option of the To the You the input the inputs LD If or the and displayed. To assign input to action these platforms, the input shown and operation. or information to actions CAUTION Security API
Core Flow Flow Flow type Displayed only or Displayed only Flow Displayed Flow Displayed only with the Displayed Displayed only Displayed Motion MVD and Core Other high FCF FTG FFQ D1 D2 D3 D4 K1 K2 K3 K4 FD DT DTG DFQ1 DFQ2 offset factor factor factor Flow D1 D2 K1 K2 FD factor factor factor factor information API ED ED to ED Start/stop LD
input, input, Core Flow Scaling Frequency=flow Flow K-factor Displayed only or Displayed only or Displayed only to Displayed only to the Core Core information and input K-factor K-factor input input input Polarity Flow factor factor Security API
and Core the input and them might while connecting the or the input to flow. Table the input Table or and If to The platform input from the to flow, or The the following aborted, RTD required, flow, timeout information about include flow, flow, and each flow and flow flow and flow and that the to flow or flow, the of Flow about the Flow Direction Table Units flow and flow through and and the section this chapter. Flow Flow or the of the flow without affecting the section this chapter. Motion flow of seconds. seconds. Section Flow flow through the and the of the of the to and the of the to of these the following the information the Section the of flow and flow reported Table Select the of flow. flow and displays flow the selected The and inventory the flow the flow below which flow and the section Cutoffs this Section Motion MVD and
Table Flow flow type Select the flow type. If If the section flow and If using the or the Select the of flow. The and inventory the the flow below which flow and displays flow. the section Cutoffs this chapter. Section SCFM Select the of flow. Table The and inventory the SCFM the flow below which flow and displays flow. the section Cutoffs this chapter. Section the of the the section flow and Displayed Flow Displayed only Flow with the of flow flow Flow Flow Negate/Forward To the and Section and flow flowing from flow arrow flowing as arrow flow flow flow flow flow Flow Bidirectional Negate/Bidirectional Security API
Effect of flow outputs: flow Flow Flow only Negate/Forward To the and Section Motion MVD and flow flow flowing from arrow flowing as flow arrow Flow the first of flow or flow, the of flow, to flow of the and to (the of) the flow of flow, (the of) the flow or the to the flow to and higher rates. flow flow flow Flow Bidirectional Negate/Bidirectional
and Flow the of flow or flow, the of flow, to of the and to the of the flow of flow, the of the flow or the to the of the flow to and higher Flow the first of flow, the of flow: of flow: to flow of the and to (the of) the flow If (the of) the flow or the to the flow to and higher rates. to flow of the and to the of the If the of the flow or the to the flow to and higher Security API
Effect of flow outputs, outputs, and Flow Increase OFF Increase OFF Bidirectional Increase OFF Increase Increase OFF Increase ON Negative Negate/Bidirectional Increase ON Decrease Negative Flow OFF Flow ON Negative Increase ON Increase Negative Bidirectional Increase ON Decrease Negative Increase OFF Increase Negate/Forward Increase OFF Increase Negate/Bidirectional Increase OFF Increase flowing as arrow the output to flow Section to the of whether flow or flowing from flow arrow Table Unit Software hour hour tons tons hour tons Motion MVD and Flow Flow Flow Flow Flow Flow
flow Unit Software Pounds hour Pounds Short tons Short tons hour Short tons tons hour LTon/hr tons the following section Table flow Unit Software hour cuft/hr hour U.S. U.S. U.S. hour U.S. U.S. hour hour hour and Security Configuring API
flow Unit Software hour the following section Unit based U.S. Unit based U.S. Unit Software hour Normal Normal Normal hour Normal SCFS feet SCFM hour SCFH SCFD hour the following section and If Flow to the of the to the of the reference If know the that the field. the and If know the of the and to the II, the To the Click Flow Click If the Choose Motion MVD and Select the Choose Select
If listed, its Click Next the reference and reference If these Reference Conditions and reference and reference Click Next The displayed. The displays and the If required, the to If to of flow, flow, and If flow and another flow, the both of: of: Conversion factor the which the to to the or flow of that to the These terms related the following and Select the Other Property Select the that to its Compared to or the information. that selected the the and the and which the the and If the correct, The written to If the correct, and input as required. or that the already of that the already seconds, BaseUnit(s) SpecialUnit(s) BaseUnit(s) ConversionFactor SpecialUnit(s) Security API
To the or and flow or flow to the flow the the factor using the below: the flow or flow and its and Table the to the flow. the to the flow. flow the factor that to the factor flow. flow text NONE the to the flow. The to characters. text NONE the to the The to characters. the to the flow. the to the flow. the factor that to the factor flow. flow NONE the to the flow. The to characters. text NONE the to the the The to characters. SCF the to the flow. the to the flow. flow the factor that to the factor flow. flow NONE the to the flow. The text to characters. NONE the to the the The to characters. Motion MVD and factor)
and Table Table Select the of and displays the selected or the of without affecting the section this chapter. seconds. Section the below which and displays the section Cutoffs this the the density. The the below which flow information about flow, flow Section the high the high The the which flow information about flow, Section the of seconds which their measured flow while the specified the and high seconds. If of flow to the that as as detected. information about flow Section Unit Software SGU corrected) U.S. foot inch Short ton STon/CuYd API API and Security API
and Table Select or and displays the selected or the effects of without affecting the section this chapter. seconds. Section of seconds, which the to of the the process. the smooth fluctuations: high the appear to smoother the slowly. the appear to the output quickly. You the flow and and the following: flow from and therefore, to and flow from flow from Therefore, to You specifically the Section If flow, or the assigned to and the the of the first, and the to the of that to accordingly. rounded to the Flow, and Table Flow and Motion MVD and
Cutoffs Cutoffs below which the reports of the specified Cutoffs flow, flow, or the following The flow to the flow the flow below the cutoff, and therefore the to the flow from the flow The to the flow Accordingly, the below its the flow to Both Section If the or flow, and these to than the and the to when the reached. If the to than the or cutoff, the flow to when the or reached. to accordingly. This section to the or the to flow, density, and The characterization to to the of the with this information. The characterization whether or the currently attached to and the type: or Other If currently attached, the the the type. If currently attached, and specify: of the If the and together, then the already characterized. You to characterize the the and paired together the first The characterization the The of the of purchase. and of and On the (DT) shown as TC. and to factors to factors other Security Configuring API
factors If D1 or D2 D1, the or D1 from the This the of the low-density Motion D2, the or D2 from the This the of the high-density Motion If K1 or K2 K1, the first of the factor. the this shown as K2, the of the factor. the this shown as If FD Motion service. If DT or TC the of the factor. the this shown as Motion MVD and
Flow to flow 6-character FCF and 4-character FT Both characterization, these as 10-character that includes To the the FCF and the FT from the as shown below. the 10-character the as the FCF The should exactly as shown, including the required. other the 10-character the as the Flow The should exactly as shown, including the required. Other factors factors allow to the that matches information. other exactly as they shown the the following: D3 and D4 factors D3 or D4 the field Section K3 and K4 factors the D3 and D4 respectively, and when the D3 and D4 factors Table Other This the The (first characters) applications. If this updated automatically. To Section Motion service offset This the The characters) If this automatically. To Section Motion service and Flow FCF X.XXXX FT X.XX Security API
LD that specifically LD should with other LD with If from LD Optimization, the option appear II or the information information includes that as without affecting or These informational and required. information and Table Table information Uninitialized Automatically based and the that the Unknown Select the flow Unknown Select the Select the the flow to distinguish these input from the input Section which to the input The input allow to action that when: ON received from input Section information the input Chapter information You assign or actions to input or assigned actions Actions and assignments and and Table If or to Section to assign action to input. To assign batch function to input or Chapter To assign function to input or Chapter Motion MVD and If the to facility to or thereafter, LD completed the LD Optimization. CAUTION
Table input actions and assignments Action Assignment input input the of the to the of the to the of the to API corrected ED ED the of the ED to ED the of the ED to the of to Start/stop If stopped, If started, Displayed only Displayed Displayed with Configuring the input input the input to input and input Flow Select the of or flow. Table Scaling flow Select flow, or The input of to If selected as the the (or that the Flow If flow selected as the the flow that the If selected as the the of input that or Units If selected as the the of or that input K-factor The K-factor or which factors To the K-factor, the following The and The as factor flow and displays. and the of the API corrected to the of the ED to Section the process. Section Security API
input Specify the input or that this action. Specify the input or that this action. Displayed or flow of of the reference flow reveals that the the input the information the Section the to distinguish these input from the input Section which to assign actions to and These allow to the the inputs. You each input input options and Section Section and Chapter of the actions that input. input Polarity Active Active The input active when the input and V. The input inactive when the input and V. Active high The input active when the input and V. The input inactive when the input and V. Motion MVD and the following to the K-factor: K-factor of Reference flow K-factor Indicated K-factor
the input to to or from You or or both. and optional. only to and the operating significantly from to the or the If or the that If or the of the or the CTL (Correction of applications. To the Applications from the Section If or that the and To the input and that the wired HART Section The input and Table input You or both: as The the HART as Choose this option the another acting as secondary HART as secondary The the HART as secondary Choose this option the another acting as If both and the both. other as and the other as secondary then the other as or secondary Select the to through this NONE the HART of the to or Select to to PSI Select the that the that Flow factor PSI The the flow PSI. Not or correction factor flow. the to used, the then the of the flow the PSI, correction factor of PSI). and Security API
Table input factor The PSI. Not or PSI correction factor the to used, the then the of the the PSI, correction factor of PSI). PSI The which the (which therefore the which there the factor). to the shipped with If the Displayed Polling to Displayed to Motion MVD and Select to Select to
Chapter About this chapter This chapter to include the software to the Section the recommended the shown to and The through the option of the To the Chapter You and operation. CAUTION Batch
Polarity Active high Active Assignment input input Flow switch Flow Batch timeout Batch Batch Batch Batch Batch Batch secondary Flow switch Flow switch Switch Displayed batch batch function Displayed of to Displayed and World to OIML Displayed Flow Switch selected. Displayed Flow to Displayed Displayed Displayed Flow to Read-only; to Displayed Flow selected. Displayed only selected. Displayed selected. Displayed Indication to Motion MVD and Condition measured timeout assignment flow API: corrected API: corrected API: Batch weighted API: Batch weighted ED: reference ED: SGU) ED: ED: flow ED: flow ED: flow input flow flow seconds Flow flow flow flow API: corrected flow ED: flow ED: flow ED: flow input Scaling Flow Active Polarity Active high Active Downscale measured timeout
the You or three outputs. each Polarity Assignment connected to factory-supplied or user-supplied relays. relay instructions, D. specifications of the relay Motion, C. Polarity The to ON or OFF states. The the polarity, as shown Table shows of typical polarity Polarity Active high The to when asserted (when to DO The when asserted (when to the DO Active The when asserted (when to DO The to when asserted (when to the DO and Batch
Source assignment The ON/OFF of the the input, or assigned to the as Table the batch or of the to the or secondary the following section batch Table Source The inactive. input The input input The input The The The The The Flow switch The the of flow switch. the section Flow switch this chapter. Flow The the The ON The that information about Section Batch timeout At of batch or batch the active flow measured the amount of Batch The the batch Batch only. batch active the batch completed or batch to batch or Batch The when the batch the of or subtracted from that batch warn. Batch The when the batch the amount batch Batch The the The while the or secondary Batch The the Motion MVD and If batch assigned to the to batch or To batch or output to batch assigned to the CAUTION
Source Batch secondary The the secondary If to FDW, the activated of the following The Flow If to the activated of the following The of Flow other types. The when occurred only). Displayed and World to OIML. Flow switch Flow switch to that the of the flow switch flow, flow) below the flow switch The switch the that monitored. including and or flow assigned as the flow switch The switch around the within which the flow switch The The to At the flow switch OFF. the flow switch and the first reading below the flow switch ON and ON the flow At this OFF, and off the below It to assign flow switch to than they the and batch If there assignment: If specified, assigned to Batch or If specified: The Indication the of the Indication shown Table and One assigned to One assigned to Secondary One optionally assigned to Batch Batch
Table and Condition DO ON DO OFF V) DO its assignment DO its assignment Downscale DO OFF V) DO ON DO its assignment DO its assignment DO its assignment The Indication to the and to that If to the to Condition to the as Section and Indication to If this, the of the ON whenever active, and OFF otherwise. the outputs includes the following Specifying the to to the the Select or To indication, specify: Condition Condition to or Downscale) Measured The Condition the indication, or the of the output Condition shown Table If or Downscale specified, the and shown Motion MVD and Polarity Active High Polarity Active or of To identified, Downscale or CAUTION
the immediately reports when encountered. You reporting the timeout. Measured Timeout the seconds, that the its detected. the timeout expired, the its Table outputs Condition Downscale If Condition to and the this of Condition Downscale If Condition to Downscale, and the this of Condition to the that of the of the Condition The The measured the seconds, that the timeout to its detected. seconds. The displayed only Condition to or Downscale. This the If the timeout the the displayed the and the selected The to the of this within the the the following section). the and related the Table and the assignment without the the assignment the automatically. The or the process. To causing the (LRV and URV) the assignment. Section CAUTION to to Not Not Not Batch
selected or URV) the the the section LRV and URV or LRV) the the the section LRV and URV seconds Not The lowest that the as (read-only) The highest that the as The allowable the and the as applications, the Flow Cutoff used. Motion service the Flow Cutoff applications, the Seconds used. Motion service the Seconds LRV and URV that assigned to its and (URV and LRV). If assign to the LRV and URV and used. LRV and URV LRV and URV LRV URV flow flow C C flow SCFM SCFM C C Enhanced Enhanced Motion MVD and If assigned to the the the flow below which the flow. If the than the or flow cutoff, this the section Select the amount of the to that or the section
with of the software, the LRV and URV from the and the the LRV and URV to their assigned to the and the LRV and URV then assigned to the and finally flow reassigned to the the LRV and URV flow to the earlier of the software, the LRV and URV to factory Cutoffs the and the and flow If flow or flow assigned to the Section and the Flow Cutoff the the highest as shown the following Section information the flow, flow, and cutoffs. the and the flow, flow, and If the assigned to Section and Seconds the the of the first, and the Seconds to the of that the following and flow flow AO flow the flow below flow. flow flow AO flow cutoff: If the flow below below If the below both flow. The flow. The flow. Batch
the and the that the Flow the that the Select of the following: input flow flow Scaling flow Select flow, or Units/pulse. the that the Flow. To the Section The of to Flow the that to Section the of that or Motion MVD and Flow flow flow seconds: flow reflected the that than seconds. The the to internal algorithms which The (the Flow It affected the Seconds or of To identified, Downscale or CAUTION flow API only and to flow) flow and to flow) flow and to flow) The output the or to the process.
Table the of or that The below the milliseconds: information, Section Active Select Active or the VDC active operation, VDC operation. Sourcing VDC active operation. active or operation. Active high the active Active high The active the high Active The active the Downscale Downscale: to to to The output The the that transmitted the to measured the seconds, that the to timeout its detected. Either or flow the of Flow Section Displayed Scaling to Flow. Displayed Scaling to Displayed only Scaling to Units/pulse. This the If the timeout the the displayed the and If specify Flow, and Flow. Flow as the flowrate to then using the following where: Flow flowrate (Flow factor to selected flow to seconds of as the and Flow Batch
The within the of the to If the than the higher If the than the flowrate Flow The the of the active of the that the to the The active the high or V, the polarity as shown Polarity Active High Polarity Active to or to and milliseconds. The to the If to the of the illustrated Motion MVD and Flow Flow width
If to the the At below the the the and the At the the output to The as follows: You the that the to High-frequency counters such as and Motion peripherals usually approximately counters and that low-scan rates input with and low-frequency counters specified typical applications, the used. The wired to PLC with specified of The If using the Flow and to Motion the factor to below Section If using the or to that allows to and to than the msec ON and the OFF as required. higher than the with Batch
Motion MVD and
Chapter the Application About this chapter This chapter to the (API The include the software The optional of the and To that the to Section to the Section the recommended API the API shown to and The API of the which through the option of the To the API Chapter Displayed to 6C, 24C, or 54C. Read-only. Read-only Table to or and operation. operation functions CAUTION API Table type TEC Reference Security API
the Application About The Correction of of or CTL. other that flow or to factors, and comply with American (API) The the that API-related The only the Definitions The following and this chapter: API American CTL Correction of The CTL to the VCF TEC Thermal VCF Correction Factor. The correction factor to to VCF CTL CTL There CTL: based and based user-supplied reference (or thermal and The choice of reference the to used, as Section The and Table Table type Select the that matches Section TEC Thermal to CTL Read-only. the reference the reference Read-only. the reference the reference Reference Read-only Table type to or If Specify the reference to CTL reference C. Displayed Table to 6C, 24C, or 54C. the the API reference should the the to processing. To the Section Motion MVD and
the Application Reference Reference reference CTL type, and The selected the options. Reference CTL The C or that to terminate the type of that the Table these API reference CTL 5A F, to 5B F, to 5D F, to 23A F, to 23B F, to 23D F, to 53A C, to 53B C, to 53D C, to 6C F, F API 24C F, F Relative 54C C, C and If or the reference F, and If or the reference C. the reference as recommended locations to or C). If specify or CTL Section If specify or CTL using Section with and JP4 applications. with products. C with with or known thermal with API (SG) and API Relative Reference Supports Security Security Security Security API API API API
the Application the to CTL the from the or To from the action required. To as Section the the CTL Motion MVD and
Chapter About this chapter This chapter to include the software to the Section the recommended the shown to and The of the which through the option of the To the Chapter About the of user-specified user-specified to actions the platform. the to the flow specified of the firmware, previous the and they the and and operation. CAUTION Batch
functions type HI LO IN HI/LO OUT HI/LO HI PV LO PV You to as the following Select type the selected of the Table the assigned than the high HI HI LO the assigned than the IN HI/LO the assigned than the and than the high OUT HI/LO the assigned than the or than the high the assigned to the high or the selected Motion MVD and If HI, IN HI/LO, or OUT HI/LO. If LO, IN HI/LO, or OUT HI/LO. API Chapter
High and the assigned to the selected high or high and as the type. the that the selected Table and the type HI, and the HI PV to If the flow the If the flow the Table High and of HI PV If type HI or OUT HI/LO, the which the If type IN HI/LO, the below which the If type OUT HI/LO or IN HI/LO, LO PV LO PV If type LO or OUT HI/LO, the below which the If type IN HI/LO, the which the If type OUT HI/LO or IN HI/LO, HI PV actions To action to To Section To assign action, Section To batch function, Section To assign Section To assign function, To Section If the assign the function. If than action assigned to assigned actions when the when the flow or than and Select as the flow Section the Section the type LO and the flow. of the LO PV the the Inputs/Core Start/stop to Section Batch
Motion MVD and
Chapter the Batch Application About this chapter This chapter to the batch The batch includes the software Information formatting and batch Chapter Information operating the batch Chapter The batch optional of the platform, and To that the to Section If the batch with the information and the batch to the Section the recommended batch the Batch shown to and batch The Batch through the option of the To the Chapter and operation, including to while batch the to other To while batch CAUTION Configuring Batch
the Batch Application Flow options input ED ED ED API Displayed Flow to Section Displayed Flow to Section If and and the mass-based. If and and the volume-based. If If to If Source to If and If of to If Warning to If to Batching To the following required: From the Batch Motion MVD and batch of of Count warning AOC timeout flow options. or (optional). batch batch Preset secondary warning batch Stop flow input input
the Batch Application From the the outputs: If the Batch AOC option, should batch AOC overshoot Batch AOC to the amount of overshoot batch. Section information batch AOC You optionally the batch and Chapter information and Flow The flow the that batch Select of the Table If the batch that the as the batch flow Chapter information. Table Flow Flow Source Batch START appear input input from Motion IFT9701 or RFT9739 input from from or from or from or ED flow reference flow the software and to flow. the and operation, This the or the as to This required. operation, or three One to the (required) One to the secondary (required) One to the (optional; installation) You the that as whether or them and the manually). You to batch the Section information the outputs. Batch
the Batch Application Flow Flow Source ED flow the software and to flow. the ED flow reference flow the software and to flow. the API corrected flow Displayed Flow to Section Displayed Flow to Section Displayed the Displayed the options Select of the options options apply to batch Table options batch Select to the batch Select to the batch The operation to the If the with World to NTEP or World to OIML with Chapter Batch to and The the flow or the batch or batch flow inhibited while batch of to to seconds. to the Section of of batch or the Section of of to This the of to the right of the the If to the batch when the the batch. If to the RESET batch and assigned to or Section If the installed, to and of the following World to NTEP, or World to OIML and the batch Motion MVD and flow the correction factor the Chapter
the Batch Application options Count If to the increases from to the If to the displayed from the to The of the Count option affects only the It of If the with World to NTEP or World to OIML with batching Chapter Count to and Select to the warning. warning Warning and warning the selected to the warning. Warning only, and operation. Warning active batch AOC Select to Overshoot Compensation (AOC). batch AOC and batch AOC the batch the to the If AOC to batch AOC to the process. To batch AOC Section Select to indication. and the selected the batch when the batch the than the amount. assigned to Section If to the from the batch If to the batch from the batch when batch 1.0000E9 If to the that the allowed to the batch If Source to the batch the of the timeout. to the batch as as the If the with World to NTEP or World to OIML with batching Chapter Source to and timeout This to the of from to which If the when the timeout the of Select of or Quantity. If to of Primary, Secondary, Primary, and Warning each as of Section If to Quantity, and Secondary each as which the should and Warning each as that subtracted from the Section To Primary, Secondary, Primary, and Warning Section and Batch
the Batch Application two-stage If of to or to the batch. (You both and although necessary.) the batch started, the or the the the or the Primary, Secondary, and when the Section If of to to the batch, and the following apply when the Both and Secondary Either or Secondary to Both to You to batch its the options To first the to then its Table If to the batch selected the Section If to the batch and selected. Preset Preset Preset Preset If selected as the that apply to this the The batch based the that of or the or the of the which the the this section. or Secondary to If of these to the other to automatically. To batch Section batch started, the assigned to Section of or the or the of the which the secondary secondary the this section. or Secondary to If of these to the other to automatically. To batch Section batch started, the secondary assigned to Section of or the subtracted from the or the of the which the the this section. The secondary when the achieved. To batch Section batch started, the assigned to Section Motion MVD and the that appear and selection of characters characters displayed. You the and right to through and the
the Batch Application Table of or If Warning as option, the subtracted from the or the of the which the the this section. Warning assigned to Section To the warning, Section the which the batch completed. If as option, the amount the which batch indicated. the and should indicated assigned to Section To indication, Section This only of to This displayed Warning to started. This to Batch The following the batch batch of batch including the STOP and RESUME functions processing, Section the following and The The the of the batch and when The secondary when The when Secondary Warning Batch
the Batch Application of the following Batch Batch functions four the function buttons the Section assigning input to batch function assigning to batch function II) Table the batch and Table the batch to or To assign input or to function: Select the batch function to Specify the input or that the batch function. of the batch functions operation, Chapter You or actions to input or assigned actions that with the batch and others, commands, To assign or function to input, or batch Section To assign function to input or Chapter Motion MVD and The The the of the batch and when The secondary when The when Since of Secondary Since Secondary of Warning Since Warning of
the Batch Application Table Batch assignments Function assignment Assignment options ON actions the input or that the batch function: input input batch Batch started. Batch temporary the batch While inhibited, flow incremented. batch to Batch while batch or while batch batch the reached or the batch that Counting from the which the batch stopped. the batch the and the Stop the batch. The batch resumed. If as option, the the To or Section Selects and (as the the batch. flow the batch Used to allow the batch to while flow The batch to To Section Table input and batch Batch function input Turns ON batch; restarted. batch While ON Batch started. If attempted, posted. and OFF action While OFF Batch started. OFF action of batch the batch. The batch resumed. The batch the batch. Batch
the Batch Application Table input and batch Batch function input ON Batch incrementing. If the batch option to posted. If the batch option to the batch ON Batch to ON batch. ON batch. Stop ON batch. Batch resumed. ON the batcher to the the Works batch ON Batch incrementing. AOC batch There batch that the the batch while Motion MVD and While ON Batch OFF incrementing. While OFF Batch flow detected, whether or batch OFF action OFF action OFF action OFF action OFF action While ON Batch The active, and when the batch reached or when END command received. OFF incrementing. While OFF Batch processing, the batch whenever through the detected. If to through the without incrementing the assign input to the function. processing, batch while flow If to batch while assign input to the Flow function.
Chapter the About this chapter This chapter to the to the Section the recommended the shown to and The through the option of the To the and operation. operation CAUTION of W&M Displayed only the and World to OIML. Batch
the The allows to specify the that appear the You to each Font to the of Table information about the Chapter Select the that appear Select the that appear Select the that appear Select the that appear screen flow Select the that appear Screen Select the that appear Select the that appear Select the that appear screen the that appear Select the that appear the that appear Select the that appear Select the that appear flow Select the that appear Select the that appear Select the that appear Screen flow Select the that appear flow the that appear Select the that appear Select the that appear The allows to the following: The of the shown the This the or The to and inventory the The of the only). To the of Select from the Specify the of that displayed. The to Motion MVD and
the To the or inventory Select the or inventory from the the to used. This the and Additionally, the and World to OIML, this allows to specify or to with the and, optionally, the This typically to the (the To this: Select the from the W&M to or Not as information, Section The often the refreshed with The The to The to the the reported outputs or and Batch Batch Batch Batch
Motion MVD and
Chapter About this chapter This chapter to formatting and information, Chapter To to the Section the recommended the Communication shown through to and The RS-485 factors: Which Whether or the If the whether World to OIML or NTEP The Communication through the option of the To the Chapter You RS-485 the Chapter Although the Communication to formatting and these topics this chapter. information formatting and Chapter and operation. operation CAUTION Custody
RS-485 HART, RTU, or ASCII) HART RTU ASCII If HART RS-485, RS-485 and Polling Section Displayed to RTU or ASCII. Displayed World to OIML, and to information, Section RS-485 HART RTU ASCII Motion MVD and selection Pre header footer Parity Chars of RS-485 Parity Stop Polling RS-485 Format W&M Chapter Not displayed Displayed batch Not displayed World to OIML. Displayed to
and If HART RS-485, RS-485 and Polling Section Displayed Command to RS-485 RS-485 specify the the RS-485 (To RS-485 Section The RS-485 HART, RTU, ASCII or displayed to choice of Configuring HART, RTU, or ASCII to HART, RTU, and ASCII and Table If HART the both HART/RS-485 and the following section). other specified apply to HART/RS-485 the RS-485 They apply to the and Polling PV Downscale NAN flow HART QV HART ID Custody
HART, RTU, and ASCII Select the to with the Parity or as the This read-only: HART and RTU ASCII Stop or as the If HART the Stop to (HART) the to assigned to the (Modbus) If the following If HART/RS-485 HART the the following section. HART the If the HART to other than the and or RTU or ASCII only) the floating Select of the following: the and HART The the RS-485 and The HART the RS-485 HART specified) or the both the HART both the RS-485 terminals and the Communicating with RS-485 (both and there Service RS-485 Service and Therefore, they easy and the and the with and the service when the and the secured. Immediately the the RS-485 terminals service seconds. To this as If service the terminals service Motion MVD and
Table service RTU Stop Parity Address/Tag COM COM assigned to PC If the the terminals to RS-485 and that To the to the To switch from service to RS-485 or the then and the If the Service only the security switch OFF If the terminals service and the security switch then turned ON (secured), the terminals to RS-485 If there service To service off the security switch and as to: with the Format headers and footers. information, Chapter Specify to input or information, Chapter The to and Table These To these to Table selection the type of to used. The option to or FDW to interface Select the to to with the Parity Select or as the Select or as the and Custody
Stop or as the Chars the of characters to to the The The the Motion recommends this and the used. the of the characters. The The the Motion this and the used. This read-only, and shown user reference. If than of to or of the If and out-of-paper detected: If the and World to OIML, shown the seconds. other A130 posted. The cleared when the out-of-paper the to should the the the If RS-485 Section with the selected the instructions the selected The to HART the physical (To Section parity, and and that and Table the HART to assigned to the HART the Select to Select to Select to burst Select to burst Motion MVD and
Table Specify the type of information that burst Select from: The the (PV) each burst PV The the of and the each burst Pct The PV, SV, TV, and (QV) and the reading each burst C, each the the four burst flow the to Select the from the the to Select the from the the to Select the from the the to Select the from the If HART RS-485, Polling RS-485 and Section Section Section The (PV) the reported the (MAO1). The secondary (SV) the reported the secondary (MAO2). The tertiary (TV) the reported the The (QV) HART, and assigned through the Section This appears specified Command. to or the If the and therefore to If the as (or HART burst of which the broadcasts the HART The Command allows to specify the and of the ordinarily and should another the HART burst and Custody
Communicating with (both and to the the Table Table HART Stop Parity Address/Tag the COM COM assigned to PC The to the and indication. Table and the Table The to This to from the as follows: the than the Downscale the than the Flow and to their internal NAN (Not IEEE NAN. flow Flow rates to their other affected. reported as measured. HART QV The to assigned to the (QV). the of Command HART ID The HART ID once, and usually the factory to the If the HART ID its The of the This required. the service to the service and the month, and the processed. the service to the service and the ID. Motion MVD and user-supplied This required. The to characters. user-supplied This required. The to characters.
Chapter Custody About this chapter This chapter to the The known as the and The optional of the and To that the to Section to the Section the About The to allow with and While the secured, and functions and manually. functions the to existing To these functions manually, the switch and and physical security. security breach the switch or the replaced. types, the while security breach active, or while batch to the of when the secured or and operation. CAUTION Custody
Custody options The to comply with three of as the the below and follow the instructions the that to National (NTEP) Custody (NTEP) of the software, this type World (OIML) Custody (OIML) and (OIML/batch) only or they or If the (OIML) the batch and the batch to batches that previous of the software, the OIML The (OIML) to the previously known as The (OIML/batch) with software Motion MVD and Custody (NTEP) the batch batches, as the batch Accordingly, the batch (the batch as the (the and the measured and the batch To (NTEP), follow the instructions Section (OIML) installations, the batch and the to the (OIML/batch) installations, the batch and the or the batch to the The and or The options and Table To (OIML) or (OIML/batch), follow the instructions Section
Custody Transaction and Custody type batch Transaction NTEP Batch Batch Measured batch by: Batch (NTEP) or Batch function OIML Not or OIML/batch and Batch Batch Measured batch by: Batch (OIML) or Batch function If (NTEP) To (NTEP): to World to NTEP that the including the batch completely and tested. that the batch flow to the to (the Only the following If or Section to Section the and to Select and Section and as Section the security switch The security switch switch. Security the security switch ON. instructions the Section authorized of the and instructions the Section and API corrected ED API corrected ED flow flow input Measured manually by: (OIML) function Measured manually by: (OIML) function Batch (NTEP) (OIML) Batch (OIML) (OIML) Custody
Custody Security (NTEP) (OIML) and (OIML/batch) To (OIML) or (OIML/batch): to that the including batch, completely and tested. the following: Section Motion MVD and World NTEP OIML Switch World to OIML Batch displayed) as The batch and Not The batch and API or Enhanced displayed) as API or as the Not API or as the Flow to flow OIML If the batch that the batch to the to (the the following flow API corrected the the previous ED flow the the Security Read-only.
Custody If the with that appear the (OIML) and the and optionally, the To this, to and: The Not Approved. It to than to Approved. If this, with with batch (OIML) Section of the If that as with the the Section To this, to and as the and Typically, (OIML) or batch (OIML) the (OIML) using the function, and (OIML/batch) the batch. These options to the and To options Section that the input to when the input activated, and the other allows to containing only inventory The input and specified reflected the options, and and Select the and W&M to this with the (OIML) and the and optionally the other W&M to Not Approved as with the the Section Not with the If (OIML) or batch (OIML) to to Select and Section and as Section If the function the RESET-T to and to other than The RESET-T from the the If the function input or input to to other than Select Select Screen then the input to to the Select Scr to and specify the to to the when the specified input activated. Custody
Custody If input assigned to both (OIML) and or batch the (OIML) printed. With the of and or actions to input. assigned actions Other input actions and assignments and Table If that the user to the active the history, and the To this, to and: Once the to this and or the [Measuring Directive (MID) and the (FVZ) To FVZ, the to Section This only that include If or FVZ Germany) and the the and The MID the security switch The security switch switch. Security the security switch ON. instructions the Section authorized of the and Measures instructions the Section Motion MVD and If the batch function, the RESET from the batch or assign the batch function to input or Section the four that the the
Custody Security (OIML) and (OIML/batch) the security switch Security the security switch to ON. The security switch switch. of the security switch the the to the security switch This instructions or Rack-mount or Field-mount or Follow the instructions To the security switch or mounted the If the security switch while produced. the screws the that the screw-type or I/O the back of the the from the back The security switch located the back To the the switch the the bracketed or I/O the the back Tighten the screws to the to the back to the and Measures World NTEP OIML batch API Enhanced Core Switch Security Displayed only batch Displayed Displayed only installed. Read-only. Custody
Custody Security switch or Rack-mount To the security switch or mounted the screws that the front of the to the rack. the platform of the the protective The security switch located the back of the To the the switch the the protective and Section through the shown This and inspector. the platform with the the the platform the the the back with the (Optional) the top or screws the front of the platform with the screws. four screws tightly to the the (Optional) and through the the front Motion MVD and Custody and inspector Section Security switch Security when
Custody Security switch rack-mount or Custody and Protective inspector Section screws rack-mount platform Field-mount and atmosphere, the cover within disconnected. the board Optional and inspector Section top or screws with the screws WARNING Security switch Security when screw Custody
Custody To the security switch the or Unscrew the board cover. The security switch located the the To the the switch the the mounting the the cover. Tighten the cover to Security switch or Motion MVD and of the If or other the cover of the board Apply steady to the Chipped of the housing. If the chipped, repaint the housing. apply the or the platform. board within Security switch Security when mounting CAUTION hasp and and inspector Section
Custody the and The and and and inspector or authorized third party. On or the inspector the through the as shown On rack-mount or locations the and On field-mount or hasp the housing located the cover. The cover four The inspector the through the the hasp and the the as shown and Required: The inspector through the as shown Optional: The inspector through the the screws the front of the platform, as shown Custody
Motion MVD and
Chapter and About this chapter This chapter to and To to Section to the Section the recommended There types. the batch and the Table of each type You each type separately. types, that of included or excluded, and the to automatically, batch, or when You manually the PRINT the or input. Format the that Formatting of each type Sections through and operation. operation CAUTION Custody
Formatting and batch Custody (NTEP) batch Custody (OIML) batch or Custody (OIML/batch) batch and to batch when the or the World to OIML, and the batch to batch when the and World to NTEP. to batch when the World to OIML, and the batch Not the batch Table type and and Batch and Batch and Batch Batch (NTEP) and Batch and and Batch Batch BOL (OIML) and and and BOL Batch (OIML) and Batch and and Batch Batch BOL Audit only. and and as Appears when the World to OIML, and the batch or security breach. Motion MVD and Batch Not Security Breach Not Not with flow the Security Not Batch (NTEP) Batch (OIML) (OIML)
Formatting and This section the formatting and of To the Communication RS-485 and to The shown displayed. Select as Table Other this The and Footer shared with types. formatting to the and the include the and Section or Section other HART RTU ASCII and selection Pre header Footer footer Parity Chars of RS-485 to Not displayed Displayed only batch and only to batch Not displayed World to OIML. Custody
and Pre header feed. footer ASCII two-character the linefeed character 0A" A). Leading or trailing Not of height. If height the height used. You manually, the or input. You that You as of these as To from the the PRINT The PRINT appears whenever the function The The active history, or If the connected to specify whether or include the and when To this, the option the following section. input or You the that whenever input activated or This include or assigned printed. To this: From the Communication RS-485 then the option, the input or to which the to option, the that when the specified input activated or the You as as only) If specified the option to whether or the include the and when With or Without Motion MVD and Text the this of the header or the footer. You to characters. as to characters. or This the the and the following Font Normal height Select height or height.
and You or actions to input or Other input and actions and assignments and Table that assign to input or batch, batch (NTEP), and batch (OIML) printed, (OIML) assigned with other types, only the (OIML) printed. If required, the (OIML) to input and other to the input. Batch This section the formatting and of batch To batch the Communication RS-485 and to The shown displayed. Select as Table Other this The and with types. formatting batch to Batch HART RTU ASCII and RS-485 selection Pre header Footer footer Parity Stop Chars of to Not and World to OIML. Custody
Formatting and Table batch Pre header footer feed. of The of batch to the function or Select batch to the of each batch. the reached and flow Select to the of each batch. Not of If height the height used. Batch Automatically, when the batch or when Manually, the or input Information this section to batch that as information batch as Section batch (NTEP) or Section batch (OIML) To batch when the batch reached, the and of as To batch from the the PRINT The PRINT appears only when the batch appear when the batch stopped. input or You the that batch whenever input activated or This include or to the batch assigned printed. To this: From the Communication RS-485 then the Screen option, the input or to which the to option, specify the that when the specified input activated or the You as as Motion MVD and Text the text this of the header or the footer. You to characters. as to characters. or This the the and the following Font Normal height Select height or height.
Formatting and If the flow (the batch or the batch printed. flow the flow and the batch that You or actions to input or Other input and actions and assignments and Table that to input or batch, batch (NTEP), and batch (OIML) printed, (OIML) assigned with other types, only the (OIML) printed. If required, the (OIML) to input and assign other to the input. If printed: With With each the and batch that when the printed. Batch (NTEP) This section the formatting and of when the World NTEP. Formatting The batch (NTEP) basically batch with To batch (NTEP) Format batch as Section the Communication RS-485 then Format W&M The shown displayed. as Table Other this The Pre and Footer with types. formatting batch (NTEP) to and Custody
Formatting and Batch (NTEP) HART RTU ASCII Batch (NTEP) Batch Starting batch of (BOL). (BOL) Not of height. If height the height, height used. Batch (NTEP) Automatically, when the batch or when Manually, using the or input batch (NTEP) the of applied. The when the first batch (NTEP) the batch. This when the batch the increased, and the batch then resumed. this though the Motion MVD and selection Pre header footer Parity Stop Chars of Text the text this of the header or the footer. You to characters. of characters displayed. as to characters. or This the the and the following Font Normal height Select height or height. RS-485 Format W&M Footer Batch (BOL) apply to batch (NTEP) batch (NTEP) whether or manually. to
and To batch (NTEP) when the batch reached, the batch to To batch (NTEP) from the the PRINT the batch The PRINT appears when the batch appear when the batch input or You the to batch (NTEP) when input activated or This include or to the batch (NTEP) assigned printed. To this: From the Communication RS-485 then the Screen option, the input or to which the to option, specify the that when the input activated or the You specify as as If the flow (the batch or the batch (NTEP) printed. flow the and the batch (NTEP) that You or actions to input or Other input and actions and assignments and Table Additional the batch batch (NTEP) the manually, the PRINT or activating input that to batch (NTEP) The batch (NTEP) and the first, include the (OIML) This section the formatting and of when the World OIML and the batch to the To (OIML) the Communication RS-485 and to The shown displayed. Select Format W&M as Table and Custody
and The Pre Footer, and Footer shared with types. formatting (OIML) to Other this Table of the Format displayed. This the W&M option Section (OIML) HART RTU ASCII (OIML) Pre header footer feed. Footer Motion MVD and selection Pre header Footer footer Parity Stop Chars of Not to (OIML) Used to (OIML) Used to other types. Text the text this of the header or the footer. You to characters. as to characters. or This the the and the following Font Normal height Select height or height. RS-485 Format W&M (BOL) occurred of to to
Formatting and Table (OIML) of (BOL). (BOL) the the If the completed, the Not of If height the height, height used. flow and If each specify the there other to the they the (OIML) manually, the PRINT the or input to (OIML) The of the the the of the and the Conditions and the of the as shown Table and With Flow there flow through the If of flow, and the includes the completed, and the flow and the the With Flow while flow occurring. If while occurring, the flow and the the and the If of and the includes the completed, and the and the the If of and the include the the and the completed. issued printed. issued printed. occurred include the occurred the processing. include the occurred the processing. of The of (OIML) to when received. The to Custody
and Table of (OIML) Flow of Conditions Flow N/A With Flow Not and with the N/A with Custody completed written to BOL incremented Next This function flow and Conditions to Flow. To (OIML) from the From the Select the type of to Press the PRINT button. input You input to (OIML) You or actions to input. Other input actions and assignments and Table that assign to input, batch, and batch (OIML) from input, (OIML) assigned with other types, the (OIML) printed. If required, the (OIML) to input and other to the input. To this: From the Communication RS-485 then the Screen option to the input to which assign the (OIML) the to option to the of that when the specified input activated. Motion MVD and N/A Flow N/A Not and If Inventory API Inventory or ED Inventory selected, this of flow the to completed and to recorded the If Inventory selected, this the to completed and recorded the
Formatting and The and to options to the and To options Section that this includes the Inventory option, and the input when the input activated. The input and specified reflected the options, and If required, of to the (OIML) the and to the OIML they the Batch (OIML) This section the formatting and of when the World OIML and the batch to the Formatting To batch (OIML) the Communication RS-485 and to The shown displayed. Select Format W&M as Table The Pre Footer, and shared with types. formatting (OIML) or batch (OIML) to Other this Table previous of the Format displayed. This the W&M option the Section and Custody
Formatting and Batch (OIML) HART RTU ASCII to batch Not to batch (OIML) to batch (OIML) Table Batch (OIML) Pre header footer feed. Not to batch (OIML) Batch (BOL) Not of height. If height the height used. Motion MVD and selection Pre header Footer footer Parity Chars of Text the text this of the header or the footer. You to characters. as to characters. or This the the and the following Font Normal height Select height or RS-485 Format W&M Footer Batch (BOL) batch of (BOL). inputs to to
Formatting and Batch (OIML) Automatically, when the batch Manually, the or input batch (OIML) the of applied. The when the first batch (OIML) the batch. This when the batch the increased, and the batch then resumed. this though the batch To batch (OIML) when the batch reached, the batch to To batch (OIML) from the the PRINT the batch The PRINT appears when the batch appear when the batch stopped. input or You the to batch (OIML) when input activated or This include or to the batch (OIML) assigned printed. You assign or actions to input or Other input and actions and assignments and Table that assign to input or and batch (OIML) from input or (OIML) assigned with other types, the (OIML) printed. If required, assign the (OIML) to input and assign other to the input. To this: From the Communication RS-485 then the Screen option to the input to which assign the batch (OIML) the to option to specify that batch printed. this the If required, the PRINT or the input to the batch One each The the and Custody
Motion MVD and
Chapter Procedures About this chapter This chapter the that of the these as troubleshooting or The following Applying to the Testing the and If or the to the other as Applying apply to the and housing covers. Turn the the supply. The its testing, the approximately seconds. the completed: The Motion displayed to three seconds. displayed to three seconds. The operation and the without covers that death, or property and covers the field-wiring, and housing applying to the If the batch the displayed, as shown If the batch the batch displayed WARNING Custody
Procedures If there active the the To acknowledge, or to the Chapter to with the to to this the instability or Communication Communication the as as the If the or II with establish with the immediately the information II and information the Communicator. If II the RS-485 physical the RS-485 terminals to establish service seconds immediately If service this the terminals to the to the II appropriately. This section to or the establishes the of reference when there flow. The the factory, and should to field to or to the factory the to the the amount of the to its reference The seconds. reference to This to the increased of flow, which incorrect to reference. applications, the the active. Correct the then the You the low-severity active. Section information and Motion MVD and
Procedures and restoring If the Section troubleshooting information. Additionally, the You the factory This the to the obtained the factory, the factory the If II to the the immediately function), as as closed the or from the Once closed the or from the the To the the to the instruction Apply to the then allow to least the to measured through the the the operating the shutoff downstream from the the completely with of and flow through the through the completely Performing the To the From the The through the option of the the and the displayed Flow Rate If Section Select then SEL and If flowing through the the To the and that flow through the completely The counts to seconds. The displays Progress and the offset microseconds. CAUTION Custody Custody Custody Custody
Procedures the Press EXIT to to the (Optional) To clear the from the active and the the top of the acknowledge the using the Motion MVD and the active the from active to inactive unacknowledged. If the succeeded, Success displayed. If the Failed displayed.
Procedures flow factory and reading reads match? reading reads match? D1 High D2 Flowing D3 D3 Read-only; displayed reference only. Displayed only using the and the factory Displayed the batch Displayed the D4 D4 Batch AOC Chapter Chapter High High the Chapter Uncertainty Counter Custody Custody Custody Custody
Procedures If the reads the completed. Flow of the Partially flow improperly mounted To clear Press EXIT to the then correcting the or Abort the to the If the factory or Section Testing the and outputs The to the and shows the The through the option of the the the of Read the and as received from the of the input outputs, and the Displayed Displayed The the as the The through the allows to the pickoff, right pickoff, and The and its Chapter and Motion MVD and input input input outputs
Procedures Reading and testing the to to and the of and States shown (ON) (OFF) To the inputs, the input and that the the Reading and testing the input If the wired input, to to and the of the input. The displayed To the input, the the input and that the the Reading and testing the and If or to to and the and the To the and input, reference and that the received the and testing The software to the of or the of or the to to and the of outputs. the output to The Unfixed. the to ON or OFF. The associated with ON and OFF the polarity, as shown information the polarity, Section Press SAVE to the of the selected the to that the received. the to Unfixed, or to the The released and the and Performing while To operation tests. CAUTION Custody Custody Custody Custody
Procedures to to and the of Select the to the buttons to the Press SAVE to the the to that the output received. to the the released and the If the the the and the the Section to to and the output of the Select the the buttons to the Press SAVE to the the to that the output received. to the the released and the the and the that the instance, might that the reports incorrectly as If the correctly, to that the actually You the outputs both the and to the of To (DMM) or other reference to the or secondary that the reference connected Table the terminals to which the reference should connected. that the reference to Motion MVD and
Procedures Table Polarity secondary location Farthest right back Attached to DIN From the Select Select or Select the to Press CHG the amount of indicated the reference then SAVE the that indicated the reference to the that appears the the should If required, Motion If the and using HART to the the HART the reading. the HART reading the then and the the reading. and or with screw-type or terminals To To If the that appears the matches the that indicated the reference YES If the that appears the match the that indicated the reference NO then and or with or I/O Communications Custody Custody Custody Custody
Motion MVD and
Chapter About this chapter This chapter to the operation There operation The the the batch Section Batch which the operation the batch Batch Chapter Both the and security Chapter To what or options installed, the the Section and At the its testing, the seconds. the completed: The Motion to three seconds. to three seconds. The operation If there active the displayed the To acknowledge, or to the Section Initial establishes to flow and flow Once the of the memory, and affected brownout, or Section instructions and If the batch the displayed, as shown If the batch the batch displayed Operation Batch and
The shown the operation the batch To through the the or right The each arrow the top the that displayed the or right pressed. If that If appears the RESET to to Pressing RESET the the that displayed. Press PRINT to that includes of the that displayed. You the that each of the of the To the Chapter If the batch using the option from the Section Function Motion MVD and to the to To the operation. DEVICE Flow Rate PRINT RESET EXIT VIEW or EXIT CAUTION Cursor buttons Security
the VIEW the operation the displayed This to the of the the and World to OIML. shows the the function buttons and the Active pickoff Right If batch and If software and and assigned to batch If and If software and configured. and Preset selections Batch inventory Preset Preset Preset inventory Preset inventory Preset inventory inventory Preset inventory inventory LCD options Applications LCD backlight API ED ED ED input Inventory inventory inventory API inventory ED inventory ED inventory ED inventory input inventory Batch Custody and
with the SEL Select highlighted option CHG to the highlighted option SAVE STOP counting of batch START counting of batch RESET PRINT Active The platform operation. If the platform or appears the highlight the top of the and item to the active The active that active (the that caused the active) that acknowledged the causing the active) The the active and displayed the highlight the acknowledged. The active of If the as shown containing active or unacknowledged listed. of Process, To the and HELP If the Section information about acknowledging or responding to Section Motion MVD and Active Selections Batch Inventory Curves LCD Applications SEL HELP EXIT HELP RESET EXIT ALARMS VIEW MENU SELECT EXIT to
This selection displays the as Section The to the shown If the from the then EXIT to the selections The Selections option allows to specify which of the existing to that The batch with as as batch its which appear the selection information batch and to them, Section If assigned to the selected batch based the that selected of the the Batch inventory This option displays the inventory information and to them, Section information batch and to them, Section and The allows to and and inventories. To or From the Select the first four displayed. as to To or the function START or STOP To To inventory: From the Select Inventory the as to the from the To inventory, the Section and Highlight the to Press the RESET Batch Custody and
The shows flow and right pickoffs, and and flow troubleshooting information about troubleshooting Chapter the flow when below the flow cutoff. To the flow cutoff, Section The the as the The through the option of the allows to the of and The and its Chapter LCD options The LCD allow to the or to Select LCD from the Select to the Select LCD to backlighting or off. The Curves item the and or This that The active highlighted. If assigned to batch this to the active To this, highlight the the and SEL If assigned to batch that active and the active from this Applications The Applications shows the software of the and the and that installed. to this the software to Motion MVD and
Batch About this chapter This chapter to the batch and to batch AOC overshoot the batch information the batch Chapter information formatting and batch Chapter About batching to flow, then flow when the amount of through the batch, and resumed. batch the reached. The as follows: Select batch Section The batch the and and, batching only, the which the and secondary and the which the closed. the batch. The the batch manually, the START the batch or input or to the batch Section batch started, the batch and the Section or the RESET or assigned input Section operation, the the batch when the reached. batch and the batch function buttons batch of batch processing, including the of STOP and RESUME Section of batch Section and The the batch manually, the STOP or END the batch The STOP and END assigned to input or Section If the batch the batch retained, and the RESUME the batch from the The RESUME function assigned to input or Section If the batch restarted (with increasing the batch to that than the batch Batch Custody and
Batch Table Batch Batch Batch Batch active the batch or If the batch batch active. If options START the batch batch to the or the and the batch. If options START the or the to the batch. The or the when the reached. If options and the batch of or to START the batch to the and the batch. If options and the of or to START the and the batch. If the other than of or other than the when the batch achieves the The when the batch the Secondary If options and the batch Secondary of or to START the batch the secondary and the batch. If options and the Secondary of or Quantity to START the secondary and the batch. If the Secondary other than of or other than the secondary when the batch the Secondary The secondary when the achieved. If Warning the batch when the batch the warning The warning active batch If the batch when the batch the the amount or of active flow Batch The The while the or secondary Batch shows the operation ready to batch. The shows that there of this batch. flow the continuously to the amount that The to the amount that (Count or the amount to (Count Down). To Count or Count Down, Section Motion MVD and
Batch batch Function buttons If the or the and the batch or and rather than Function buttons the shows that the batch START the assigned to the and activated, and the amount through the the assigned to the and deactivated, and The the three function buttons the batch to the actions each To the batch, the the START shows what and DEVICE START HELP VIEW Cursor buttons Editing Security Batch Custody and
Batch batch function buttons DEVICE START HELP VIEW the actions that the function buttons batch operation. Function buttons START the batch STOP the batch the Batch END the batch the achieved Batch RESET the batch to Motion MVD and DEVICE Preset START HELP VIEW HELP RESUME batch that PRINT DEVICE Preset STOP HELP VIEW shows continuously Functions of these buttons VIEW Access the ACK Acknowledge
Batch Cursor buttons The to allow the to the directly from the batch operation when the batch to To Section the beneath the farthest right of the the editing If to the appears the whenever the batch Whenever the appears the the buttons to the shows the when the displayed. the batch If the or the and the batch or the and rather than Batch The following and the and closing of the and secondary and when STOP RESUME the batch. the whenever shown these of the following the and DEVICE START HELP VIEW right Increases Decreases Cursor Batch Custody and
Batch Batch Normal operation with STOP/RESUME secondary secondary when secondary when Primary: Secondary: Primary: Motion MVD and Secondary Flow
Operation Batch Batch Secondary Normal with STOP/RESUME when when Primary: Secondary: Primary: and Secondary Flow Batch Custody and
Batch Batch Batch Motion MVD and of of Preset Secondary) Primary) the first At the of the the and flow the measured the secondary the measured the the measured the secondary of of Preset Secondary) Primary) STOP/RESUME occurred measured of the At the of the batch the and flow the measured or the secondary the measured liters, the the measured the secondary
Batch batch This section batch that from the the processing, the batch whenever detected. To through the without incrementing the batch that the batch function assigned to input, as Section the input or through the as ready to the input. batch while flow to batch: Automatically, the reached and Manually, the and To batch while flow that the Flow batch function assigned to input, as Section the batch reaches the the input that the batch normally. Batch AOC Batch AOC Overshoot Compensation) the as as to the batch the amount of overshoot. If batch AOC Section batch AOC to the process. Thereafter, batch AOC recommended: overshooting or of the If or If batch AOC batch AOC To batch AOC From the Select Batch AOC Select Press EXIT repeatedly to to the operation to batches. and Operation Batch Custody and
Batch overshoot Select Press SEL Motion MVD and From the Select Batch AOC
Chapter About this chapter This chapter to and the The following topics security breach Section Section batch (NTEP) Section (OIML) and (OIML/batch) Section Clearing security breach Section the Section Section The the that used. Chapter information the security breach It to distinguish and security. security the switch the ON and there Security the security security and security required. Therefore, breach of the following inspection shows that the and or The security breach and the Security the The Security breach and Not batch (NTEP) or batch (OIML) (OIML) If security breach security guaranteed, and to and To clear security breach, Section when the secured, the batch and the unsecured, other to the Table of to features or when the and the or and Batch Custody and
Custody Table and Function Unsecured Batch Batch Batch Batch BOL manually batch selected BOL N/A N/A manually of Can hour the consecutively. and Updated Updated or HART to to to Motion MVD and Custody (OIML) and Custody (NTEP) (OIML/batch) Can hour the consecutively.
Custody Table and Function Unsecured Normal If reporting flow Normal Inactive Normal Normal Normal action Service If while service active, terminals to RS-485 and and Custody (OIML) and Custody (NTEP) (OIML/batch) Normal action Normal action If while service active, terminals to RS-485 and Batch Operation Custody and
Custody Table and Function Unsecured Unsecured flow rates Reported normally Reported as Reported normally Reported normally and Reported normally Reported normally normally Reported normally normally flowrate If others of the normally N/A N/A cleared manually Cleared N/A N/A cleared cleared Normal Normal Motion MVD and Custody (OIML) and Custody (NTEP) (OIML/batch) If others of the normally normally cleared
Custody Custody (NTEP) This section information the BOL the and and of the when World to NTEP. BOL (NTEP) applications, there of (BOL) The BOL to both the and the batch. The BOL and the BOL incremented when the batch To or the BOL manually, Section The BOL to batches. You the BOL while the secured. the BOL and thereafter. To the BOL the batch (NTEP) (NTEP) Custody (NTEP) with the batch To (NTEP) the batch. the batch manually. At this the batch BOL incremented, the batch and the the batch. The batch flow when the reached, increase the and flow the as measured the batch and the batch. the batch (NTEP) The when the first batch (NTEP) printed. You the manually or automatically, the of batch. You the while the batch Batch (NTEP) and The batch (NTEP) to the batch The batch (NTEP) as the To batch (NTEP) Section instructions both and and the following: batch (NTEP) flow If batch (NTEP) printed, and the batch then increased and the batch resumed, the though the batch batch (NTEP) this batch the and the type TMU295, out-of-paper the of the Table other of detected. and the following section information Batch Custody and
Custody of This section the of (NTEP) Information this section the information inventory become too to If this the shifted to the right, and eventually the to Precision the displayed the the of inventories, and inventories, Section The function Section active, whether the currently or Custody (OIML) and (OIML/batch) This section information BOL numbers, the and the and of the when World to OIML. BOL (OIML), the BOL to the The BOL and the BOL incremented when the completed. The BOL automatically. To or the BOL manually, Section If the BOL or the and Section (OIML/batch), the batch BOL to the The BOL and the batch BOL incremented when the batch The batch BOL automatically. To or the batch BOL manually, Section You BOL while the secured. the BOL and thereafter. To the BOL the (OIML) or batch (OIML) (OIML), the Section (OIML) To (OIML) flow. Stop flow when the Motion MVD and
Custody the (OIML) or the function. the function, the temporarily when completed. the following: optional. If the and the function to the and If (OIML) and completed whether the or (OIML/batch) To (OIML/batch) the batch. the batch manually. At this the batch BOL incremented, the batch and the the batch. The batch when the reached, increase the and flow the and flow the batch. the batch (OIML) Section the following: batch the The when the first batch (OIML) or when the batch If the and To (OIML) that the Section To the function, of the following: Press the RESET-T input that Section the completed, written to the the BOL incremented the batch automatically, and the immediately. You the The function You or to If include the flow and Not Section Batch Custody and
Custody (OIML) and batch (OIML) and and (OIML) and batch (OIML) Table (OIML) and batch (OIML) and from PRINT or input from PRINT or input Section or Section with Not with when flow or permitted, Conditions Table Security breach security breach or included, Occurred Table the section the section the section the section If type FDW and (OIML) the following displayed seconds the first type FDW and batch (OIML) the following displayed seconds the first type TMU295, when the connected through RS-485 the out-of-paper the warning Other of detected. other types, supported. of detected. Motion MVD and (OIML) Batch (OIML) off-line and/or of If the completed and the following warning displayed: Manually the from the The then shows the the completed off-line and/or of If the succeeds, the include the with other batch and based the first If the repeated, the batch and the batch BOL incremented. Not Security breach
Custody types, to that the Section of these reasons: The The flow If of these the activated. The (OIML) The batch (NTEP) or batch (OIML) Whenever completed, to the The the or the and inventories, and the with Section shown If the completed, to the You from the the To this: Select from the the Select BOL to option to specify the to the selected displayed automatically. If the (BOL) the and It to the or and Printed M. RESET 5-MAR-2007 (BOL): Complete EXIT Batch Custody and
Custody of This section the of (OIML) and (OIML/batch) Information this section the information the with the Section If the Section prompted the when they to the active the history, or the The as follows: Custody (OIML) and (OIML/batch) Active Motion MVD and Preset selections Batch inventory Displayed batch Displayed LCD options Applications
Custody If You inventory, or and inventory the If to PRINT when the function Conditions to With Flow, or Conditions to Flow and there flow through the You inventory, or and inventory the If that of flow, the completed and Section If to the RESET-T displayed. This to the and Section To Select from the the Select BOL to option to the to You the the selected automatically. and of inventories, and inventories, Section Whether the or unsecured: The They the The and They If the reached, they to and the character to the The or the or of the If the Section the displayed the and If the the the and The cleared from when started. The cleared from inventory To clear the from inventory Select from the Select Inventory Select the inventory whose to clear. Press the CLEAR This action clears the and the inventory To clear the R, the The function Section active, whether the currently or and Batch Custody and
Custody Clearing security breach The to clear security breach the of the breach. Table Security breach and clearing Clearing Security switch to OFF security switch to ON. Core replaced, or disconnected and reconnected security switch to OFF and back to ON. If A009 and A026 or Section Clearing the security breach the establish security Section To establish security, authorized of the and Section the If to the Break the and the security switch to OFF Section the security switch to ON Section If acknowledge the security breach Section This required; the normally with unacknowledged authorized of the and Section The to to while the The The assigns to each and the includes the exited and the exited, and the exited, and the exited, and the following then the The from the Motion MVD and
Custody the The item the Trail displays the of the The item to the to To of the following search To as to the Press VIEW If than listed, through the and highlight the to Press SEL through the of using the or the PGDN and PGUP buttons. and search Highlight Press CHG the buttons to to the Press SAVE Press EXIT Highlight Search Press SEL Month and Year to the which to search. Press SAVE Press EXIT Batch Custody and
Motion MVD and
Chapter and About this chapter This chapter to and and inventories. and the Chapter information. There types: the of and stopped, started, and from the or the track the of They from the or from the or the from the They typically to the of of the Batch the of batches. There batch inventory each Batch the batch and The allows to batch inventory only the batch that The allows to and batch inventory batch whether or they or and API reference ED reference ED ED input inventory inventory API reference inventory ED reference inventory ED inventory ED inventory input inventory Batch Custody and
and the and World to OIML, the and the following: the of the measured They when the track the of the measured They information and inventories, Section The and inventory to than this the internal to overflow. The to the type and the function to Table appear the the to them Section The user-specified Section information using the to Section to Chapter information the and the Table type inventory Batch inventory N/A batch batch the Section Motion MVD and Not
and Inventory API ED ED ED input Displayed the Displayed the Displayed the batch and inventory inventory API inventory ED inventory ED inventory ED inventory input inventory Batch inventory inventory Preset Preset Preset Preset Preset Preset Displayed the batch Displayed the installed. Displayed only the inventory inventory API inventory ED inventory ED inventory ED inventory input inventory Batch inventory Preset Preset Preset Preset Batch Batch Batch Batch Custody Custody Custody Custody and and and and
and the to: the of or and From the Select displayed. the as required. To and inventories, START To and inventories, STOP To highlight the and RESET The RESET the Section If write-protection Section the flow the to: the of inventory inventory From the Inventory displayed. the as required. To inventory, highlight the inventory and RESET The RESET the Section You the to the of inventory. From the Select Select Inventory Select the inventory. Its Batch the to: the of batch inventory batch inventory From the Select Batch Inventory batch displayed. the as required. To batch inventory, highlight the batch and RESET Motion MVD and
and You the to the of batch inventory. From the Batch Inventory that the as required. and Operation Batch Batch Batch Batch Custody Custody Custody and and and and
Motion MVD and
Chapter Performance This chapter the following Section and factors Section Section Section This chapter information and flowcharts each about to each the flowcharts and the to this Notes: II or this section that already connected to the and established and that complying with and There three establishing the performance secondary that correlated with flow and factors performance the to establishing the relationship (flow, or and the the These three procedures and Sections through of these these sections to that the and Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Performance only to the and To the connected to and the option the of the to the measured the factory. as the or force the to and this as of performance. typically caused or Motion recommends that There of the the and Motion the and Table of the If of II or the to the features If of II or the with the of the slightly from the shown Table type and Enhanced II HART DD DD DD The Table of and or function to flow to Three to: Measured with Twenty the II, and the PC of to the with II, PC. Motion MVD and and option: interrupted. approximately seconds. Measured and approximately seconds. and approximately seconds.
Performance of and or function Pass/Fail/Abort Pass/Fail/Abort Abort of the right and with Pass/Caution/Abort Pass/Caution/Abort of the right and pickoffs with II PC: Pass/Fail/Abort Abort of the right and pickoffs reports and input and factors with (both and There reported the with to the than the the its If the flow, flow, or from the to the factor. factor the which the the The factors the from the and the reported externally. factors typically the and You to and factors to comply with to the and There and Pass/Fail/Abort Abort of the right and pickoffs reports and Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Performance The based of reference. those of reference. Three of Section and and high) and each. the offset and/or the of the that the relationship and the reported or the relationship and the reported or to the the factory, and normally to the field. the only to Motion Motion recommends and factors, rather than to the regulatory or to and choosing and the following factors: and interruption Motion MVD and option that allows to the The of three to these three flow however, halted. the or or down-time the of the down-time. and the with low-density and high or with low-temperature and high-temperature Neither of and the
Performance Motion the option and Performing To the paired with and the option purchased the the and The It to match factory the To and to two-phase flow, flow. higher certainty, reduce or flow. If the aborted. the of the and the affected flow, or It to the and If the to Measured or the the outputs or three the of the and that reported this appropriately. and of internal If to factor as of the the You the the factor to its the of and accordingly the If the factory You to the from the factory or manually recorded them. Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Performance Specification The the of from factory as the as Pass. the reported as or the the factory and the of the Motion using the Motion Customer Service the the To With II, With the If from II, the shows the following SENSOR VERFY/ Motion MVD and
Performance II and Integrity Next optional Next and shows Abort (option to or Abort Next If the the of the clicking to the of the the The of the clicked. previous Graph of Next Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Performance To With II, With the With the If the and the secured, with to Measuring or Measured Section information. If from II or the Communicator, and the to Measured or the shows the following SENSOR VERFY/ Motion MVD and Uncertainty PASS ABORT FAIL the as Select Proceed?
Performance II and (optional) Changed or Changed? Select Previous Next Next (optional) Next chart Next Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Performance Motion MVD and PASS ABORT FAIL Proceed?
Performance Shortcuts and Select Measuring Service Routine Abort OK Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Performance Reading and Pass/Fail/Abort the completed, the reported as Pass, or Abort: The within the other the of the and right pickoffs match the factory or the If and match factory the factory and It expected that every the The within the Motion recommends that immediately the If with outputs to the to Measured or occurred with the instability). Abort and Table and actions each abort Abort action User-initiated abort required. seconds another that flow, and and the High that flow and the Unstable the flow Section and the factory reference Motion service and the abort factory reference Motion service and the abort Motion service and the abort Other abort. the If the aborts Motion service and the abort Motion MVD and If the the the first If the the the flow knowledge to the and the actions each. These actions might include the from service and physically inspecting the At should flow and
Performance with II each the following the Powered-on the of the of the and right pickoffs, shown as from the factory If the aborted, these II information each the PC, including: from the PC clock flow and and (Optional) and If using and from II, II first the and the required. this II displays the following of Please If action while synchronization process, II displays whether or to synchronization. If choose the II include the from the the of each the following chart that includes the information the the chart, and background information about You this to HTML or to the To the chart and the without Previous and from the first reports initiated from II. and Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Performance chart The chart shows the the II plotted the The and the outlet plotted This to distinguish and to the This chart which helpful detecting they become Motion MVD and Initiated from II Initiated from the or other
Performance the following: The chart and counters II information about initiated from II and the when the the only the To II to initiate the tests, or the II overwriting The chart to initiated from II and initiated that initiated from II. You the chart to the of titles, and and to the to (including to You this chart to CSV with the with the of the each the following the Powered-on hours the of the of the and right pickoffs, shown as from the factory If the aborted, these To this and Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Performance with the with the of the each the following the Powered-on hours the of the of the and right pickoffs, shown as from the factory If the aborted, these The function that allows to the of the tests, as or To this Shortcuts Motion MVD and Counter Abort LPO RPO Table Counter Hours Abort LPO RPO Service Routine OK To previous
Performance or of the with the of the There three to automatically: as action recurring input, the input to initiate remotely. the with to Measuring You these specify that three hours from every hours every and every the input activated. To as action, To as input action, Section To recurring the of hours the scheduled or the following: If specify the as of hours from the the and hours, the initiated If recurring the of hours to The first initiated when the specified of hours and testing repeated the the the and hours, the first initiated the and To off from the the Next or Recurring to hours. and With II, With the With the Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Performance Shortcuts Performing To of the and the with the reported the following to factor: factors from to If the factor these Motion service. To the factor, the Motion MVD and Next Next Recurring Turn NewMeterFactor ConfiguredMeterFactor Service Routine
Performance The and the first The the reference factor as follows: Performing includes the following only: the optional D3 and D4 the of the If choose to the D3 and D4 the D1 or D2 D3 both D3 and D4 (other than and The that choose without interruption, the the If II, this the to the PC. If the the known the this section. the completely with the and through the the lowest allowed This usually accomplished closing the downstream from the then the with the and The first flow factor One year the The the reference flow factor as follows: The flow factor D1 (low-density) D2 (high-density) D3 (optional) D4 (optional) MassFlowMeterFactor MassFlowMeterFactor Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Performance D1 and D2 D1 (low-density) and D2 (high-density) You and If the D1 and the D2 D3 the D3 the following of of the of the D3 and the of The of the D3 or than the of D4 the D4 the following of of the of the D4 and the of the D3 The of the D4 than the of the D3 of the of the D4 and the of The of the D4 or than the of the the of the and the of and of (inches of mercury) Motion MVD and the D1 and the D2 C C C C C C C C C F F F F F F F F F CAUTION C and F
Performance Table of C F C F To the low-density the with low-density such as If off the flow. the through the the lowest flow allowed the process. established to the If the low-density from the Press the Security the From the Select Select the Press EXIT to to the (Optional) To clear the from the active and the the top of the acknowledge the the Chapter To the high-density the with high-density such as and the D1 to the Select then SEL Progress the active the from active to inactive unacknowledged. If the succeeded, Success displayed. If the Failed displayed. Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Performance If off the flow. the through the the lowest flow allowed the process. To the the flow completely free of the established to the If the high-density from the From the High the Press EXIT to to the (Optional) To clear the from the active and the the top of the acknowledge the the Chapter To the D3 only): the completely with of known If off the flow. the through the the lowest allowed the process. To the the flow completely free of the established to the From the D3 the Press EXIT to to the (Optional) To clear the from the active and the the top of the acknowledge the using the procedures To the D4 only): the completely with of known If off the flow. the through the the lowest flow allowed the process. To the the flow completely of the Motion MVD and the D2 to the Select then SEL Progress the active the from active to inactive unacknowledged. If the succeeded, Success displayed. If the Failed displayed. the D3 to the then SEL Progress the active the from active to inactive unacknowledged. If the succeeded, Success displayed. If the Failed displayed.
Performance established to the From the D4 the Press EXIT to to the (Optional) To clear the from the active and the the top of the acknowledge the the procedures Chapter Performing offset and The completed without interruption. reading and Although required, useful to the Section information the To the offset the with the lowest measured the approximately the to thermometer, RTD, or other to the of the From the Select Select At the the Press EXIT to to the (Optional) To clear the from the active and the the top of the acknowledge the using the procedures To the the with the highest measured the and the D4 to the Select then SEL Progress the active the from active to inactive unacknowledged. If the succeeded, Success displayed. If the Failed displayed. the to the that measured then SAVE Select then SEL the active the from active to inactive unacknowledged. If the succeeded, Success displayed. If the Failed displayed. Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Performance approximately the flow to the reference as the that the offset to the of the From the High At the High the Press EXIT to to the (Optional) To clear the from the active and the the top of the acknowledge the the procedures Chapter Motion MVD and the High to the that measured then SAVE Select then SEL the active the from active to inactive unacknowledged. If the succeeded, Success displayed. If the Failed displayed.
Chapter and Troubleshooting About this chapter This chapter to the software to troubleshoot software includes: The active The This chapter information troubleshooting. Checking Motion that of operating This when the high or The Section to the of and to the recorded of these three other of operation. troubleshooting, the both flow and flow should or flow and the and Motion service of Table and Table and Symptom Steady flow Correct the installations) and or or the the Section Section Cutoff too Section flow factor characterization. Section Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting and Symptom RF interference RF interference. Section flow when flow steady and the instructions. Motion MVD and and the wires Incorrectly grounded with installations) to and of grounding that the grounded to only) earth ground. or Section Section flow flow Section and the flow or the and allow to cleaner. closing, of and and grease Mounting mounting. to to too heavy cross-talk with Incorrect to the with with another Section Section Section and or Section flow flow Section and the flow or the and the wires
and Troubleshooting Table and Symptom flow or batch factor characterization. Section reading with procedures to of reading significantly RTD and follow from troubleshooting indicated and Section reading slightly from Section Unusually high reading or coated and Section the flow and Section the Section factors characterization. Section grounding Section flow flow Section with Section and the wires factors characterization. Section and the wires grounding Section flow Section cross-talk with flow and the flow or the with to Section Incorrect factor that the factor correctly. Section to Section the flow Incorrect K2 characterization. Section Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting Table and Symptom Unusually reading flow Section Unusually high Motion. Unusually or coated and Section the flow Section Unusually Several Unusually high Several Section with the The snapshots, or fingerprints, of four of operation. Table Table recorded Present-time flow Factory factory of first of each the following recorded: other To the as shown The the SI or English as from the Units The continuously. Motion MVD and Incorrect K2 characterization. Section Motion. leads with installations) Recorded Recorded leads pickoff Right pickoff Core Core input
and Troubleshooting the the RESET to the recorded and the Factory, the SAVE to overwrite the the factory with the to the the other the to and to it when Units Factory SI English only with the allows to flow, and It located the or the or The the PLC, the grounding, or of other factors. to the which the introduced. It to or to the and flow flow pickoff Right pickoff Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting If active, the from the Therefore, affect, flow, or shown the or or The and inventory and including and Accordingly, when tolerate these effects, and to when finished testing. flow and the II G-3) or the H-7). To follow the below: flow: and To location, and the the and the and Motion recommends that or information or the software or You the manually. Alternatively, II, the to the PC. and The operation. If the or appears the highlight the top of the and written to the active severity classified three of severity. The severity when the Table Motion MVD and Specify the type of wave, or wave. the If If specified wave or and
and Troubleshooting Table severity and reporting Severity Informational to the timeout expired. other as as the through include information which affected the timeout. To timeout, Chapter reclassified. The severity A020 factors to Informational or The severity A102 Informational, to or information which reclassified, Section information to Section timeout the immediately outputs to their when encountered. this action the timeout to Chapter If timeout the timeout the to its The timeout to the and unaffected. The timeout to Section information about which affected. four the following of priority: and only) and Information about and three Active and action active shown active written to history? activated? that active (the that caused the active) that acknowledged the causing the active) Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting history that occurred, with count of the of occurred, and the of the the and cleared. It cleared when You acknowledge or the from history. history from the the or clear It cleared when You acknowledge or the from the The from the history Motion MVD and The active each Section and allows to acknowledge It cleared and with every the active through the only containing active listed; listed. the active through the listed. Active 23-JUN-03 Out-of-Range 23-JUN-03 23-JUN-03 23-JUN-03 ACK HELP EXIT Cnt 23-JUN-03 Clr 23-JUN-03 Cnt 13-JUN-03 Clr 13-JUN-03 History EXIT
and Troubleshooting Active To the active from the At the EXIT or VIEW Highlight Active To acknowledge the ACKALL To acknowledge You and acknowledge from the To the active from the At the the Security Select Highlight Active To acknowledge the ACKALL To acknowledge each The from locations: From the of the active If the active PGDN to the selected category. From the of the active Wherever the HELP appears To from highlight and the HELP and LMV 15-JAN-07 15-JAN-07 15-JAN-07 Select Active the to highlight the Press the ACK Select Active the to highlight the Press the ACK EXIT Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting The to of information. On these The displayed. of the Instructions correcting the provided. If the than the PGDN or PGUP buttons to the This section the four Process, and and information severity user timeout and Table the category, with and related information. Table A001 CP EEPROM mismatch. A002 CP RAM RAM location the written to. Motion MVD and ALARMS Out-of-Range [A8]The reading the If the (A3) the first. PGDN EXIT severity Affected timeout actions to the to the The might service. Motion service. The might service. Motion service.
and Troubleshooting A009 A014 of reasons. A018 EEPROM mismatch. A019 RAM RAM location the written to. A022 CP mismatch. A023 CP mismatch. A024 CP mismatch. A025 CP mismatch. and severity Affected timeout actions action clear. If clear: to supply that the completely or completely empty. Section If A026 Section to the to the to the to the to the to the to the and tests. Section The might service. Motion service. The might service. Motion service. The might service. Motion service. The might service. Motion service. The might service. Motion service. The might service. Motion service. The might service. Motion service. Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting A026 Comm Communication and A028 to write to the A031 The enough A103 Core to A107 Info action required. restarted. A112 Software software from software. A129 PPI (Custody only) Readback function from or Motion MVD and severity Affected timeout actions If the installed, the or replaced. Section to the the supply and Info to the Info software. Motion service. that the functional. Info to the If the Motion service. and with installations). or the LED. Section that the Section the Section The might service. Motion service. the to what with or incorrect The might service. Motion service.
and Troubleshooting Table A130 of (Custody only) The of A134 PPI Memory Memory or A135 PPI Comm with to with the to with the to with software earlier than Table the category, with and related information. Table A003 the and severity Affected timeout actions to the Info to the If the Motion service. Info to the If the Motion service. severity Affected timeout actions the Section the Section to Section flow. Section Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting Table A004 The measured Out-of-Range the A016 RTD RTD to Section A017 RTD RTD to Section Table the with and related information. More information this section. Motion MVD and severity Affected timeout actions to Section Section the Section the and RTD. Section that within of and Motion service. the type Section the Section the Section Motion service. the type Section Motion service.
and Troubleshooting A005 Flow flow A008 Out-of-Range A010 of of reasons. A011 Too to flow through the and severity Affected timeout actions the Section Check the Section that there flow through the Then retry. that there flow through the Then retry. the Section process. that the Section and Section factors Section the If A003 the Section process. the flow or coating factors Section Section to the then retry. to the then retry. Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting A012 Too High to through the A013 Too to flow through the A033 Not from LPO or RPO, that A100 Saturated assigned to A102 or A105 Flow flow process. A110 Saturated assigned to Motion MVD and severity Affected timeout actions that there flow through the Then retry. that there flow through the Sources of Mechanical interference from machinery Then retry. process. the flow or coating Info Info that necessary. Info flow Info to the then retry. to the then retry. of to Section that flow within
and Troubleshooting A113 Saturated assigned to secondary output A115 HART to A116 API: A117 API: A121 ED: Enhanced the A124 input Saturated from too high. A125 Timeout timeout A126 The batcher the to with the Can to Info or to or appear applications. The of the reading. and the reading. and the or lowering the high increase the of flow and severity Affected timeout actions Info Info that operation. Info Info process. Info Info input Info Batch Info Section API reference and Section API reference and Section the platform. Section Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting If and flow flow that to flow their the If the flow clears the that to reporting flow. The flow deactivated, the active acknowledged. If the clear the that flow flow of If seconds, that flow as as flow detected. If flow flashing, or the If flow Section If increase Section If the or below the the The The output the process. The of to with flow If Bring flow within the You to or the the outputs, the and Section the and flow or Section Batch If the batch operating, the batch Table batch and corrective Motion MVD and that flow
and Troubleshooting Table batch Action the of and seconds Increase of seconds Section END to batch or RESUME to batch. If or that the input from the Batch Batch Flow measured Without attempted to batch Press RESET, then START or without RESET option to Section Not OK batch option to batch option to Section If that there through the mechanical the of the installation) Retry the and Batch flow batch Section functions Assign such as assigned to secondary or to outputs. Section active Clear Section input to off input. batch Section If and as the batch flow assigned to the fixed, Correct the and retry. or occurred batch required. indicating to indicating batch AOC. Section Increase that low-flow correctly RESET or START to batch. batch Section Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting Table the category, with and related information. A006 Characterize A020 Factors A021 K1 Incorrect or incorrect, or RTD from incorrect. A027 Security Breach (Custody only) with. A032 with to A032 with to or Measured A034 The to the within A035 The Aborted to Motion MVD and severity Affected timeout actions Section Section characterization Section and Measures security cleared authorized to reestablish security. that the security switch to the ON Motion. Allow the to If abort the and with to measured Allow the to If abort the and with to Info the If the Section Info If the abort Section and the action.
and Troubleshooting A101 A104 currently or A106 burst A111 A114 Secondary A118 DO A119 DO A120 ED: Curve A122 DO A127 to batch without previous batch. A128 batch. and severity Affected timeout actions Info Section Info action required. Info action required. Info from Section Info from Section Info Section Info Section Info the Info SeeSection Info Section Info Section from Section from Section to the output from Section to the Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting Table A131 LMV with to measured A131 with to reporting A132 Info active. Section only to with the to with the of the to with If to Measured severity Info. If outputs to severity Can to Info or to Restoring At to from known than to troubleshoot the existing To this, II, G-1. the factory as the required). To this: Both of these actions overwrite the existing that the existing or A009/A026 or On or or lower, when the A009 and A026 the of the security switch while the These because to the of the security switch, the which that to the interrupted. To clear these the manually to the of while the Then, when the secured, the to the processing. To the manually: the RS-485 from the RS-485 terminals the II to the RS-485 wires, or to the RS-485 terminals the using RTU and parity, and Motion MVD and II, G-2. II or higher required. the H-3. severity Affected timeout actions Info Allow the to If abort the and with to Info Allow the to
and Troubleshooting to to the the found, and the to Click Apply II. the RS-485 the and the To this the the the of the with the of the The of the only when directly to the I/O If with I/O, Table to Table I/O and Symptom and or output below process. or the Section and supply supply and power-supply Section to or internal to the to internal whether or the Section If the active Section the or another Section Measure DC to that active. Section the to whether or the Section to the or Section to the If Section Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting Table I/O and Symptom below or the cutoff. Section HART only) consistently of to the to or whether or the Section If the active Section Consistently incorrect correctly the Section reading higher Motion MVD and to the to or whether or the Section If the active Section flow flow Section Flow from process. flow flow Section that flow arrow matches flow. the or another Section with that the and the input Section Incorrect Section and internal restarted to active. Section from Section burst Section only) Section and the and correctly Section Incorrect flow Section Incorrect assigned to Section and the and correctly Section too high below HART to Section
and Troubleshooting Table I/O and Symptom Consistently incorrect correctly and Section that and match the chart. when to RS-485 terminals service to RS-485 RS-485 the first seconds the terminals RS-485 terminals service If service this they service expired, to the to the required, or service the this section to the Checking the To the supply that the used. incorrect to the and from the If the that the supply wires connected to the the instructions. that the supply wires and to the insulation. and Incorrect flow Section RF interference from Section service service ONLY and this Leads Switch leads and to service or other or RS-485 to or only) RS-485 Incorrect RS-485 the switches to RS-485 Address=1 the to or the RS-485 Section then the Leads Switch leads and Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting to the the power-supply that within the specified or B). Checking the To the that: The connected to the to the information the instructions. The wires with the If the wires incorrectly connected: the If the Correct the to the Checking grounding The grounded. If grounded. If the grounded separately. the instructions. Checking the HART To the HART only): that the wires connected correctly the the VDC). If VDC, to VDC. the directly the and to Checking RF interference If RF interference or of the following the RF include of or or anything that or field, the of the the shielded the Motion MVD and shielding the input If this terminate the shielding the or terminate shield the termination of shielding necessary.
and Troubleshooting Checking the and If or reading, there with the or the the the the the and the Checking the the of the the this The The Section Checking the or to the To these the Chapter If the inspection, or and the K1 and K2 Motion service. Checking the flow incorrect flow the to with the process. that the flow correct. the Section Checking the or incorrect that incorrect or the that these and them necessary. Section Checking the and or incorrect and/or that the and and them necessary. Section Checking the characterization that incorrectly characterized its might If the appears to operating correctly incorrect characterization the Section and Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting Checking the the to If the appears to operating correctly the Motion every the factory. Therefore, should the shipped from the factory. The this to To that than the If there and the reported to Motion service Motion factors, rather than to the or to Motion information performance Chapter Checking the that or caused other than You or the These the operation of the the To the which from the The displays: Right The the as the The through the option of the allows to the of and outputs. The and its the the following to the If the to Section If the the or right the from Table based the flow to Section If the the and right pickoffs the from Table based the flow troubleshooting and Motion service Motion MVD and
and Troubleshooting pickoff ELITE CMF based flow D, DL, and DT based flow F025, F050, F100 based flow F200 based flow F200 based H025, H050, H100 based H200 based R025, R050, or R100 based R200 based flow Motion based CMF400 I.S. based flow CMF400 with amplifiers based flow If listed, Motion caused Table Table and flow the or flashing Increase or back the Motion. or cracked flow Motion. or Mechanical to or Motion. Incorrect characterization Section caused Table and Pickoff the If located from the increase the the and Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting and K1 characterization the K1 characterization Section Polarity of pick-off reversed or polarity of Motion. flow completely of caught flow flow pickoff pickoff caused Table pickoff and the and Section flow the of the that the of of the completely of the the the The Motion. Checking the You the LED. The LED that Table If A026 the to Checking the LED To the LED: to the the The instrinsically and the the and the the LED the Table or Table To to operation, the reassembling the to grease Motion MVD and to to mechanical Section Section
and Troubleshooting LED and LED Condition Normal operation action required. (ON OFF flow Section (ON OFF ON or If action required. If Motion. flashes, and Section flashes Section OFF Core than Table Enhanced LED and LED Condition Normal operation action required. Flashing If action required. If Motion. yellow severity High severity Flashing If A105 flow) active, flow off) Section Flashing Motion. off) and Core and characterization Section and Core Motion. internal supply to Motion. supply to Section If terminals (VDC+) and (VDC) Normal reading VDC. If reading Motion. If reading the wires from terminals and and the the wires. If the reading VDC, the If the reading VDC, Motion. If reading than VDC, supply to Wires switched. Section If supply. If supply internal or Motion. If A033 active, process. the or coating Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting Table Enhanced LED and LED Condition Flashing off, 4th) OFF Core than Core only) this A026 To the the the the the and the the terminals and (RS-485/A and RS-485/B). should to the terminals and (VDC and RS-485/A). should to Measure the terminals and (VDC and RS-485/B). should to If than specified, the to with or host. Motion service. To to operation: reassembling the to grease Motion MVD and Motion. Core Motion. internal the the and the the supply to If terminals (VDC+) and (VDC) If reading than VDC, to Wires switched. Section Motion. If supply. Section If supply internal or LED Motion.
and Troubleshooting Core Checking and RTD with including and of out-of-range Testing the testing the and testing shorts to Remote with If with the If the At the Table and to (LPO) to white Right pickoff (RPO) to (RTD) to Lead (LLC) CMF400 I.S. and RTD only) (CMF400 I.S. only) There should readings. The LPO and RPO readings should the or If there readings, the the to the of The readings each should match both and the the from the board. (DMM), the Table the DMM leads the each Record the to Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting the disconnected. At the the of the and each to DMM the and the other the With the DMM to its highest there should each lead. If there there to as follows: D600 and CMF400 with amplifiers Motion service If the Motion service To to operation: reassembling the to grease Table and to and the that the and or the Motion. Internally shorted feedthrough (sealed Motion. from to termination terminations Motions Preparation and or the If installation: the If the the Motion MVD and other terminals other terminals other terminals White White other other terminals other terminals other terminals and other and other and There should each If there there Table and the the board. the the housing. the the
and Troubleshooting the wires from the If the screw the of the the from the and straight or the If the screws that the the housing. Gently the of the housing, then the from the feedthrough the and the straight (DMM), the the DMM leads the to or to the and Record the Functions as the following F300, H300, F025A, F050A, F100A, CMF400 I.S., CMFS. Functions as RTD other as (LLC). and If the (feedthrough) or the To to the or the when the the to the and mount the LLC RTD RTD RTD CAUTION Right Right pickoff pickoff Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
and Troubleshooting Functions as the following F300, H300, F025A, F050A, F100A, CMF400 I.S., CMFS. Functions as RTD other functions as (LLC). There should readings. The LPO and RPO readings should the or the DMM, each and the With the DMM to its highest there should each If there there to Table and as follows: D600 and CMF400 with amplifiers Motion service If the Motion service To to operation: Motion MVD and RTD RTD pickoff other terminals other terminals pickoff other terminals pickoff pickoff other terminals Right other terminals Right pickoff Right pickoff other terminals Right RTD other terminals LLC and RTD/LLC LLC other terminals RTD and RTD/LLC RTD/LLC other terminals LLC and RTD There should each If there there Table and Right pickoff LLC RTD Right
and Troubleshooting If If Tighten the screw(s) to to to of the wires to the the reassembling the to grease and the three the of the with the the of the housing. mount the the to the the feedthrough the to the to the feedthrough. the the housing. Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Motion MVD and
Specifications and A.1 Housing and mounting There housing and mounting options the or A.1.1 With mounting with rated IP65 (NEMA 4X) A.1.2 Rack-mount 19-inch rack-mount DIN and IEC rated IP40 A.2 Interface/display LCD, switch with feedback Software-defined function Chemical-resistant A.3 A.4 Panel-mount: A-1 and A-2. Rack-mount: A-3. Core A-4. and Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Specifications and A-1 or with screw-type inches Motion MVD and only)
Specifications and A-2 or with I/O inches and Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Specifications and A-3 Rack-mount or inches HE) Motion MVD and 19-inch conforms to DIN and IEC Not included with or Rear mounting that to DIN and IEC Not included with or HP TE) HP TE) Optional screw HE inches HP TE inch Intrinsic shield only)
Specifications and A-4 Core inches 4X 3/8 These apply only to the with installations. and 4 Mount Wall Mount 2X To of NPT Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications NPT OR M20
Specifications and A.5 the mounting option. A.5.1 and as screw or DIN-rail-mount screw terminals (optional) with I/O terminals to of four types. I/O of and and to AWG to wires Screw terminals to AWG to wires A.5.2 Rack-mount and DIN (IEC as or screw terminals (optional) Screw to AWG to wires Screw terminals to chassis first and to AWG to A.6 and A.6.1 Intrinsically input One input with ground A.6.2 Non-intrinsically input input One input Sourcing or VDC VDC high Motion MVD and
Specifications and VDC VDC high A.6.3 Non-intrinsically active Isolated to VDC from other and earth ground with from to NAMUR NE43 Three the Polarity: Active high or active software to VDC Sourcing when VCD, to VDC One with flow to of Scalable to below Active or software Polarity: Active high or active software VDC active; VDC Sourcing, VDC, active; active or detected, to high, measured or internal outputs to NAMUR NE43 High from to from to measured the the the and to and Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Specifications and A.6.4 One RS-485 HART included) to RS-232 A.7 supply options A.7.1 to VAC VA VAC; VAC IEC with low-voltage 2006/95/EC IEC II, to VDC typical, IEC A.7.2 to VAC VA VAC; VAC IEC with 2006/95/EC IEC II, to VDC typical, IEC Motion MVD and Supports RTU, ASCII, HART/RS-485, or
Specifications and A.8 Humidity: to relative humidity, F C) Vibration: IEC to A.9 effects EMI EMC 89/336/EEC EN Conforms to NAMUR NE21 On outputs: of C A.10 A.10.1 ATEX IIB/IIC. The intrinsically and connected to the A.10.2 UL and CSA Class I, A, B, C, when Class I, A, B, C, when Class I, A, B, C, D, or intrinsically outputs Class I, C and D; Class II, E, F, and G. A.11 Performance performance specifications, to the specifications. A.12 Cleaning instructions To the or cloth or and to F to C) to F to C) of F C). below F C). Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Motion MVD and
Specifications and B.1 housing Compartment with threaded cover Mounting and interface/display to allow mounting four Rated NEMA 4X (IP67) B.2 Interface/display LCD, switch with feedback function Chemical-resistant B.3 B.4 B-1 through B-4. and Non-intrinsically with input and terminals Intrinsically with interface/display, terminals only), and optional input and terminals Performance and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications
Specifications and B-1 or inches B-2 or Top inches Motion MVD and 5/16-inch Mounting rotated as cover rotated or as Section 1/16-inch clearance of boards
Specifications and B-3 or inches NPT or M20 6H and ground Mounting Performance Performance Performance Performance and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Specifications and B-4 Core inches 4X 3/8 These apply to the with installations. Motion MVD and 4 Mount Wall Mount 2X To of NPT NPT OR M20
Specifications and B.5 Compartment with intrinsically 3/4-inch NPT or M20 Compartment with non-intrinsically three 3/4-inch NPT or M20 and screw terminals to AWG to wires screw terminals to AWG to wires B.6 and B.6.1 Intrinsically input One input with ground B.6.2 Non-intrinsically input input One input Sourcing or VDC VDC high momentary VDC VDC high B.6.3 Non-intrinsically active Isolated to VDC from other and earth ground with from to NAMUR NE43 and Performance Performance Performance Performance and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Specifications and Three the Polarity: Active high or active software to VDC Sourcing when VCD; to VDC One with to of to below Active or software Polarity: Active high or active software VDC active; VDC Sourcing, VDC, active; active or output detected, to states. high, measured or internal outputs to NAMUR NE43 High from to from to measured the the the and outputs to B.6.4 One RS-485 HART included) to RS-232 Motion MVD and Supports RTU, ASCII, HART/RS-485, or
Specifications and B.7 supply options to VAC VA VAC; VAC IEC with 2006/95/EC IEC II, to VDC typical, IEC B.8 of F C). below F C). Humidity: to humidity, F C) Vibration: IEC to B.9 EMI EMC 89/336/EEC EN Conforms to NAMUR NE21 On of C B.10 B.10.1 ATEX complying with ATEX Directive (94/9/EC) II 2G and as IIB/IIC T4. B.10.2 UL and CSA Class I, A, B, C, and D. Class I, A, B, C, D, or intrinsically Class I, C and D; Class II, E, F, and G. and to F to C) to F to C) Performance Performance Performance Performance and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Specifications and B.11 Performance specifications performance specifications, to the specifications. B.12 Cleaning instructions To the or cloth. Motion MVD and cloth to the cover of the or which atmosphere. To cloth to the cover of the or atmosphere. WARNING
C Specifications C.1 The accessory features relay interfacing with or other C.2 The three relays with the following characteristics: SPST Rated VAC, A; or VDC, C.3 C.3.1 ATEX complying with ATEX Directive (94/9/EC) II, 3G, to CENELEC and II T4 KEMA ATEX to C to F) C.3.2 UL and CSA Class I, A, B, C, and and Specifications
Motion MVD and
D.1 About this This to relay the to the to D.2 of relay with the The relay Motion. The three relays. User-supplied relay or relay with the Section D.5.1). D.2.1 The relay the outputs. User-supplied relays the outputs both of the following They relays, and The relay input the characteristics Section D.5.1). If of these user-supplied relays externally. D.3 installations If the relay or relay the information this section. D.3.1 relays ATEX relay complying with ATEX Directive (94/9/EC) II, 3G, to CENELEC and II T4 KEMA ATEX to C to F) and Specifications
To with relay mounted and classified that protection of least IP4X to EN account the which the The of the relay (heat connected to the within the UL and CSA relay Class I, A, B, C, and D. CSA the relay where the to the Association (CSA). D.3.2 User-supplied relays User-supplied relays to as D.4 relays You relay If relay defective, the relay This to both the and to user-supplied relays, and to both and areas. D.5 relays with the relay to the to D.5.1 The three outputs, which The the following characteristics: Polarity: D-1 shows of typical Motion MVD and Active high or active Software Sourcing VDC to VDC supply
D-1 D.6 the relay Follow these to relay Mount relay Mount the relay to DIN The relay types. D-2. and Specifications
D-2 inches Motion MVD and TS TS TS TS
terminals to relays Follow the below to the terminals to or three relays. the following the wires the terminals and the relay terminals as shown Table D-1 and the following Table D-1 terminals and terminals or or I/O or I/O DO1 DO2 DO3 and Shock of or with supply shock or property and off the or relays and with the these instructions. relays and where and +140F and +60C). or to AWG to or to AWG to or with screw-type or D-3 or with I/O D-4 or D-5 terminals Screw-type or terminals WARNING function terminals Specifications
D-3 or to Screw-type or D-4 or to I/O Motion MVD and to AWG to or input/output terminals to AWG to or input/output terminals MODEL TERMINAL CONNECTION MODEL TERMINAL CONNECTION
D-5 or to relay to Follow the below to or three relays to and AWG to the wires the relay and the as shown the and or input/output terminals If the relay AC supply, D-6. AC terminals polarity. If the relay DC supply, D-7. DC terminals polarity. MODEL TERMINAL CONNECTION to AWG to Specifications
D-6 relay to AC MODEL CONNECTION TERMINAL D-7 relay to DC MODEL CONNECTION TERMINAL Motion MVD and to VAC polarity) to VDC One relay, relays, or three relays connected or other Secondary or other or other One relay, relays, or three relays connected or other Secondary or other or other
D.7 user-supplied relays Follow these to user-supplied relays. terminals to relays Follow the below to the terminals to or three relays. the following the wires the and the relay as shown D-2 and the following Table D-2 terminals user-supplied relays or or I/O or I/O DO1 DO2 DO3 and Shock of or with supply shock or property and off the or relays and with the these instructions. relays and where and F and C). or to AWG to or to AWG to or with screw-type or D-8 or with I/O D-9 or D-10 terminals Screw-type or terminals WARNING function Specifications
D-8 or to user-supplied relay Screw-type or or input/output terminals to AWG to D-9 or to user-supplied relay I/O or input/output terminals to AWG to Motion MVD and to VDC mA/relay supply User-supplied relays to VDC mA/relay User-supplied relays
D-10 or to user-supplied relay relay to The to the relay to the the function the relay of typical batch D-11. D-11 User-supplied relay to batch User-supplied relays and or input/output terminals to AWG to User-supplied relays supply to VDC mA/relay or other Secondary or other or other Specifications
Motion MVD and
and E.1 This information the Where These the platform the platform the factory. E.2 and The below the and the E-1 and Flow Flow factors factor and Flow corrected to of applications, Motion recommends of seconds or higher. Flow factor this the FCF and FT factors concatenated. Section flow Recommended of the rated flowrate Empty-full-empty batching of the flowrate flow type flow flow obtained the flow factor of factor factor Specifications
and Table E-1 and corrected to of corrected to of input Flow Polarity Active HI Polarity Active indication: Condition Downscale Motion MVD and D1 D2 K1 K2 FD flow flow high factor 1.00000T0.0000 Scaling Flow Flow factor flow HI PV Assignment indication: indication: measured timeout assignment flow seconds
and E-1 and indication: Condition Downscale LRV flow URV flow Flow flow RS-485 HART and indication: indication: measured timeout assignment seconds flow C flow SCFM C flow C flow SCFM C Scaling flow Flow Active Polarity Active high Downscale measured timeout Parity Stop Specifications
and Table E-1 and RS-485 RTU RS-485 ASCII RS-485 HART Motion MVD and RTU the RS-485 Parity Stop Parity Stop Parity Stop PV Pct HART QV flow
Flowcharts F.1 This flowcharts the F.2 Access to the whether or the batch shown F-1, when the batch the the The the and Right buttons. If that shown F-2, when the batch the the batch and the through the F-1 batch and Specifications
Flowcharts F-2 batch F.3 shown F-3: To the the VIEW function To the the Security F-3 Displayed the batch F-1 Displayed the batch F-2 Motion MVD and Batch operation VIEW to to Performance Meas VIEW Screen Preset VIEW
Flowcharts F.4 The appearance of the the that F-4 shows the when neither the or the batch The and optional. F-5 shows the when the and OIML The batch, and optional. F-6 shows the when the batch or the batch and and NTEP The and optional. F-4 API only, or ED Active LCD Right Displayed the Displayed the listed. and Screen Screen Curves Curve Curve Inventory API ED ED LCD Backlight Inventory Inventory API Cor Inventory ED Inventory ED Inventory Inventory Applications I/O Core API Enhanced Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Flowcharts F-5 Custody (OIML) API, and ED optional) Active Inventory BOL API Inventory BOL API API Cor Inventory LCD Right Pickoff Displayed the batch listed. Displayed the and Displayed the and Displayed only the listed. Displayed the If World to OIML, the displayed. Motion MVD and Screen BOL Inventory Inventory ED Inventory BOL ED ED Inventory Inventory ED Curves Curve Curve Batch Inventory Selections Preset Inventory BOL Inventory Inventory LCD Preset Preset BOL Select BOL to Applications I/O Core API Enhanced Measures
Flowcharts F-6 batch or batch with (NTEP) (API and ED optional) Batch Inventory Active listed. Displayed the Displayed only the F.5 The F-7 through F-13: F-7 shows the top of the the Security and F-8 through F-12 the that the Communication to the of the F-13 shows the and Inventory API Inventory Inventory API Cor Inventory ED ED Inventory ED ED Inventory Inventory LCD Applications Pickoff Right Preset Selections Preset Preset LCD Preset Preset Curves Curve Curve I/O Core API Enhanced Batch Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Flowcharts F-7 top Security and Displayed the Displayed the Displayed the OIML. Displayed the Displayed the installed. Displayed the Motion MVD and Security following following Security Protect Measures World Batch API Enhanced Core Switch
Flowcharts F-8 Severity displayed only Flow displayed Flow option connected to The displayed the type. Displayed the Displayed only the installed. Scaling Displayed Polled Displayed Polled and Core Flow Flow Flow Direction Units Flow Cutoff Flow Units Flow Cutoff Units Cutoff Units Units Units Units Cutoff High Duration Units FCF FTG FFQ D14 K14 FD DT DTG DFQ1DFQ2 Factor Factor Factor Flow Rate Units Scaling Polarity Flow K-factor API Cor Tot ED Tot ED Tot Flow D12 K12 FD Factor Factor Factor Factor Polled Compensation Units Flow Factor Factor Information Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Flowcharts F-9 Flow Source Batch of of Decimals Count Warning AOC Source Preset Preset Warning Batch Stop Preset Flow Motion MVD and Batch HI PV LO PV Displayed only the batching Either or both displayed, Displayed the Displayed the API Units Units Reference Functions DI Next Curve Curve Curve
Flowcharts F-10 Polarity Assignment Indication Flow Switch Source Flow Switch Displayed only Assignment Flow Switch. One to both and Scaling Displayed the and OIML. F-11 Command and Indication Condition Meas Timeout Assignment Flow Cutoff Seconds HART QV HART ID Flow Source Scaling Flow Polarity Indication Meas Timeout Communication RTU, ASCII RS-485 HART RTU ASCII Rate Parity Stop of Decimals W&M Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Flowcharts F-12 RS-485 Selection Pre Footer Footer Rate Parity Chars to Batch Active History Displayed the and Displayed the and Motion MVD and Batching RS-485 Selection Pre Rate Parity Stop Chars Screen Batch Timeout Batch Batch Batch Batch Batch to Batch Active History Communication Batching Custody (NTEP) Custody (OIML) RS-485 Selection Footer Rate Parity Chars Format W&M Batch (BOL) Screen Batch Timeout Batch Batch Batch Batch Batch to Batch Active History RS-485 Selection Rate Parity Stop Chars Format W&M (BOL) Cond. Occurred Footer To Inventory Inventory API Inv to Batch Active History Audit Batching Custody (OIML/batch) RS-485 Selection Footer Rate Parity Stop Chars Format W&M (BOL) Cond. Occurred Footer Batch (BOL) To Inventory Inventory API Inv ED Inv ED Inv Batch Timeout Batch Batch Batch Batch Batch to Batch Active History Audit
Flowcharts F-13 Active History Batch Inventory Displayed the batching Displayed the Displayed the Displayed the Displayed Displayed Displayed the option and Inventory Inventory Inventory API Cor Inventory ED Inventory ED Inventory Inventory Audit Trail Search Flow Rate Factory D1 High D2 Flowing Batch AOC High Curve Curve ED ED Uncertainty Counter Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications
Motion MVD and
II and G.1 II Windows-based and Motion It to functions and of II that PC. Not features and II. access, the This basic information and using II with The following topics and procedures Section G.2 upload/download Section G.3 Connecting to Section G.4 II Section G.4 information or II, the II information or the Instructions this to II. G.2 To II with the following required: II or basic functions II or the One of the following II operation of the USB The with the USB the connecting the or If the when If the and directly to the RS-485 instead of to the II or This type troubleshooting. and RS-232 to (HART) with and RS-232 to RS-485 or HART) with and USB to (HART) with and USB to RS-485 or HART) with and II
II and G.3 II upload/download II upload/download function which allows to to PC. This allows: and of replication of Motion that to PC as as the To the upload/download function: II to as this chapter. the G.4 Connecting from PC to II the following types: HART/RS-485 Service Notes: to the of HART HART than that If HART than II The RS-485 terminals service the first seconds If service that the terminals service If that they to the RS-485 the To to the the type the terminals that type: the to or USB as the leads of the leads to the or to the Motion MVD and To to PC, the from to option. To or to the to from option. the RS-485 the RS-485 the location of the the to the
II and as II and to the If using RS-485 the RS-485 terminals the To G.5 II flowcharts This section flowcharts the II and the These flowcharts based II software and the connected of the II information. RS-485 or required. the II information. Select the type. The II to choice. other Click the To service within the To RS-485 than seconds, then II
II and G-1 II from to to from Preferences Inventory RTD options information about to the II Motion MVD and to Disconnect Information ED Core API ED PPI Unit Custody II On
II and G-2 II Flow Flow Flow Flow flow flow flow type flow factor factor factor Flow switch Flow switch Displayed Flow Displayed Flow Displayed with the and high K1 K2 FD D1 D2 (DT) FTG FFQ DTG DFQ1 DFQ2 K3 D3 D4 K4 Additional options factor type Floating factory HART HART ID write protection burst Flow factor factor Screen of Custody II
II and G-3 II Primary/secondary PV/SV AO AO LSL USL AO action AO measured timeout input Scaling factor Rate factor Units K-factor Units Displayed with the Motion MVD and DO1/2/3 assignment DO1/2/3 polarity DO1/2/3 action Additional options Tertiary Scaling factor Rate factor Units measured timeout action polarity input Assignment Polarity DI1 polarity DI2 polarity Wave Wave Wave
II and G-4 II clock Security security security options and Software OIML CT API OIML CT ED OIML CT OIML CT batcher the to OIML. Displayed Flow to Displayed only Flow to and flow fact text text flow fact flow text text flow fact flow text Polled Polled type RS-485 Parity Stop Choose typical HART PV SV TV QV Additional options type (A) High (B) Severity II
II and G-5 II API type Units ED Active info ED Curve Curve Curve Reference Water reference Water reference offset high high Units ED and Curve Curve isotherms Curve Curve reference and specified Reference Curve Displayed the Displayed the batch Displayed the Motion MVD and batch Flow options batch Count AOC batch warning No-flow timeout of of timeout Preset secondary Preset Chars/sec Batch (BOL) of batch (BOL) type of type feed with and footer Pre header Font Footer footer Footer with statistics Batch history Active
H.1 This basic information connecting and the with The following topics and discussed: Section H.2 Connecting to Section H.3 Section H.4 H.2 DD To the with the following (DD) to Motion DD This DD to the features, and access, the H.3 Connecting from the to To to the the platform. the leads from the to the as required. Follow procedures to to the H.4 flowcharts This section flowcharts These flowcharts based Motion DD software The flowcharts from the and the location of the the to the II
H-1 FI API ED batcher Motion MVD and totl inventory totl inventory FI FI FI TC TC TC totl TC TC TC CTL output TV-Freq/DO QV ED ED ED totl ED ED ED totl ED ED ED totl ED ED ED (SGU) ED Batch Batch Preset Preset Preset Preset Additional options
H-2 and totl totl Stop Batch Batch batch batch batch batch batch batch Custody II
H-3 Diag/Service Scaled AO1 Scaled AO2 Motion MVD and Diag/Service DO Read DO DO action Acknowledge On factory ED information write write factory DI FI LPO RPO flow RTD RTD RTD count
H-4 and PV PV URV PV LRV FO SV FO PV URV PV LRV FO TV factor TV factor TV TV II
H-5 Charize selection Flow factor factors Polling Other FlowCal FCF FTG FFQ D1 K1 D2 K2 DTG FD DFQ1 DFQ2 DT FD D3 K3 D4 K4 Flow factor factor Flowcal Static only. Motion MVD and factor factor factor Polled Polled Static Flow API flow Spcl flow Spcl high API API API CTL (read-only) API thermal (read-only) API (read-only) Additional options Batch Batch timeout Counting timeout Preset Preset Preset Preset Preset Source ED
H-6 AO FO output DO HART RS485 timeout PV PV AO PV AO AO1 SV SV AO2 SV AO AO2 TV FO TV factor TV factor FO FO DO1 DO1 polarity DO1 DO2 DO2 polarity DO2 DO3 DO3 polarity DO3 and assignment option RS485 RS485 RS485 RS485 Comm FO or FI inputs actions DI FI PV SV TV QV Additional options Assign action assign (read-only) Action assignments (read-only) PrintScreen API ED ED ED Start/stop batch batch batch batch batch Stop batch ED Batch history Active DI1 polarity DI2 polarity FI factor Rate factor FI factor II
H-7 information assembly option board Construction Revision clock Precision Motion MVD and flow flow (read-only) flow (read-only) flow (read-only) flow (read-only) flow of waveform (read-only) (read-only) (read-only) (read-only) (read-only) of waveform (read-only) (read-only) (read-only) (read-only) (read-only) of waveform (read-only) type severity severity (read-only) severity Acknowledge the selected history Refresh history
I.1 This the following types: Batch I-4 Batch (NTEP) (OIML) Batch (OIML) and I-1 I-2 and I-3 I-5 I-6 I-7 I-8 I-9 I-10 I-11 II
I.2 I-1 Typical HEADER HEADER M. RESET 29-SEP-2003 Flow Rate Flow Rate FOOTER Motion MVD and Custody With Without Not HEADER HEADER M. RESET 29-SEP-2003 Flow Rate Flow Rate FOOTER Not
I-2 Typical HEADER HEADER M. RESET 29-SEP-2003 Active Out-of-Range INFO 17-JAN-07 RTD INFO 17-JAN-07 RTD INFO 17-JAN-07 API: FAULT 17-JAN-07 FOOTER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 28-MAR-2007 28-MAR-07 28-MAR-07 28-MAR-07 Security Breach 28-MAR-07 FOOTER and Active history HEADER HEADER M. RESET 29-SEP-2003 Historical Cnt 29-SEP-3 Clr 29-SEP-3 Security Breach Cnt 29-SEP-3 Clr 29-SEP-3 Cnt 29-SEP-3 Clr 29-SEP-3 FOOTER II
I-3 and HEADER HEADER M.RESET 29-SEP-2003 FO Active FO Polarity FO Flow Source FO FO Factor FOOTER the shown I-3, items which selected from selection FO Flow Source flow and FO Flow Source flow Selection and the following with Motion November P/N C Assignments Motion October P/N only) the The first and the which the initiated. other and the which the Motion MVD and HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 29-SEP-2003 Trail 4-JAN-2003 MA01 Source 4-JAN-2003 MA02 Source 4-JAN-2003 FO Flow Source 4-JAN-2003 Flow Direction FOOTER
I.3 Batch I-4 Typical batch Custody Custody batch HEADER HEADER M. RESET 29-SEP-2003 Preset Units: FOOTER I.4 Batch (NTEP) I-5 HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 Batch Count: FOOTER and HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 Preset Units: FOOTER HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 Batch Count: SECURITY BREACH FOOTER II
I-6 HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 Batch Count: DUPLICATE_RECEIPT FOOTER I.5 (OIML) the shown I-7, there to distinguish the following: occurred. occurred (possibly breach), the Occurred the shown I-8, the or security breach. The security breach appear the Motion MVD and HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 Batch Count: DUPLICATE_RECEIPT SECURITY BREACH Not FOOTER
I-7 HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 (BOL): Complete US FOOTER and HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 (BOL): Not Complete Flow Rate Flow Rate FOOTER II
I-8 HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 (BOL): Complete Inventory US Inventory US occurred the FOOTER Motion MVD and HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 (BOL): Not Complete Flow Rate Flow Rate occurred the FOOTER
I-9 HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 28-MAR-2007 (BOL): Complete Flow Rate Flow Rate FOOTER I.6 Batch (OIML) I-10 HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 Batch Count: FOOTER and HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 28-MAR-2007 (BOL): Not Complete Flow Rate Flow Rate FOOTER HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 Batch Count: SECURITY BREACH Not FOOTER II
I-11 HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 Batch Count: DUPLICATE_RECEIPT FOOTER Motion MVD and HEADER HEADER HEADER HEADER M. RESET 15-MAR-2005 Batch Count: DUPLICATE_RECEIPT SECURITY BREACH Not FOOTER
and J.1 and Motion with the ANSI Z535.4. If the illustrated below or promptly Motion information the title of this J.2 the The platform include the below. J-1 and II
Motion MVD and
K.1 Motion when These with government and Motion to follow Motion refused Information and www.micromotion.com or Motion service. K.2 New and that from the and New and completed Authorization K.3 Used that classified as and used. This completely and cleaned Used completed Authorization and that with the If completed include certifying and that with the and NE History
Motion MVD and
NE History L.1 This the history of the MVD software. L.2 Software history L-1 the history of the software. instructions English Table L-1 software history Software to software Initial release 20001266A Software 20001266B and of inventory of the pre-header and post-footer Software when batching input Allow batch to when flow the of HART and other HART of of following FDW with OIML instructions NE History
NE History Table L-1 software history Software to software Software 20001266C Motion MVD and switch to selection assignment to HART and commands to the factory to the factory to write items to selection assignment each Expanded of NTEP and OIML Expanded (OIML) features to include of API, and to with of firmware of and of W&M expanded selection to include PPI protection of to the to include history Expanded HART command to include input to input to flow batcher active to selection ETO to to to text to and to selection of instructions
NE History Table L-1 software history Software to software Software 20001266CA and Software when writing D1 and D2 of Not Allow batch to when Allow batch to from batcher when to of character when Allow batch selection to when of HART writing when Expanded of input and input inventory severity functionality option Updated to option, and from input or to flow switch to header and footer when the the Software HART to include to write command to that A028 to the the Motion www.micromotion.com) instructions NE History Index
Motion MVD and