Motion ELITE Flow and DI March
and information This Motion with when properly with the instructions this to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com or through Motion Information to that with the Directive found the www.micromotion.com/documentation installations to EN apply. Other information found the Troubleshooting information found the Product sheets and from the Motion www.micromotion.com/documentation Motion when These with government and Motion to follow Motion refused Information procedures and www.micromotion.com or the Motion Customer Service Motion service Worldwide: Telephone: North and South America and East United States U.K. The New Eastern South Thailand South Africa UAE
covered this chapter: and that the specified the the which the installed. that the and within the of the If the and Follow the instructions the and If remote-mounted follow the instructions this the and the and then follow the instructions the and the the and the The the and the type. of Motion Motion Motion type To Motion MVD Motion MVD user-supplied Table function AWG (VDC) AWG or (RS-485) other MVD AWG AWG
Motion ELITE performance, the the The as as the flow of Preferred the that the flow arrow the matches the flow of the process. (Flow software-selectable.) The following information the from
Installation There Motion Straight of or downstream unnecessary. If the and should through the flow or the of flow through the with the from the and torsional the the to The The the optional instructions that allow the and shown the the of selecting should only as If to the areas, to options other than with Motion the operated where the below F C) or F C). If to where the of the the the located where the within the as indicated the of the further restricted to the shipped with the or from the Motion www.micromotion.com The extended-mount option allows the to insulated without covering the or ratings.
Motion ELITE and ELITE CMF***M/L/H/P modifications) and CMFS007-015 A. F (C) B. F (C) C. options D. or mount and ELITE CMFS025CMFS150 A. F (C) B. F (C) C. options D. or mount C C
and ELITE A. F (C) B. F (C) C. options D. or mount and high ELITE A. F (C) B. F (C) C. options D. or mount C C
and Motion ELITE and ELITE A. F (C) B. F (C) C. options D. or mount CMFS EHEDG TYPE EL CLASS when vertically with the and the of the EHEDG Other connections/gasket they and tested cleanability to the of EHEDG to the ELITE Product further information about cleanability and If the with the flowing through the If the accomplished of the clean-in-place (CIP) Motion recommends the generally-accepted flow velocity of least cleaning the The the housing and should inspected periodically. Manually clean this when necessary. C
A. B. Direction of flow C. Direction of C
Mounting Mounting heavy Motion ELITE Topics covered this chapter: heavy Mount the Mount of high-temperature Mount CMF010 to or Mount CMFS007, CMFS010 or CMFS015 Mount CMFS025, CMFS040 or CMFS050 mount (those and that or difficult-to-reach when or them their location. and the responsibility of the know and follow and facility and professional with should Typical heavy includes the following: or Continuous to its or the of its its or or its It to the of Protect the sealed the with factory-installed protectors or protection
Mount the of A. Typical of Complete and including the location of the of found through the www.micromotion.com/onlinestore to and To reduce the of or the should The of the or rotated freely to Mounting
Mounting Mount of high-temperature Motion ELITE CAUTION! the the or the the or the Mounting the Notes the to the The The the optional instructions that allow The of high-temperature attached to the of The mounted or
of high-temperature C A. B. C. Mounting D. With the with the attached to the The operated this the from the and then to mount the to or as below. the while the attached to the Mounting
Mounting Motion ELITE Removing from the A. from and mount to or Procedure mounting, four or four M8 to the mounting
Wall-mount A. Wall or B. shown) C. mounting to 2-inch to the mounting C Mounting
Mounting Mount CMF010 to or Motion ELITE Pole-mount A. B. shown) C. The CMF010 optional mounting with or If the the this the optional mounting with the rotated to the to the mounting C
Mount CMFS007, CMFS010 or CMFS015 Optional mounting CMF010 A. user-supplied (M8) B. Junction or shown) C. Mounting If necessary, standoffs the and the mounting user-supplied (M8) the to the mounting The CMFS007, CMFS010 and CMFS015 optional mounting with or If the the this the mounting to or other with four user-supplied the the the the with the (M8) C Mounting
Mounting Mount CMFS025, CMFS040 or CMFS050 mount Motion ELITE Mounting CMFS007, CMFS010, and CMFS015 A. Mounting B. Mounting C. The CMFS025, CMFS040, and CMFS050 optional mounting the Assembled mounting CMFS025, CMFS040, and CMFS050 the to the the mounting C
the the the the with the CMFS025, CMFS040, or CMFS050 mounted the the shipped with that the rated the each of the then the the the Motion recommends (user-supplied). Mounting
Mounting Motion ELITE A. B. (user-supplied) C. D. E. the through both and thread the the With tighten the the the that the outward. both the assembly and tight. A. Direction to the B. Direction the C. C C
With wrench, the If with to the the matched the factory to each together with the with which shipped. CAUTION! the and feedthrough and or the or feedthrough and or Procedure and recycle the from the feedthrough the Mounting
Mounting Motion ELITE Feedthrough and A. or B. C. D. Feedthrough E. F. screw G. H. the screw and the the the feedthrough. and recycle the from the the the feedthrough the notches the of the with the notches the feedthrough. the and the screw to in-lbs. C
option Table option and the the and to the Direct MVD to wire. the MVD Direct the and the and the host. Core the and to the instructions this Junction the and to the instructions this as as the Motion Preparation and covered this chapter: The follow which option CAUTION! the specified the the which the to with the CAUTION! and housing covers and Improperly sealed housings to which or Inspect and grease and
the Motion ELITE user-supplied the of terminating the wires. If with termination shielding, to the to the shielding
inch of the clear and inch of shielding. Motion the wires through the and type NPT M20 the wires around the shield and off the wires. to the shielding the cover the wires through the gland. Terminate the wires the gland. inch of the clear and inch of shielding. wrapped around shield to User-supplied the shielding
shielding (armored the the shield or back the and inch the the the the housing. the wires through and the the Motion ELITE Motion shield type Apply the Heat the shielded heat the wires. that the wires completely covered. Apply heat F or C) to the the the the with the of the heat heat back and Motion offers of shielded and armored. Both shield wires. The Motion consists of of and AWG wires the VDC and of white and AWG wires the RS-485 User-supplied the following From the (shielded type M20 NPT from the shielded heat heat User-supplied the shield and wires the the to instructions
the to the terminals Twisted Applicable the the the and the Table VDC AWG VDC AWG VDC AWG RS-485 AWG or the and shielded the wires of the to the terminals the
Core the wires to the supply Black supply White (RS-485/A) (RS-485/B) and the cover Motion ELITE and the to the instructions the Motion Flowmeter Preparation and the of the the that wires exposed. From or Core type the wires to the supply Black supply White (RS-485/A) (RS-485/B) the cover. cover screws to: housing housing the wires to the terminals the Enhanced
Match the wires the or to the the screws to the wires of then tightly and the cover and housing covers the or to the and instructions.
Grounding Grounding Motion ELITE The grounded to the that the The knowing and complying with Motion the following grounding IEC to installations, Sections and the U.S.A. and ISA with associated and If follow these to ground the wire, AWG or ground leads as as than ground leads directly to earth, or follow CAUTION! Ground the to earth, or follow ground the facility. Procedure the the If the the ground-bonded, the grounded and further action If the the grounded, ground to the screw located the The or The grounding screw internal or
Supplementary information the Topics covered this chapter: the About If the they should sealed the should purged with or and resealed. the protects internal The purged of and sealed the factory. If the necessary to or the information, Motion Customer Service. If from the to the CAUTION! when the secondary of the and the to CAUTION! of the injury. the to with Follow instructions the the following the Teflon or to the Procedure the process, or operation. the the or the operation. Performing the while the operating both from the If used, the the the them with of Teflon Supplementary information
Supplementary information Motion ELITE the supply of or to the or the outlet to introducing or other the If the than (such as the than the that the from to top. If the than (such as the higher than the that the from top to that there tight the and that suction the or the process. through the The the amount of of atmosphere to The the the amount of to the If used, increase the to the of the the below Table CMF010 CMF025 CMF050 CMF100 CMF200 CMF300 CMF350 CMF400 CMFHC2 CMFHC3 CMFHC4 CMFS007 CMFS010 CMFS015 CMFS025 CMFS040 CMFS050 CMFS075
About Table CMFS100 CMFS150 At the off the supply, then immediately the outlet and with the the If the atmospheric operation, the that the tight that suction the to from the the of users to the to information about Motion Customer Service. If the they the The should If from the to the CAUTION! clear of the High-pressure from the or death. Supplementary information
Motion Inc. USA Worldwide Headquarters Circle www.micromotion.com Motion Emerson WX The www.micromotion.nl Motion Emerson of Motion United Emerson Bredbury SK6 2SU U.K. Motion Emerson Motion, Inc. rights The Emerson and service of Emerson Motion, ELITE, MVD and MVD Direct of of the Emerson family of other property of their respective owners. DI