Motion Flow BA
and information This Motion with when properly with the instructions this to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com/atex or through Motion Information to that with the Directive found the www.micromotion.com/ installations to EN apply. Other information found the Troubleshooting information found the Product sheets and from the Motion www.micromotion.com/documentation Motion procedures when These with government and Motion to follow Motion procedures refused Information procedures and www.micromotion.com or phoning the Motion Customer Service Motion service Location Telephone U.S.A. 800-522-MASS free) and America (U.S.A.) U.K. (toll-free) Customers the U.S.A. to other locations other locations (The
that the specified the the which the covered this chapter: that the and within the of the If the and Follow the instructions the and If remote-mounted follow the instructions this the and the and then follow the instructions the and the the and the Table and The the and the type. of Motion Motion Motion type To Motion MVD user-supplied function AWG (VDC) AWG or (RS-485) performance, follow Motion The as as the flow of AWG AWG
Motion Recommended the that the arrow the matches the flow of the process. The following information the from There Motion Straight of or downstream unnecessary. If the and should flow through the flow or the of flow through the with the downstream from the and torsional the the to The The the the and of the
of or F (C) Notes below F C), or heated to its to F C) and F C). Long-term of below F C) recommended. further restricted to the shipped with the or from the Motion www.micromotion.com The extended-electronics option allows the to insulated without covering the or ratings. F (C)
Mounting Mounting Mount the Motion to and To reduce the of or the should The of the rotated freely to Procedure Mount the the Mounting the Notes the to the The The the CAUTION! the the the the the
option option and the the and to the Direct MVD to wire. the MVD Direct the and the and the host. Core covered this chapter: The follow which option the options each option. CAUTION! the specified the the which the to comply with the CAUTION! and housing covers and Improperly sealed housings to which or Inspect and grease and
Motion Motion the wires through the and NPT M20 inch of the clear and inch of shielding. the wires around the shield and off the wires. the cover type inch of the clear and inch of shielding. wires wrapped around shield to to User-supplied the wires through the to
termination shield type (armored Apply the Heat the shielded heat the wires. that the wires completely covered. Apply heat F or C) to the burn the the the with the of the heat Shielded heat the the shield or back the and inch the the the the housing. the wires through and the the back From Motion (shielded type M20 NPT heat to User-supplied from the shielded heat Terminate the shield and wires the the to instructions
Motion the wires to the supply Black supply White (RS-485/A) (RS-485/B) From or and the cover the wires to the terminals the
Grounding The grounded to the that the The knowing and complying with Motion the following grounding IEC to installations, Sections and the U.S.A. and ISA with associated and If follow these to ground the wire, AWG or ground leads as as than ground leads directly to earth, or follow CAUTION! the to earth, or follow ground the facility. grounding Procedure the the If the the ground-bonded, the grounded and further action If the the grounded, ground to the grounding screw located the The or The grounding screw internal or Grounding
Motion Inc. USA Worldwide Headquarters Circle www.micromotion.com Motion Emerson WX The www.micromotion.nl Motion Emerson of Motion United Emerson Bredbury SK6 2SU U.K. Motion Emerson Motion, Inc. rights The Emerson and service of Emerson Motion, ELITE, MVD and MVD Direct of of the Emerson family of other property of their respective owners. BA