P/N C Motion ELITE
Motion, Inc. rights ELITE and and MVD and MVD Direct of Motion, Inc., Motion of Motion, Inc., The Motion and Emerson and service of Emerson other property of their respective owners.
You This to Motion ELITE The following information this Customer service technical the Motion Customer Service the U.S.A., phone 800-522-MASS free) and phone (U.S.A.) other locations, the U.K., (toll-free) other locations, phone (The Customers the U.S.A. Motion service Troubleshooting to the troubleshooting Customer service Definitions. installations options Location. the Mounting the Additional information You
You Specifications specifications found the which from the Motion www.micromotion.com Definitions The MVD to the following 2400S, and and The high-temperature ELITE to the following CMF200A, CMF300A, CMF400A, and CMFHC3A CMF200B and CMF300B The high-temperature ELITE to the following CMF200C, CMF300C, CMF400C, and CMFHC3C CMF200E and CMF300E This Motion with when properly with the instructions this to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com/atex or through Motion Information affixed to that with the Directive found the www.micromotion.com/documentation options The ELITE of The other ELITE with the following interfaces: 2400S or to remotely mounted or to user-supplied connecting to mounted or mounted High-temperature and high-temperature with which mounted 2400S or Motion ELITE
ELITE with 2400S or CMF010 or (optional) CMF025, CMF050, or CMF100 CMF200, CMF300, CMF400, or CMFHC3 Flow arrow Flow arrow (optional) 2400S or 2400S or Flow arrow You mounting 2400S or (optional)
You ELITE with CMF010 CMF025, CMF050, or CMF100 CMF200, CMF300, CMF400, or CMFHC3 Motion ELITE Flow arrow or (optional) Flow arrow (optional) Core housing Core housing Core housing mounting Flow arrow (optional)
ELITE with CMF010 CMF025, CMF050, or CMF100 CMF200, CMF300, or CMF400 Flow arrow or (optional) (optional) Junction Flow arrow Junction Junction Flow arrow You mounting (optional)
Location High-temperature or high-temperature ELITE CMF200A, B, C, or CMF300A, B, C, or CMF400A or C CMFHC3A or CMFHC3C Location Choose location the based the this section. The following location the performance, the should of installations the specified the the which the that to the Motion shipped with the or from the Motion www.micromotion.com to Motion instructions, shipped with the or from the Motion installations to EN apply. The and of the shown and ELITE other than high-temperature and extreme-high high-temperature and high-temperature ELITE Motion ELITE Flow arrow or 2400S shown) (optional)
ELITE and high-temperature and high-temperature of or F (C) Notes: below F C), or 2400S heated to its to F C) and F C). Long-term of below F C) recommended. further restricted The mount option allows the to insulated without covering the or ratings. the of selecting options, this should as If to the areas, to options other than with Motion Mount remotely; Mount remotely; F (C) Location
Location High-temperature and high-temperature ELITE and of or F (C) Notes: below F C), or 2400S heated to its to F C) and F C). Long-term of below F C) recommended. further restricted and the ATEX T to the ATEX shipped with the or the Motion www.micromotion.com and NEPSI the ATEX T UL and CSA Table UL and CSA F C UL Junction Core to to CSA Junction Core to to CMF400 2400S to to CMF400 2400S to to Motion ELITE High-temp. high-temp. Mount remotely; F (C)
If the mounted remotely from the the the and type. high-temperature and high-temperature ELITE the following: with or 2400S the to integrally mounted the Table apply. with or the apply only to the the or and remotely-mounted The of the which the or mounted to considered. Table type Motion to MVD Not or Motion to other Not Motion Not feet User-supplied (VDC) AWG (RS-485) AWG or Motion straight of or with the of the to through the with the of typical The to this should downstream from the It to the factory information about to the instruction shipped with the AWG AWG Location
the the The function properly the with Motion orienting ELITE as shown Recommended Application Recommended CMF010 CMF025, CMF050, and CMF100 CMF200, CMF300, CMF400, and CMFHC3 Flow arrow The flow arrow to the If the that the flow arrow matches flow. If the and should flow through the or Motion ELITE and mount
Mounting the to and to mount the To reduce the of or the should The of the or rotated freely to The CMF010 optional mounting with or Mounting ELITE Optional mounting CMF010 If the the mount the as illustrated. user (M8) Junction or shown) Junction rotated hand attached) to mounting Core to rotated to mounting If necessary, standoffs washers) Mounting used, they should the mounting that the Mounting the
Mounting the mount If with mount the to the To the mount There around the of the feedthrough this and You to the to the The shipped with the feedthrough the and There the mount the and the mount the feedthrough and the the feedthrough notches to the feedthrough the the feedthrough the the feedthrough. Tighten the screw to Feedthrough, and screw Motion ELITE Feedthrough and
Mounting the the Mounting the of high-temperature and high-temperature High-temperature and high-temperature ELITE with This agency factory-supplied 2400S or connected to the of the Mount the to or the screw when this to Feedthrough the notches of the mount the notches the of the mount with the notches the feedthrough to properly Mounting the 2400S or the mount and
Mounting the mounting high-temperature and high-temperature ELITE Mounting to the to which or the the CMF025, CMF050, and CMF100 the shipped with the following which the the To wafer-type to and and follow the below: the the rated the each of the then the the the recommended. Motion supply the through both and thread the the Tighten as tight as with the the that the outward both the assembly and tight. With wrench, alternating to the tightened. Motion ELITE or 2400S shown) Mounting user-supplied to the to
assembly Tightening the ...to the outward (user-supplied) the Mounting the
installations If the location, that the information the matches the which the Improperly sealed housings to which or Inspect and grease and and housing covers and options The of the following 2400S or (high-temperature and high-temperature only). the and the to Grounding to Core to to to the Motion MVD Direct to or Junction to or Core to Follow the below to the the and the of the following to shield the from the to the If that termination shielding the to of the If user-supplied with shielded or armored terminate the shields the gland. both the armored and the shield wires the gland. the wires to the internal ground screw of the to of the If Motion-supplied the housing: the and apply shielded heat as below. The shielded heat shield termination the when whose shield consists of and Proceed to of the below. With armored where the shield consists of the as below, apply heat Proceed to of the below. the cover from the housing. the and the the Motion ELITE
Motion and heat the housing, shielded as follows armored and inches of the clear that the and the the wires. the shield that around the insulated wires, inch of or and wires exposed, and the wires. the shield wire(s) around the off the wire. the shield wires the shielded heat the shield wire(s). The should completely cover the wires. Without burning the apply heat F or C) to the heat
Applying the heat the with the heat the cloth shield or and wires the and approximately inch the Folding the cloth shield the the housing and housing the wires through the and the the If the housing to allow the housing to without the wires. the wires the The Motion consists of of AWG wires and which should the VDC and of AWG and white), which should the RS-485 the four to the the Motion ELITE
Connecting the wires the supply wire) supply (Black wire) and the housing cover. Additional instructions the found the ground the shield and shield wire(s) the Junction to or Follow the below to the the and the or and the to the instructions Motions Preparation and the of the wires the should exposed. Match the wires the or to the Tighten the screws to the wires of then tightly and the and housing covers the or Enhanced Core housing ground screw to earth ground grounded and ground to internally) shield wires to this supply wire) RS-485/A (White wire) RS-485/B wire) supply (Black wire) RS-485/B wire) RS-485/A (White wire)
Grounding Grounding The grounded the the the ground-bonded. If the grounded the ground to the internal or grounding screw, which located the or grounding the to earth, or follow ground the facility. If follow these to ground the wire, AWG or grounding. ground leads as as than ground leads directly to earth, or follow Table shows the ELITE Table ELITE EN-1092 rating 50C 100C 150C 200C 250C 300C 350C 400C 427C PN Facing ASTM rating rating rating C-22 Motion ELITE B1 EN PN40 B1 B2 EN PN40 B2 B2 EN PN100 B2 B1 EN PN40 C-22
If the they should sealed the should purged with or and resealed. the protects internal The purged of and sealed the factory. If the to or the information, Motion Customer Service. If from the it necessary to the the secondary of the and the to when of the the to with Follow instructions the instructions the It to this the process, or operation. Performing the while the operating flow the the or operation. both from the If used, the the the them with of Teflon the supply of or to the or the outlet to introducing or other the If the than (such as the than the the from to top. If the than (such as the higher than the the from top to there tight the and suction the or the process. The the amount of of atmosphere to each the to Table If used, increase the to the of the the At the off the supply, then immediately the outlet and with the If the atmospheric operation, the the tight suction the
Table to ELITE CMF010 CMF025 CMF050 CMF100 CMF200 CMF300 CMF400 If used, increase to the If the they the The should If from the to the to from the the of to the to clear of the High-pressure from the or death. If the instructions the followed. Improperly the serious information about Motion Customer Service. Motion ELITE
Motion procedures when These with government and Motion to follow Motion refused Information procedures and www.micromotion.com or phoning the Motion Customer Service New and that from the and New and completed Authorization Used that classified as and used. This completely and cleaned Used completed Authorization and that with the If completed include certifying and that with the
Motion, Inc. rights P/N C the Motion specifications, the PRODUCTS section of www.micromotion.com Motion Inc. USA Worldwide Headquarters Circle Motion Emerson WX The Motion United Emerson Bredbury SK6 2SU U.K. Motion Emerson of Motion Emerson