SM-EtherCAT SP Affinity ST SK MP
Information The from or incorrect or of the optional of the or from the with the The of this to the of the interests of to of and the the right to the of the or its performance, or the of the without rights of this or or or mechanical including, photocopying, recording or information or without writing from the publisher. to the impacts of its operations and of its products throughout their To this (EMS) which to the International ISO Further information the EMS, and other information or found www.greendrives.com. The the to and (through increased efficiency) reduce and throughout their typical applications, these outweigh the impacts of and end-of-life Nevertheless, when the products eventually reach the of their life, they should instead recycler of Recyclers the products easy to their recycling. together and without the of whilst other with of the recycling. Product of and re-used. products while products which themselves high-recycled If re-used, these recycled. Polythene, the protective and from the easily recyclable of and to or of or please legislation and Software This (SM) with the software to existing software should to the functionality as of the type already This to products from Service or If there please the of The software of the MM.02 and MM.51 where MM the the used. MM.02 and MM.51 this information. The software the of where MM.02 displays and MM.51 displays software and REACH legislation EC the Authorisation and of Chemicals (REACH) the of to inform the than specified of which the Chemicals Agency (ECHA) to of High Concern (SVHC) and therefore them as compulsory authorisation. information this relation to products, please approach the first instance. Copyright March
Information and Warning information, which WARNING information, which necessary of to the or other CAUTION information, which to operation of the NOTE warning The the shock and/or burns, and lethal. when with or to the the this and of The as professional incorporation or If incorrectly, the The high and high of and to which to the and the to operation or the of malfunction. and who the necessary and They this information and this user The STOP and SECURE DISABLE SAFE TORQUE OFF of the isolate from the of the or from option The isolation to the With the of the SECURE DISABLE SAFE TORQUE OFF function, of the functions to of they safety-related The SECURE DISABLE SAFE TORQUE OFF function as the SP ST. The Affinity, SK and MP such The SECURE DISABLE function SP and the SAFE TORQUE OFF function of the ST the of EN954-1 the of of the They safety-related The that the and correctly to the SM-EtherCAT Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Index
to the functions of the which might through their or through incorrect to where malfunction of the or its to or allow or injury, and where necessary, further to reduce the protection of of the or mechanical of of Instructions the SP MP Affinity SK Started Commander SK Technical ST Started and ST Technical installation and of the with, including the subjected to physical force. with The complying with such as regulations, regulations and (EMC) to the cross-sectional of conductors, the selection of or other protection, and protective ground The SP MP Affinity SK Technical and ST Technical instructions with EMC Within the Union, machinery which this comply with and EMC to the installation. the with the the exposed. induction operation. If to the of the to its strongly recommended that the first. the to overheat the cooling becomes effective. The should with protection thermistor. If necessary, forced should used. The of the the the protection of the The the should It that the the rated (or SP, MP, Affinity and ST, or SK). This affects the thermal protection of the and/or profound the of the They without of the the to to or the SM-EtherCAT
operation SM-EtherCAT the of remotely from It that when connecting to remotely, procedures implemented to to the or to to the of the of the procedures to this It the responsibility of the to that such and with legislation. SM-EtherCAT Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference Terms
Introduction RJ45 connectivity with shielded twisted EtherCAT interfaces chaining. Supports the Unidrive SP MP, Affinity, ST and SK. synchronisation. to s. EtherCAT (CoE) which includes: Introduction to SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT that the of to connected to EtherCAT as It of from those synchronization and motion to those where ease of and What EtherCAT? EtherCAT high performance Ethernet-based that the of other The Ethernet received, then and as every instead the Ethernet the The of EtherCAT to apply Ethernet to that with synchronization and Typical EtherCAT injection assembly and others). The SM-EtherCAT by: The located the of the The the front of the SM-EtherCAT (brown-red). SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT of DSP-402 Profile and Motion) Interpolated Velocity Profile and SDO to and SM-EtherCAT Revision Customer and
The The the and the the (within the which the built. The alphabetical with (B C of Q46 would to of year this The of the and using and of that functionality. the of the appear the Commander SK, or Affinity and or the SP, ST and MP the the The the the The to the or as follows: this to SM-Applications/Plus should to tions V2. The to this to SM-Applications/Plus input/ or the RS485 as these SM-Applications V2. of the the SM- Applications and Motion NOTE It strongly recommended that the where to that features supported. NOTE SM-EtherCAT and where MM the to the (this or the SP, ST or MP, or the Affinity, the Commander SK) and the Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference
Mechanical or the AC supply least and to Chapter Information If DC supply this or WARNING The of The located the of the this the located the clicks that protective to from the further information, to the SM-EtherCAT
SM-EtherCAT information The SM-EtherCAT option incorporates BASE-TX RJ45 interfaces. To recommended that to together tested Ethernet this of when should shielded and as TIA Cabling the of downtime. cabling correctly routed, correct, correctly and switches or routers rated Office Ethernet offer the of immunity as NOTE The restriction Ethernet cabling the of of The SM-EtherCAT 100BASE-TX which of to This that the which SM-EtherCAT and another 100BASE-TX however recommended that the used. The restricted the Ethernet the of the and the The EtherCAT the that the selected performance. NOTE grounding SM-EtherCAT with grounding the that should to the grounding using the of This greatly the immunity of the SM-EtherCAT Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference
Network topology chaining EtherCAT Other Ethernet to that the operates within the specified the SM-EtherCAT There of recommended the To recommended that allow to and SM-EtherCAT PLC SP ST Commander SK SM EtherCAT SM SM EtherCAT EtherCAT
Started This section to SM-EtherCAT with PLC. It cover the basic to the EtherCAT (CoE) the SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT Table SM-EtherCAT the of the this section follow the to and These of the shown Table PDO controlword N/A N/A It strongly that the firmware where to that supported. NOTE to the of that CoE, through or or please section of this and that the SDO/PDO correct. SM-EtherCAT XML EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT.xml). This the with information about the SM- EtherCAT to with its The from the or from or It should the directory specified the TwinCAT this C:\TwinCAT\Io\EtherCAT. The to the to loaded. NOTE SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT firmware SP V01.08.00 or V01.00.00 or Affinity V01.02.00 or V01.00.00 or ST V01.02.00 or V01.00.00 or SK V01.06.00 or V01.00.00 or MP V01.00.00 or V01.02.00 or Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference Terms Index
the SM-EtherCAT other CoE that to The of the and the allocated To that the connected to the SM-EtherCAT the connected correctly, the LED the front of the SM-EtherCAT relating to the used, this light then established with the this light off then the cabling and that the the the that the SM-EtherCAT connected correctly to the If the correctly the SM-EtherCAT should the PLC the input to and/or CoE or from the to the and from the to the These the and/or the and the and information these including please section and section SM-EtherCAT PDO and to the Once to to the The when to as follows: The of to PDO as follows: would and the (the The normally to the NOTE SM-EtherCAT PLC Index: sub-index the bytes) of the to Index: the bytes) of the to
this the following to to the of the the Not Used Not Used The to the of as follows: to of the mapped of the to of the to of the NOTE The of PDO There the of these It to PDO). It to of and NOTE the The to the of the EtherCAT The following PDO assignment and PDO assignment to assign to the synchronization the of the assign to and to SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT PLC Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms
to the To to PDO assignment the below to the following sub-index to of (as that assigned to the assignment. sub-index to of (as to the to the To assign to PDO assignment the below to the following sub-index to of (as that assigned to the assignment. sub-index to of and sub-index to of (as and to the input Download the to the downloading the to the the the front of the SM- EtherCAT should flash, the connected. written to should the as the the the also, the updated the SM-EtherCAT Index: Index: Index: Index: Index:
the to the EtherCAT This should as the SM-EtherCAT the the the of the the LED of the SM-EtherCAT the the EtherCAT the with the the using the Download or the to the the front of the SM-EtherCAT to that the LED relating to the flashing, this confirms that functioning START Select END Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference
to the On the Unidrive SP, Affinity, ST and SK to of the when the to write to MM.00 the to On MP MM.00 to to of SAVE pressing the To MM.00 to MP MM.00 =SAVE). Press the RESET The the of the SM- EtherCAT affected. to the SM-EtherCAT the SM-EtherCAT Unidrive-SP, MP, Affinity and ST: Application fitted, the Application memory. the Application information. If the supply only, MM.00 to to NOTE This only and and SM-EtherCAT related NOTE Re-initialising the SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT MM.32 to the SM-EtherCAT or and Affinity, SK) the SM- EtherCAT re-initialised. To SM-EtherCAT: MM.32 to ON. the completed, MM.32 to OFF. The SM-EtherCAT the The NOT the SM-EtherCAT the or the SM-EtherCATs internal FLASH memory. This to off immediately and as such the the NOTE Re-initialise To SP, Affinity or ST: MM.00 to Press the RESET the This NOT the SM-EtherCAT the or the SM-EtherCAT FLASH memory. NOTE On SK NOTE SM-EtherCAT (OFF) (OFF) to (ON) Access RW
EtherCAT (CoE) The CoE EtherCAT of the dictionary. This specified Table CoE dictionary The related information such as and and Table Access: <access> Unit: sub-indices: Table with Access: <access> Unit: Access: <access> Unit: Access: <access> Unit: Access: <access> Unit: Access: <access> Unit: SM-EtherCAT dictionary to type to CoE to to Profile to Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms
Definitions: CoE The first of Table type type Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A The CoE functional DSP-402, the of the as follows: Identity Identity Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A The of the sub-index this Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A This the EtherCAT ID Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A MM.01 This the of the option ID Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A High MM.02 MM.51 the option software (the and the high of this and the the Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A MM.35 the option SM-EtherCAT This the of the dictionary specified four characters. <access> the (RW read/ write, RO read-only and WO write-only). The of the object/sub-index bytes. The physical counts to (DC to This the operating and/or type. On SP or closed-loop or MP closed-loop while and cleared. On SP or ST, while and cleared.
with from to specify PDO The from DSP-402 included as (the PDO the following Table The below. Each the of (each to PDO) the XML (specified as CF the below). Table PDO of Access: RW to (CF) Unit: N/A The of thie PDO Access: RW to Unit: N/A the DSP-402 to with the following SM-EtherCAT PDO controlword to of the would of or to of the to of the controlword of controlword _velocity Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference Terms Index
Table PDO of Access: RW to (CF) Unit: N/A The of this PDO. Access: RW to Unit: N/A the DSP-402 to with the following Access: RW to Unit: N/A the DSP-402 of operation to with the following Table PDO of Access: RW to (CF) Unit: N/A The of this PDO. Access: RW to Unit: N/A the DSP-402 to with the following Access: RW to Unit: N/A the DSP-402 of operation to with the following SM-EtherCAT to of the would of or to of the to of the to of the of or to of the to of the to of the mapped would of or to of the to of the to of the would of or to of the to of the
Table PDO of Access: RW to (CF) Unit: N/A The of thie PDO Sub-indices to to this PDO. Access: RW to Unit: N/A to with the following with the from to PDO The following from DSP-402 included as Table The PDO below. the of (each to PDO) the XML PDO of Access: RW to (CF) Unit: N/A The of thie PDO Access: RW to Unit: N/A the DSP-402 to with the following SM-EtherCAT to of the of or to of the to Index of the PDO to of the would of or to of the to of the modes_of_operation_display Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms
Table PDO of Access: RW to (CF) Unit: N/A The of this PDO. mapped Access: RW to Unit: N/A the DSP-402 to with the following Access: RW to Unit: N/A the DSP-402 of operation to with the following Table PDO of Access: RW to (CF) Unit: N/A The of this PDO. Access: RW to Unit: N/A the DSP-402 to with the following Access: RW to Unit: N/A the DSP-402 to with the following SM-EtherCAT to of the of or to of the to of the to of the would of or to of the to of the to of the would of or to of the to of the mapped to of the of or to of the to Index of the
PDO of mapped Access: RW to (CF) Unit: N/A The of this PDO. Access: RW to Unit: N/A the DSP-402 to with the following Access: RW to Unit: N/A the DSP-402 to with the following Table PDO of Access: RW to (CF) Unit: N/A The of thie PDO Sub-indices to to this PDO. Access: RW to Unit: N/A to with the following SM-EtherCAT to of the mapped would of or to of the to Index of the to of the would of or to of the to of the to of the of or to of the to of the Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference
The the EtherCAT of memory and or notifying the when the memory accessed. The following specify the (and memory areas) the CoE Table type type of Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A The of the CoE of Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A CoE as the to of Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A CoE as the to of Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A CoE as the to of Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A CoE as the input to PDO assignment PDO assignment Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A of assigned The received assigned to Table PDO assignment PDO assignment Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A of assigned The assigned to SM-EtherCAT
PDO assignment PDO assignment Access: RW to Unit: N/A The of assigned to this Sub-indices to (sub-index Access: RW to Unit: N/A The of to assign to this this assigned to and controlword). Table PDO assignment PDO assignment Access: RW to Unit: N/A The of assigned to this input). Sub-indices to (sub-index Access: RW to Unit: N/A The of to to this this assigned to and Feedback Table Feedback Feedback Access: RW to Unit: N/A This the feedback. SM-EtherCAT Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference Terms
(DSP-402) SM-EtherCAT the following of the DSP-402 Controlword This the of the of the Table the of the The to the through the Table Controlword Controlword Access: RW to Unit: N/A N/A the of the of the Table Controlword LEGEND: homing operation operation; switch Command Shutdown Switch Switch operation operation operation NOTE: to operation SWITCHED ON functionality. SM-EtherCAT Interpolated velocity Profile Command of the controlword
This feedback about the operating of the the of the and the combined to the of the Table Access: RW to Unit: N/A N/A This feedback about the operating of the functions LEGEND: homing attained; operation internal active; reached; warning; switch switched ready to switch State Common features These the to the Table Index controlword shutdown_option_code disable_operation_option_code quick_stop_option_code halt_option_code fault_reaction_option_code modes_of_operation modes_of_operation_display SM-EtherCAT State Not ready to switch Switch Ready to switch Switched active reaction active Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms
The of the shown CoE This the clarity the to SW the the QUICK STOP ACTIVE the currently selected of function should the and the option that the should QUICK STOP ACTIVE, the to SWITCH ON DISABLED. the OPERATION ENABLED or QUICK STOP ACTIVE it to the mode_of_operation This to that the the The SM-EtherCAT the the from the SWITCH ON DISABLED to the READY TO SWITCH ON If the the while the the SWITCH ON, OPERATION ENABLE QUICK STOP ACTIVE or READY TO SWITCH ON then the option to the SWITCH ON DISABLED This that the inhibited and the SM-EtherCAT
CoE SM-EtherCAT START tripped NOT READY TO SWITCH ON SWITCH ON DISABLED Shutdown READY TO SWITCH ON Switch On SWITCHED ON operation Shutdown OPERATION ENABLE Shutdown operation FAULT REACTION ACTIVE reaction FAULT QUICK STOP ACTIVE Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms
CoE and Transition Action(s) SM-EtherCAT or activated Shutdown from or Switch received from or command from or operation from or Shutdown command from or or from or Shutdown from or command from or or command from or command from or when the function completed and option or from the option The reaction function The function the high-power switched off from or from the option or section switched already switched The high-power switched-off immediately, and the to action the shutdown option The high-power switched off immediately and the to The high-power switched off immediately and the free to The high-power switched off immediately and the free to The function The section switch off of the currently the the the the controlword cleared the and/or function and clear internal function The function
the SM-EtherCAT from the EtherCAT Safe-operational to the EtherCAT of to allow the CoE to the and to this). These the following These once and continuously forced. They when the the option to write implicitly the CoE when to the option This what action when the function executed. The the of the of operations. Quick_stop_option_code Quick_stop_option_code Access: RW to Unit: N/A what action the of function. Table CoE and information. Table SM-EtherCAT to to On to (where to On (where to operating to to to On to to to to to On to to to Definition function and Switch and Switch and active and active Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms Index
Shutdown_option_code This to what action there from the to the Ready To Switch On Table Shutdown_option_code Shutdown_option_code Access: RW to Unit: N/A N/A Used to what action there from the to the Ready To Switch On Shutdown_option_code Disable_operation_option_code function (switch-off the This to what action there from the Enabled to the Switched On Disabled_operation_option_code Disable_operation_option_code Access: RW to Unit: N/A N/A This to what action there from the to the Switched On Disable_operation_option_code Fault_reaction_option_code This to what action when detected. This the tripped. Fault_reaction_option_code Fault_reaction_option_code Access: RW to Unit: N/A N/A This to what action when detected. Fault_reaction_option_code SM-EtherCAT Definition function (switch-off the with the function Definition function (switch-off the with the function Definition function, free to
Modes_of_operation This to the of operation. Modes_of_operation Modes_of_operation Access: RW to Unit: N/A This to the of operation. Table Modes_of_operation Modes_of_operation_display This the active of operation. Table Modes_of_operation_display Modes_of_operation_display Access: RO to Unit: N/A N/A Used to the active of operation. Modes_of_operation_display This to the to the when the function activated and the to or The the reaction The Quick_stop_deceleration Access: RW to Unit: N/A function the positioning related SM-EtherCAT Definition velocity Profile Homing Interpolated Definition velocity Profile Homing Interpolated Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms
Profile The to and The following supported: Table Supported gear_ratio feed_constant the includes feed ratio and These combined the and It to these which the and and the background. It however, to these to them). to the These and to to internal velocity This properly when reference or feedback, the and to velocity and when with round or It to these which the and the background. It to velocity with the factor. It to these to them). This the of The information from the Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A Access: RO to Unit: N/A Access: RO to Unit: N/A Gear_ratio This to apply user to the of the The ratio the following SM-EtherCAT ratio
Gear_ratio Gear_ratio Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A Access: RW to Unit: N/A Access: RW to Unit: N/A Feed_constant This to This the of the of the The using the following The feed should Table Feed_constant Feed_constant Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A Access: RW to Unit: N/A Access: RW to Unit: N/A the SP closed-loop and RFC It the ST and MP or of the If SK or Affinity. The the interpolated of operation. SM-EtherCAT feed feed Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms
Table the that supported: following_error_window position_window following_error_actual_value This to the currently The Access: RO to Unit: N/A N/A Used to the currently This the of the feedback The internal Access: RO to Unit: N/A N/A This only the of the feedback The internal Following_error_actual_value This only the of the following The Table Following_error Following_error Access: RO to Unit: N/A N/A This the of the following SM-EtherCAT
Table Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A The of Access: RW to Unit: The Access: RW to Unit: of The feed The APC the basic internal The the the or the It This as Interpolated Interpolated operates the SP closed-loop and RFC This operates the ST and MP. Table the that supported: Supported Interpolated interpolation_submode_select Interpolation_sub-mode_select Table Interpolation_sub-mode_select Interpolation_sub-mode_select Access: RW Unit: N/A (Linear the type. The the following Linear Interpolation. SM-EtherCAT Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms
This to specify the Linear to every The specified The written sub-index Table Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A This to the Access: RW to Unit: N/A N/A The Table Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A The of this Access: RW to Unit: (sub-index the sub-index The of sub-index The to that or of to write other SDO Abort Access: RW to Unit: N/A of This the the the The therefore, 10(sub-index The of allows the shortest to and the to 1s. The of allows only, where fixed, The specified of the The of the microseconds), Table information. Table SM-EtherCAT sub-index of of of of of of
The to that of the currently supported. This type of The input of record, and The FIFO Every from this The of internally. the command the velocity Velocity SP, ST, Affinity, MP and SK. It however, This the and the attached of the closed-loop or operating the velocity written to the internal shortcut. the attached operating the velocity written to the reference Table the that supported: velocity Index vl_velocity_min_max_amount vl_velocity_min_max vl_velocity_accleration vl_velocity_deceleration This to the velocity of the It the and the vl_setpoint_factor. The If the the of otherwise the and Table Access: RW to Unit: Used to the velocity of the SM-EtherCAT Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference Terms Index
vl_velocity_demand This the instantaneous velocity the function. The the and the the otherwise the user and Table Access: RO to Unit: the velocity the function This only the velocity the or closed this from the feedback and of The the the of otherwise the and Table Access: RO to Unit: N/A the velocity the or when vl_velocity_min_max_amount This to the and velocity. The the the of otherwise the Table vl_velocity_min_max_amount vl_velocity_min_max_amount Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A The of this Access: RW to Unit: Used to the velocity (both the and that the Writing to this overwrite and Access: RW to Unit: Used to the velocity (both the and that the Writing to this overwrite and SM-EtherCAT
vl_velocity_min_max This to the and velocity. The the the of otherwise the user Table vl_velocity_min_max vl_velocity_min_max Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A The of this Access: RW to Unit: Used to the velocity which the Access: RW to Unit: Used to the velocity which the Access: RW to Unit: Used to the velocity which the Access: RW to Unit: Used to the velocity which the vl_velocity_acceleration This to the and of the of the vl_velocity_acceleration vl_velocity_acceleration Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A The of this Access: RW to Unit: The of the and the the otherwise the Access: RW to Unit: The of seconds. SM-EtherCAT To to 5s, and and respectively. vl_velocity_acceleration Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference Terms Index
This to the and of the of the Table vl_velocity_deceleration Access: C N/A Unit: N/A The of this Access: RW to Unit: The of the and the the otherwise the Access: RW to Unit: The of seconds. This to the and of the of the Table vl_velocity_quick_stop Access: C N/A Unit: N/A The of this Access: RW to Unit: The of the and the the otherwise the Access: RW to Unit: The of seconds. SM-EtherCAT To 10s, and and respectively. To 10s, and and respectively. velocity
This to the and of the vl_setpoint_factor. The the or directing of the specified It the velocity function and the function. of used. vl_setpoint_factor Access: C N/A Unit: N/A The of this Access: RW to Unit: N/A of Access: RW to Unit: N/A of This to the and of the The to the user that they that relates to the the factor: Every user-specific velocity consists of to as of 1/s, bottles/min, The of the to this to the of used. Access: C N/A Unit: N/A The of this Access: RW to Unit: N/A of Access: RW to Unit: N/A of The every It to the and and then written to the reference SM-EtherCAT Velocity factor Velocity Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference
The vl_velocity_min_max every The to the the vl_velocity_min_max which The vl_velocity_min_max_amount to vl_velocity_min_max The of the the background. The option reads the of reference), from RPM to user and and writes the to the On closed-loop the feedback from the internally to the as and written to the On the from RPM) the background, to the of and written to the The vl_velocity_acceleration and vl_velocity_deceleration the background. They read, to the operating and written to the and the the vl_velocity_acceleration updated, and the the updated. Profile The SP, ST, Affinity, MP and Commander SK. It to this the SP. On the SP and ST closed-loop or this operates the the internal shortcut (which the every On the SK, SP and Affinity the reference written to the user which every using the of option and the used). Table shows the that supported: Table Profile Motor_rated_current This the input the The of this thousand of rated Access: RW to Unit: of rated Indicates the input the SM-EtherCAT
Motor_rated_current This the rated It from the the and this DC, or relative to this The of this Table Motor_rated_current Motor_rated_current Access: RO to Unit: Indicates the rated This the of the It to the the The of this thousand of rated Access: RO to Unit: of rated the of the This the of of The of this of thousand of rated second. Table Access: RW to Unit: of rated Indicates the of of Homing This section the which the called, the reference or Homing function shows the input as as the The user the and the of There further which allows the to the from the There those the which the or of the homing and the to the Homing function SM-EtherCAT Controlword Homing Homing Homing (609A offset (607C Homing Information Introduction Mechanical Installation Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference
choosing homing the following behaviour The homing switch, switch, switch), the of actuation and where the of the to the selection of this homing The of indicated. There four of homing These the and switches, the switch and the from the of homing shown below, the count increases as the to the right, other the the and the right the homing switch and this as shown Homing switch and the of the switch inactive The the first to the right of the where the switch becomes inactive. Homing switch and Homing switch and this as shown Homing switch and the of rightward the switch inactive The of the first to the of the where the switch becomes inactive. Homing switch and SM-EtherCAT
and Homing switch and these as shown Homing switch and the of the of the switch. The the to the or the right of the where the switch If the sited that the of the which the anywhere of of the switch. Homing switch and and Homing switch and these as shown Homing switch and the of the of the switch. The the to the or the right of the where the switch If the sited that the of the which the anywhere of of the switch. Homing switch and to Homing switch and These switch, which active only of the the switch 'momentary' action as the the switch. the to the of to the right, and SM-EtherCAT Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference Terms
using to the of to the the switch active the of the motion. this the of motion the sought. The the of the or of the switch, as shown Homing switch and motion and Homing switch and motion If the of leads from the switch, the encountering the switch. Homing switch and motion Homing switch and motion SM-EtherCAT
and These to Homing without These to to that the the the or switch and to and as shown Homing switch Homing switch and These and Homing these the of homing or respectively. The the found the selected as shown Homing Homing Homing this the to the This the to SM-EtherCAT Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference Terms
of controlword and The homing of the controlword and the Table Definition of and of the controlword the and of the controlword. Definition of and of the controlword Definition of and of the the and of the Table Definition of and of the Definition Homing Homing This the of the homing switch the homing Table Homing the Homing Homing Access: RO N/A Unigned Unit: N/A The of the sub-index this Access: RW to Unit: N/A The of the homing switch. This input as follows: to The of input to SM-EtherCAT option input or Access: RW to Unit: N/A the feedback This the from the selected feedback to instead of the when SM-EtherCAT Definition homing or homing to option Homing Homing or started. Homing attained, reached. Homing completed successfully. Homing occurred, velocity Homing occurred, velocity
This to the function that within the the Table Access: RO N/A Unigned Unit: N/A The of the this Access: RW to Unit: N/A Route the option the of the option input the Access: RW to Unit: N/A Option to of the routed the from the option input sub-index to This only from to sub-index offset This the the the and the (found homing the found and once the homing completed the offset from the the offset to the to this This illustrated offset The of this Negative the offset offset offset to Unit: Access: RW Homing offset SM-EtherCAT Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms
Homing This the homing that used. Homing the and Table Homing the this Homing Homing Access: RW Unit: N/A The homing that used. Table Homing Homing This the the homing The velocity Homing the Homing Homing Access: C Unit: N/A The of sub-indices. Access: RW Unit: N/A search switch. Access: RW Unit: N/A search Homing This the and to the homing operation. The Homing the Homing Homing Unit: Access: RW Indicates the and to homing operation. SM-EtherCAT Definition homing assigned to
Advanced features Distributed clocks SM-EtherCAT Distributed clocks. This the EtherCAT to and the option connected to which synchronization Unidrive SP or ST), the EtherCAT distributed clocks facility to this the and to the The and motion features to the CoE interpolated the the every to the every NOTE SM-EtherCAT The following supported: SM-EtherCAT the and Distributed EtherCAT (CoE) CMP through RTU (only the SP, ST, MP and Affinity) Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference Terms Index
The basic through the the MM.PP, where MM the SM-EtherCAT the The basic 60.PP SM-EtherCAT ID SM-EtherCAT ID SM-EtherCAT ID MM.01 The ID the type of the to MM This the of the type. SM-EtherCAT firmware Table SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT firmware MM.02 Table SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT firmware MM.51 SP/ SPM/ MP The software of the or and or or with the lowest the The software the of where displays and displays software the tions and ST ES Affinity The software of the or and or or with the the The software the of where displays and displays software the tions and SM-EtherCAT (SM-EtherCAT) Access RO N/A to Access RO N/A to Access RO
SK SL The software of the and The software the of where displays and displays software and Network SM-EtherCAT Table Network Network Access: RO N/A Unit: N/A The of this Access: RW to Unit: the The allowed to or write). If PDO this the option network If of type Access: RW to Unit: N/A Network type. If this to however, the and indicating warning as previously If this to the network the to the reaction option If the to the immediately (this that the SM-EtherCAT internal when from the EtherCAT The when the The SM-EtherCAT the and the SM- EtherCAT MM.50 or the of the following Once the armed, of of the received or transmitted each sub-index of the Network SM-EtherCAT SYNC received. Information Introduction Mechanical Installation Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms
Table SM-EtherCAT operating SM-EtherCAT operating MM.06 Table information MM.06 established established transmitted or received. information MM.06 Application The launched. The The fieldbus The Starting The The option initialised correctly EtherCAT transmitted or received. information bootloader MM.06 The bootloader memory The memory initialised. The initialised. Format The The The Loading The from the to memory. The launched. The bootloader finished launched. SM-EtherCAT N/A to Access RO The of PDO that the active EtherCAT second.
If the SM-EtherCAT operation, force the the displayed the which initiated the The reason the indicated the SM-EtherCAT MM.50 shows the that the when with SM-EtherCAT or when SM-EtherCAT initiates Table SLX.HF/ SL.HF SM-EtherCAT This option Not the SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT MM.44 This shows the option reading SM-EtherCAT Table SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT MM.35 The the SM-EtherCAT and It the of the of the SM-EtherCAT The detected that to with If this please or The the SM- EtherCAT This when SM-EtherCAT to previously N/A Access RO N/A Access RO Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms
SM-EtherCAT Table SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT MM.50 If detected operation the force the and the MM.50 Table shows the SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT N/A to Access RO selected. feedback Unknown type Unsupported type or initialising The option overheated. The responding. The Inter-option Inter-option to timeout. Inter-option to timeout. Inter-option to timeout. Memory The option background completed. Software
free Table SM-EtherCAT free SM-EtherCAT free MM.46 Worst Table Worst SM-EtherCAT free MM.47 MM.46 and MM.47 of the allocated to the and other FLASH free Table SM-EtherCAT FLASH SM-EtherCAT FLASH MM.48 Indicates what of the based and SM-EtherCAT The SM-EtherCAT from or and downloaded from To firmware to the SM-EtherCAT the of Winflasher required, this from or It that the of the SM-EtherCAT with the process. NOTE It strongly recommended that the firmware where to that supported. NOTE The Winflasher with SM-EtherCAT V03.07.00. NOTE SM-EtherCAT N/A to Access RO N/A to Access RO N/A to RO Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference Terms
Reference Table and of the SM-EtherCAT and that to the Table SM-EtherCAT reference reference the type Section (DSP-402). SM-EtherCAT identity Identity Section information. PDO PDO PDO PDO PDO PDO PDO PDO PDO Network the of Controlword Section the of the This feedback about the Section operating of the Used to the velocity of the Section SM-EtherCAT type PDO assignment PDO assignment PDO assignment PDO assignment the information Section PDO the information Section PDO the information Section PDO the information Section PDO the information Section PDO the information Section PDO the information Section PDO the information Section PDO the information Section PDO This read-only Section This read-only information relating to the This read-only information relating to the the currently Section the currently Section Used to the Section the instantaneous velocity the function. Section Section Section
Table SM-EtherCAT reference reference vl_velocity_actual Quick_stop option_code Shutdown_option Fault_reaction option_code Modes_of operation of Position_actual Quick_stop Gear_ratio This to apply scaling. Section Feed_constant This to feed Section Following_error SM-EtherCAT factor operation_option tion the velocity the Section or This to the Section and velocity. This to the Section and velocity. This to the and of the of the This to the and of the of the This to the and of the of the This to the and of the vl_setpoint_factor. what action the Section of function Used to what action there from the Operation to the Ready To Switch On This to what action there from the to the Switched On This to what action Section when detected. This to Section the of operation. This to Section the active of operation. Used to the currently Section This the Section of the feedback This to the to the when the function activated and the to or This the of This the Section of the following Used to the Section Section Section Section Section Section Section Section Section Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced Reference Terms Index
Table SM-EtherCAT reference reference the type. Section Table SM-EtherCAT reference SM-EtherCAT MM.01 Section ID MM.02 SM-EtherCAT MM.06 N/A to Section operating SM-EtherCAT MM.32 (OFF) (OFF) to (ON) Section SM-EtherCAT MM.35 N/A Section MM.44 MM.46 N/A to Section Worst MM.47 N/A to Section free MM.48 SM-EtherCAT MM.50 N/A to Section MM.51 SM-EtherCAT reference SM-EtherCAT SM-EtherCAT N/A to Section free SM-EtherCAT This to specify the Section The of Section N/A to Section N/A Section N/A to Section
Terms This the to to allow or the to the and the of the this the of or of that collectively This or of that to the typically include and other that transmitted the the of the the higher the the the the of connected to this type of including repeaters, or this or Earthing Grounding: the or shielding the LED: Light that or LSB: Least MSB: bit/byte. the This such as or of the such as repeater. that or as and Octet: of which PC: PLC: The which and the Polled SM-EtherCAT Information Introduction Mechanical Started (DSP-402) Advanced features Reference Terms Index
Scan Screening: to immunity to Shielding: to to that the of the Each within the Word: of SM-EtherCAT