Protection High and Protection Business-Critical Continuity
of SAD The the first the industry to offer coordinated of It the fast of the (SAD) with the high-energy of the MOV Its Transition continually the operating of the SAD-switching to the secondary of becomes concern. Other products of Self-sacrificing: This or with or This to the customer, and importantly, opportunity allow the to with as increase, defeating what to of Typical Sharing SAD MOV The The that actively the and from SAD to MOV when subjected to actively switches the SAD of the when to of their (MCOV). While SAD from the protection. this phase, the continually the which the SAD brought back Second, amount of high- transitioned to the secondary MOV This accomplished through matching network of with high-voltage/high-energy This the amount of high-energy through the SAD to and the through the MOV
Specifying The with Chart to with the SAD to right, choose the from each completed should to the below: Chart SAD 250J 500J L-N 120V 208V 230V 240V 277V 480V Units and (inches) Phase L-G L-L L-N N-G Phase and ground Three Phase Three Phase and ground Three Phase and ground Phase and ground Three Phase and ground Three Phase and ground Three Phase and ground High Units and Current (inches) Phase L-G L-L L-N N-G Phase and ground Three Phase and ground Three Phase and ground Three Phase and ground Phase and ground Three Phase and ground Three Phase and ground Three Phase and ground *Optional to Phase, Ground Three Phase Ground Three Phase Three Phase Ground other listed, please factory. Phase Phase L-N Phase L-L Phase Phase Phase Phase Phase Phase Phase Rotary LED LED, LED, Counter LED, Counter LED, Counters The the of the (SAD). At Transition allows from (SAD technology) to secondary (MOV Industrys only Active protects and to UL achieved330VAC to 120/208V of choice allowing tested and matched. matched to and matched to and life. Matched buss both SAD and MOV builds industry including to ground. UL Rated Highest and the industry. 10-year warranty and 5-year backed Emerson Service.
Specifications Means Connected Agency UL Edition), UL CUL Protection (L-N, L-G, N-G, L-L); Optional Capacity to phase H1 (L-N) phase H2 EMI/RFI C3 phase NEMA Optional NEMA 3R, 4X and to C Relative Humidity to to than Warranty 10-years 5-year Unit isolated C Optional counter or Emerson Network The Business-Critical Continuity. AC Connectivity DC Emerson Network and the Emerson Network and service of Emerson Emerson Integrated Switching Precision Cooling Services Corporation Dearborn P.O. Columbus, (U.S. Only) U.S.) FAX (PD) FAX Emerson Network 7/F., FAX Technical Toll-Free While to and this Corporation responsibility, and from of this information or or Corporation. rights throughout the Specifications to without to or of their respective owners. and the of the Corporation. SL-22060 (R3/06) Printed USA EmersonNetworkPower.com Protection