DANGER this to of high of causing shock, burns, or death. WARNING this to of CAUTION this to of ASCO POWER TECHNOLOGIES CANADA PO Airport Road, N3T 5T3 telephone service (ASCO) Road, New USA or service (ASCO) www.ascopower.com ATS Switches to the outline and with ATS and and to ATS and Each switch (ATS) rating to the and withstand/closing ratings. to the the switch the the rating the rating or serious Nameplate The Switch includes each ASCO ATS. the ATS only within the shown this the ATS. INSTALLATION Mounting and and Starting Functional through TESTING SERVICE Preventive Disconnecting the Trouble-Shooting INDEX back cover TABLE OF CONTENTS
typical shown below with its explained. The 7ATS with V, Phase switched 5X C Switch 7ATS C C three typical with location of C terminals C type type 3R type type 4X type type lights
ASCO Switches factory wired and tested. mounting and of service and the the front and the four screws front, rear) to the Supporting Foundation The foundation the and straight. to the outline included with the switch mounting including If used, the foundation that the located correctly. to the outline specified and location. and clearance to poured, interlocking or or template to to the outline furnished with this switch and mount the switch to and instructions shown to the with the switch. with the National and It to covers from the switch cabling. If them, them the conductors or that Normal and Emergency phase rotation. the OFF operation. SECTION INSTALLATION Mounting Testing Conductors the conductors to the switch they tested. troughs and ceiling-suspended often force. The of insulation and stretch or the this reason, the pulled and they connected, they should tested to that they or Protect the switch from and to malfunction or shortened of the ATS. Connecting Conductors the tested, them to the the switch as shown the with the switch. the with the screw type and the the with the switch. when insulation from the or the from cleaning with used, apply to conductors. to the specified rating grounding to the mounting the mounted the the and the This grounding which the hinges. The switch to the of the
Starting including the located TB which mounted the top right of the to the with the switch and the wires to the and A. A. TB1 and TB2 TB1 and TB3 To temporarily from the switch J3 from the P3 the of the assembly. to J3 to the P3 switch operation. to switch TB as shown the with this switch. The Functional consists of three Checks, Operation, these the to the switch. INSTALLATION (continued) TB Auxiliary Customer the top right of the Functional instructions the and to the switch. the features that and their proceeding. to TB
the of the Switch only. of the switch should (operated electrically). manually the switch both disconnected: both both the and the from the the of the switch the the the the of the and and B. the or as shown to manually the switch. It should smoothly without If or the switch to the Normal that the (right the top and the C (closed). Table B. ATS Normal Emergency If Normal and Emergency this reversed. DOWN the Emergency INSTALLATION C closed closed UP the Normal (lower) and of switch and its the and the the provided. C that the proceeding! to Emergency C closed Normal (right
these lights and switch; rated the as and that the to the when using to the following shock, burns, or death through the right. the lights. Black light White light off. If necessary, the to the The Switch to the rated specified the Switch to Section of to the of the ATS and the and of each to INSTALLATION (continued) GREEN RED GREEN RED the The Switch Connected To Normal and the Normal Source lights should to phase to phase and phase to the switch the necessary.) The Switch Connected To Normal Emergency Source lights should to phase to phase and phase to the switch phase to phase rotation of the as the the tor, The Source light should off. Then the switch the the C
these lights and Operation This the of the Switch. to the proceeding to of Both and and the used) of this through the right. the lights. Black light White light off. This the Functional of the ATS. INSTALLATION GREEN RED GREEN RED The Switch Connected To Normal and Normal Source lights should Turn and switch clockwise to Tes the and (within Emergency Source light should switch to the Emergency 2B The Switch Connected To Emergency light should and Connected to light off. switch back to Normal 3A counterclockwise to The Switch Connected To Normal light should Switch Connected to Emergency light should off. The the 2E cool- The Emergency Source light should off. this switch
the ATS least once month following the Operation PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE Reasonable insure high and the ATS. the United States, ASCO Services, Inc. (ASI) ASCO service organization. ASI (ASCO) information service (ASCO). Yearly Inspection of causing shock, burns, or death this switch. both Normal Emergency inspections! Clean the ATS and with clean cloth. the switch the switch and The to the of the switch. switch If the switch subjected to or operating factory and the the TS replaced. them REPLACEMENT PARTS the of (BOM), and from the switch ASCO Office or ASI: United States ASCO or ASCO SECTION TESTING SERVICE TRANSFER TEST DISCONNECTING THE CONTROLLER The furnished and should to If the isolated, follow these Disconnecting the the or below completed. the of the switch. If the switch the Normal first the off Second, then the Third, the If the switch the Emergency tion, first the Second, the the or Third, the the the the wires. Reconnecting the the or below completed. the of the switch. If the switch the Normal first that both and Second, that the the off If the switch the Emergency tion, first that both and The and the with the and straight both click. the the as follows: If the switch the Normal first the Second, the Third, the the If the switch the Emergency first the the
MANUAL LOAD TRANSFER This manually the the disconnected. manually the switch both disconnected: both both the and conductors or optional that furnished the switch (ATS) and their operation. to and/or instructions that with the ATS. PROBLEM OPERATION when the switch turned and or when the switch the to the the switch the to when or when the switch released. to the If the isolated to the or the switch, ASCO office or ASI. the United States, the and from the switch TESTING SERVICE Trouble-Shooting Checks. switch seconds or the enough to allow 1C cranking and 2B to used). 3A to used). 2E to used). These factory to the the to manually the switch to the Then the that the proceeding! If the switch the Emergency manually the and then or the TROUBLE-SHOOTING of causing shock, burns, or death this switch. the or terminals of the switch! CHECK IN NUMERICAL SEQUENCE GEN-SET the and connected. to TB. that the J3 connected to P3. closed. least of Starting the VOLTAGE should least of phase to phase switch terminals EA and EC (or EL1 and EL2 switches). should least of phase to phase switch NB and NC, NC and NA, and NA and NB (or NL1 and NL2 switches).
C cover cleaning, disconnecting, operation, Emergency Source Accepted light, functional ground, ground front cover harness, HELP (ASCO) Printed U.S.A. Copyright ASCO L.P. inspection, TB, front cover lights, of, warning, warning, operation, of, warning, cover Normal Source light, of, warning, optional INDEX phase rating functional, switch Bypass, Switch Connected To Emergency light, Switch Connected To Normal light, to emergency, to troubleshooting, and