DANGER this to of high of causing shock, burns, or death. WARNING this to of injury. CAUTION this to of ASCO POWER TECHNOLOGIES CANADA PO Airport Road, N3T 5T3 Road, New USA or service (ASCO) ATS Switches through to the outline and with ATS and and to ATS and Each Switch rating to the and withstand/closing to the the Switch the the rating the rating or serious Nameplate The Switch includes each ATS. the switch only within the shown this typical shown the with its explained. the ATS. INSTALLATION Mounting and and Functional TESTING SERVICE Preventive Disconnecting the Trouble-Shooting INDEX back cover TABLE OF CONTENTS
Typical 7ATS V, Phase switched 5X C WARNING terminals spacers INSTALLATION) typical with location of 7ATS C C three Switch C and to terminals switch C type type 3R type type type 3R type type 4X type type lights
The ASCO Switch (ATS) factory and tested. connecting service and and required). Supporting Foundation The foundation the and straight. to the included with the switch mounting including If used, the foundation that the located correctly. to the specified and location. and inch clearance to poured, interlocking or or template to to the and Mounting with the ATS; shows mounting and instructions. Protect the switch from and to malfunction or shortened of the switch switch. Mount the ASCO ATS vertically to mounting using washers the to of the switch. The mounted the DIN optional and mounted below the the furnished with the ASCO ATS from this to this with the National and the conductors or that Normal and Emergency phase rotation. the OFF operation. Testing Conductors the conductors to the switch they tested. troughs and ceiling-suspended SECTION INSTALLATION Mounting often force. The of insulation and stretch or the this reason, the pulled and they connected, they should tested to that they or installation. Connecting Conductors the tested, them to the the switch as shown the with the switch. the with the screw type and the the with the switch. when insulation from the or the from cleaning with used, apply to conductors. to the specified rating Three included with switches. the through the spacers as shown the spacers within inches from the The spacers located as shown and switches. and switches. grounding connected to the mounting the mounted the the and the This grounding which the hinges. spacers inch Ground
The switch connected to the of the Starting The used) located the switch. wires to terminals as specified and shown A. TB14 and TB15 TB14 and TB16 The Functional consists of three this Checks, Operation, these the to the ATS. instructions the and to the switch. the that and their operation proceeding. the Switch only. operation of the switch should (operated electrically). manually the switch both disconnected: both both the and the the of the switch. the attached and with and as shown to manually The the INSTALLATION (continued) switch ENGINE STARTING CONTACTS SHOWN DEENERGIZED TOP STUD MIDDLE STUD BOTTOM STUD and location of switch. wires to the switch. the features that furnished this switch. the to the Functional of the Turn or as shown to manually the switch. It should smoothly without If or the switch to the Normal If Normal and Emergency this operation reversed. to of the switch indicated and and TS TB NR TB TB NR floating With ALL POWER OFF and with and
these lights and First switch; rated the as and that the connected to the when to shock, burns, or death through the right. the lights. Black light White light off. If necessary, the to the The Switch to the rated specified the Switch to Section of to the of the ATS and the and of each to INSTALLATION (continued) GREEN RED GREEN RED the The Switch Connected To Normal and the Normal Source lights should to phase to phase and phase to the switch the necessary.) The Switch Connected To Normal Emergency Source lights should to phase to phase and phase to the switch phase to phase of the as the the tor, The Source light should off. Then the switch the the C
these lights and This the operation of the Switch. to the proceeding to of Both and and the used) of this through the right. the lights. Black light White light off. This the Functional of the ATS. INSTALLATION (continued) GREEN RED GREEN RED The Switch Connected To Normal and Normal Source lights should Turn and switch clockwise to Tes the and (within Emergency Source light should switch to the Emergency 2B The Switch Connected To Emergency light should and Connected to light off. switch back to Normal 3A counterclockwise to The Switch Connected To Normal light should Switch Connected to Emergency light should off. The the 2E cool- The Emergency Source light should off. this switch
the ATS least once month following the PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE Reasonable high and the ATS. ASCO Services, Inc. (ASI) ASCO service organization. ASI infor- mation Yearly Inspection of causing shock, burns, or death this switch. both Normal Emergency inspections! Clean the ATS and with cloth. the switch the switch and the they become or excessively. the switch The switch properly lubricated, and operating further required. factory the switch subjected to or operating the TS replaced. them REPLACEMENT PARTS the of (BOM), and from the switch ASCO office or ASI. the United States 1800800ASCO SECTION TESTING SERVICE TRANSFER TEST DISCONNECTING THE CONTROLLER The furnished only and should to If the isolated, follow these Disconnecting the the or completed. the of the switch. If the switch the Normal first the off Second, then the Third, the If the switch the Emergency first the Second, the the or Third, the the the the wires. Reconnecting the the or completed. the of the switch. If the switch the Normal first that both and Second, that the the off If the switch the Emergency tion, first that both and The and the with the and straight both click. the the as follows: If the switch the Normal first the Second, the Third, the the If the switch the Emergency first the the
MANUAL LOAD TRANSFER This manually the the disconnected. manually the switch both disconnected conductors optional that furnished the switch (ATS) and their operation. to and/or instructions that with the ATS. PROBLEM OPERATION when the switch and or when the switch the to the the switch the to when or when the switch released. to the If the isolated to the or the switch, ASCO office or ASI. the United States, the of (BOM) and from switch TESTING SERVICE Table Trouble-Shooting Checks. switch seconds or the enough to allow 1C cranking and 2B to used). 3A to used). 2E to used). These factory to the both the and conductors or the to manually the switch to the If the switch the Emergency manually the and then or the TROUBLE-SHOOTING of causing shock, burns, or death this switch. the or of the switch! CHECK IN NUMERICAL SEQUENCE GEN-SET the and connected. to TB. that the J3 connected to P3. closed. least of Starting the VOLTAGE should least of phase to phase switch terminals EA and EC (or EL1 and EL2 switches). should least of phase to phase switch terminals NB and NC, NC and NA, and NA and NB (or NL1 and NL2 switches).
C spacers, of, cover cleaning, disconnecting, grounding, operation, Emergency Source light, functional HELP 800800ASCO inspection, installation, Printed U.S.A. Copyright ASCO L.P. cover lights, warning, operation, of, warning, cover Normal Source light, of, warning, of optional phase INDEX rating cover service, switch Switch Connected to Emergency light, Switch Connected to Normal light, to to troubleshooting, and