DANGER this to of high of causing shock, burns, or death. WARNING this to of injury. CAUTION this to of ASCO POWER TECHNOLOGIES CANADA PO Airport Road, N3T 5T3 ACTS ClosedTransition Switches 150400A, 600800A, 10004000A, 30004000A, Road, New USA or service (ASCO) to the and with ACTS and and to ATS and the ACTS. Each closedtransition switch rating to the and withstand closing ratings. to the the switch the the rating the rating or serious Nameplate The Switch includes each ACTS. the switch within the shown this typical shown the with its explained. INSTALLATION Mounting and and Starting Functional TESTING SERVICE Preventive Disconnecting the Trouble-Shooting INDEX back TABLE OF CONTENTS
Typical switched V, ACTS Phase switched 5X C Switch typical with location of 7ACTS C C three field TB C C type type 3R type type type lights
ASCO ClosedTransition Switches factory wired and tested. mounting and of service and the switches, the front and the four screws front, rear) to the Supporting Foundation The foundation the and straight. to the included with the ACTS mounting including If used, the foundation that the located correctly. to the specified and location. and clearance to poured, interlocking or or template to to the and mounting with the ACTS; shows mounting and instructions. Protect the switch from and to malfunction or shortened of the switch switch. Mount the ACTS vertically to mounting washers the to of the switch. The mounted the DIN optional and mounted below the load)bottom or top entry. ASCO required. On to both service and through the top or of furnished with the ASCO ACTS from this to this with the National and SECTION INSTALLATION Mounting the conductors or that Normal and Emergency phase rotation. the OFF operation. Testing Conductors the conductors to the switch they tested. troughs and ceiling-suspended often force. The of insulation and stretch or the this reason, the pulled and they connected, they should tested to that they or Connecting Conductors the tested, them to the the switch as shown the with the switch. the with the screw type and the the with the switch. when insulation from the or the from cleaning with used, apply to conductors. to the specified rating front of or the switch. the right of the switch. clearance the and grounded inch inch It to the from the switches to the If them,however, to the switches to to off the they If the the with touching the cleaned breathe cleaning
Tighten to the specified A. The reliablility of the clean and tight the Table A. Tightening inches To temporarily from the switch J3 from the P3 the of the assembly. to J3 to the P3 switch operation. grounding connected to the mounting the mounted the the and the This grounding which the hinges. The switch connected to the of the wires to terminals the switch. the that furnished this switch. the to the The Functional consists of three Checks, Operation, these the to the ATS. INSTALLATION (continued) Tightening foot pounds Starting The used) located the switch. wires to terminals as specified and shown B. TB1 and TB2 TB1 and TB3 Customer the top right of Functional Read instructions the and to the ACTS. the that and their proceeding. to switch TB
A) switches switches switches the Switches of both CN and CE switches they operated electrically. manually the switch both disconnected: both Select the switch and follow the the through the the the of the and the the of the Emergency OPEN or CLOSED Normal INSTALLATION with both the the and the counterclockwise DOWN OPENS the to Emergency to Normal (lower) switches. through the (with the and the the the or to and the the the the as shown to manually the Switch. The switch should smoothly without If or the the other Switch. the CN Switch to the C (closed) the CE Switch to the and the Switch the provided. that the and properly proceeding! to Turn counterclockwise to OPEN Turn clockwise to CLOSE clockwise DOWN OPENS the to Emergency to Normal (lower)
these lights and First switch; rated the as and that the connected to the the switch to that both and the closed when to shock, burns, or death through the right. the lights. Black light White light off. If necessary, the to the The Switch only to the rated specified the Switch to Section of to the of the ATS and the and of each to First switch; rated the as and INSTALLATION (continued) RED RED RED RED GREEN GREEN RED the The Switch Connected To Normal and the Normal Source lights should to phase to phase and phase to the switch the necessary.) The Switch Connected To Normal Emergency Source lights should to phase to phase and phase to the switch phase to phase of the as the the tor, The Source light should off. Then the switch the the C
these lights and This the operation of the ClosedTransition Switch. to the proceeding to of Both and and the used) of this through the right. the lights. Black light White light off. If closedtransition the Closed Transition while the shows Waiting InSync This action interruption) to the to the This the Functional of the ACTS. INSTALLATION RED RED RED RED GREEN GREEN RED this switch The Switch Connected To Normal and Normal Source lights should Turn and switch clockwise to Tes the and (within Emergency Source light should switch CE and then Switch CN (closedtransition The Switch Connected To Emergency light should and the Switch Connected to Normal light off might and hear the switch back to Normal 3A counterclockwise to The Switch Connected To Normal light should Switch Connected to Emergency light should off. The the 2E cool- The Emergency Source light should off.
the ACTS least once month following the PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE Reasonable high and the ACTS. the United States, ASCO Services, Inc. (ASI) ASCO service organization. ASI (ASCO) information Yearly Inspection of causing shock, burns, or death this switch. both Normal Emergency inspections! Clean the ACTS and with cloth. Check the switch the switch and the they become or excessively. the switch If the switch subjected to or operating factory and the the TS replaced. them REPLACEMENT PARTS the of (BOM), and from the switch ASCO Office or ASI: United States ASCO SECTION TESTING SERVICE TRANSFER TEST DISCONNECTING THE CONTROLLER The furnished only and should to If the isolated, follow these Disconnecting the the or completed. the of the switch. If the switch the Normal first the off Second, then the Third, the If the switch the Emergency tion, first the Second, the the or Third, the the the the wires. Reconnecting the the or completed. the of the switch. If the switch the Normal first that both and Second, that the the off If the switch the Emergency tion, first that both and The and the with the and straight both click. the the as follows: If the switch the Normal first the Second, the Third, the the If the switch the Emergency first the the
MANUAL LOAD TRANSFER This manually the the disconnected. manually the switch both conductors both the and conductors or optional that furnished the ACTS and their operation. to and/or instructions that with the ACTS. CHECK IN NUMERICAL SEQUENCE PROBLEM PROBLEM OPERATION GEN-SET VOLTAGE when the switch turned and or when switch the to the the switch the to when or when the switch released. to to light light TS light If the isolated to the or the switch, ASCO office or ASI. the United States, the BOM from the switch TESTING SERVICE (continued) TROUBLE-SHOOTING Table Trouble-Shooting Checks. switch seconds or the enough to allow 1C cranking and 2B to 3A to 2E to Conditions of Normal or Emergency Sources closed and of both Press CN and CE closed than the the nected then ASCO Service occured; switch from operation. the disconnected then ASI These factory to the to manually the switch to the the closed then the other both closed. Thenremovethemaintenancehandle. that the proceeding! If the switch the Emergency manually the and then or the of causing shock, burns, or death this switch. the or terminals of the switch! Starting the and connected. to output closed. least of Starting the should least of phase to phase terminals EA and EC (or EL1 and EL2 switches)* should least of phase to phase terminals NB and NC, NC and NA, and NA and NB (or NL1 and NL2 switches).
C cover cleaning, closed bypass, disconnecting, operation, light, to functional ground, HELP 800800ASCO Printed U.S.A. Copyright ASCO L.P. inspection, lights, warning, operation, of, warning, cover light, operation of, warning, optional phase rotation INDEX rating cover functional, switch Switch Connected To Emergency light, Switch Connected To Normal light, to to troubleshooting, TS and