STS2 Static Switch2 The Cornerstone of AC Business-Critical Continuity
The to Protect Operations applications, the Static Switch2 (STS2) and the of UPS If the UPS should the switch the to the UPS. the building the UPS and Static Switch products. STS2 further leadership with unmatched products. The STS2 Greater Protection rated, Hot-swappable memory firmware while Rack-out control/power assembly to 600A to allow service or without the Flexibility: CANBUS high-bandwidth twisted-pair as with and service. Ownership: Conservative and capacity. UL Touch-Screen Interface The touch-screen LCD interface allows to the of the and The of the STS2 and The LCD three to there and section to instructions and The screen allows to the including the of the selection, and other You from effectiveness, reduced and chance of
to the and as assembly. The STS2 DSP of and each the other If malfunctions, the other Each from both option and access. The Both inputs, from each AC input protection, that internal or The that applications. Front-Access mechanical and of the STS2 from the front of the and or required. This Greater freedom The STS2 to or back of other It or Simplified installation, with through top and access. with and from the front of the without the connected Source Source CB1 K1 K2 CB3 CB4 K2 K3 K1 K3 CB2 CB5
Option Cost-Efficient and the STS2 the STS2 the respectively. The algorithm the from of phase White STS2 www.liebert.com. offers option the STS2 that greatly when switching applications. STS2 The STS2 of high-availability or secondary switches. switching, the connected to the or input of downstream On secondary switching the STS2 connected to the secondary or of One of the of switching These the of to 480V 208V, and and thanks to of three The of this the creation of each switching The downstream The caused when the phase.
The switch the downstream The to such that the to the downstream balanced, This directly computing the to the and the to the to the within specified This that of to other algorithms based phase only. STS than the to approach to the should the performance this switch. whenever to while It both and that and the to Rather, fire the as as to the and hence the this STS2 loads? The STS2 both the CBEMA to and the ITIC loads. STS2 the of while its while the
STS2 Communication and Product STS2 choice of and options to connected to protection RS-232 this as interface to and the (ICI) input relays allow from other to displayed STS2 interface to inputs. and routed to the the ICI. (PRB) relays and to the STS2 to to Comms Includes to DTE to This to RS-422. or to with the STS2. Card ADPT Allows to from the using SNMP, and security using HTTPS Supports and Ethernet and with shutdown software, to and Supports WEB software, to and to facility Interfaces to software, to corrective action. Card ADPT to TCP/IP-based Ethernet network to allow the to with (NMS) SNMP. to the NMS to and The includes RJ-45 Ethernet The the with existing Building (BMS) or out-of-band using and Anchors To the the of activity, anchors the to to to the and cabling without relying inch Distribution to 600A) mounts the of the STS2. It height section with to allow easy access. The mounted The with cover that without other of the The 100A through 250A three-pole branch It includes isolated and safety-ground the and safety-ground the path. The connected with the Junction and to 600A) The input option to input to the STS2. input and the associated 10-foot input with this option. with only, typically when the located Remote Source Selection optional Source Selection STS2. This option allows choose the input from location. to the as the selection. Switch The switch activates software of the touch-screen to and the touch-screen becomes to or
from Emerson Network Service Service Emerson Network Service and of and service that allows to the of services that fits These include four-hour service and With than Liebert-employed Customer and of factory authorized service technical geographical coverage and to to These factory-trained service professionals to the factory authorized the industry. them with to and service from the Remote There, The to service of that operating who to these protection continuously monitored, to themselves, Emerson Network Service offers Remote Service. This to the of the effectiveness of its 24-hour of conditioning products and other where located, oversight of of installations from Customer detected, the immediately the Customer where each and processed. The offers phone using and service the and service and reports and corrective
Ensuring The High Mission-Critical Applications. Specifications Heat Uncrated Uncrated (KW) (inches) (inches) and weight include the and Specifications or VAC or to C Emerson Network The Business-Critical Continuity AC Connectivity DC Emerson Network and the Emerson Network and service of Emerson Emerson Computing Switching Precision Cooling Protection Corporation Dearborn P.O. Columbus, (U.S. Only) U.S.) FAX (PD) FAX Emerson Network 7/F., FAX U.S.) While to and this Corporation responsibility, and from of this information or or Corporation. rights throughout the Specifications to without to or of their respective owners. and the of the Corporation. SL-20600 (R03/08) Printed USA EmersonNetworkPower.com Integrated Services