ADTS DelayedTransition Switches DANGER this to of high of causing shock, burns, or death. WARNING this to of CAUTION this to of ASCO POWER TECHNOLOGIES CANADA PO Airport Road, N3T 5T3 telephone service (ASCO) 150600A, 8001200A, 16003000A, 4000A Road, New USA or service (ASCO) to the and with ADTS installation and and to ATS and licensed the ACTS. Each closedtransition switch rating to the and withstand closing ratings. to the the switch the the rating the rating or serious Nameplate The Switch includes each ADTS. the switch only within the shown this typical shown the with its explained. INSTALLATION Mounting and and Starting Functional through TESTING SERVICE Preventive Disconnecting the Trouble-Shooting INDEX back cover TABLE OF CONTENTS
Typical V, ADTS Phase switched 5X C TB Switch typical with location of 4ADTS C three C C type type 3R type type 4X type type lights
ASCO DelayedTransitionTrans- Switches factory wired and tested. tion mounting and of service and required). the switches, the front and the four screws front, rear) to the Supporting Foundation The foundation the and straight. to the included with the 4ADTS mounting including If used, the foundation that the located correctly. to the outline and location. and clearance to poured, or or template to to the outlineand mountingdiagram providedwith the ATS; shows mounting and instructions. Protect the switch from and to malfunction or shortened of the switch switch. Mount the ATS to Levelallmountingpointsbyusing flatwashers to of the switch. The mounted the DIN optional mounted below the the conductors or that Normal and Emergency phase rotation. the OFF operation. Testing Conductors the conductors to the switch they tested. troughs and ceiling-suspended often force. The of insulation and stretch or the this reason, the and they connected, they SECTION INSTALLATION Mounting should tested to that they or Connecting Conductors furnishedwith theASCO 4ADTS from this to this with the National and the tested, them to the the switch as shown the with the switch. the with the screw type and the the with the switch. when insulation from the or the from cleaning with used, apply to conductors. Tighten to the specified rating front of or the switch. the right of the switch. clearance the and grounded inch inch It to the from the switches to the If them,however, to the switches to to off the beforetheyarejoined. Ifthe gentlyclean the with touching the cleaned to the specified Table A. The of the and tight the Table A. Tightening inches Tightening foot pounds
grounding connected to the mounting the mounted the the and the This which the hinges. The switch connected to the of the wires to terminals the switch. the that furnished this switch. the to the Starting The used) located the switch. wires to as specified Table and shown and the B. TB1 and TB2 TB1 and TB3 of switch COMMON FEATURE to FEATURE to COMMON FEATURE 14B closed FEATURE 14A closed COMMON FEATURE 14BA closed FEATURE 14AA closed to through switches. INSTALLATION switch Starting DC resistive DC or AC TS 14A 14B DC AC Optional TS 14AA 14BA DC AC DC DC or AC to FEATURE to located through switches. TS 14A 14B DC AC TB (field AWG to FEATURE
The Functional consists of three OperationTest, through16 Checks, Operation, these the to the ATS. instructions the and to the ATS. the that and their operation proceeding. to below. the switch operation of the switch operated electrically. manually the switch both disconnected: both Select the switch and follow and using the J, thru the the of the Installthehub (withpin) ontothe insertthe the the or to the the the the as shown to manually the Switch. The switch should smooth- without If or the the other Switch. the switch to the (closed If the and the switch the INSTALLATION Functional Emergency C closed Normal switches Shown with Emergency and Normal closed. Emergency C closed Normal switches Shown with Emergency and Normal closed. Emergency OPEN or CLOSED Normal switches Shown with Emergency closed and Normal (right (right
of switch Emergency Normal switches. Hubs shown with Normal Emergency DOWN the Emergency Emergency switches. DOWN the Normal Normal switches.. INSTALLATION (continued) UP the Emergency UPPER SHAFT UP the Normal LOWER SHAFT of switch both from closed the Emergency Normal switches. shown with Normal closed Emergency DOWN the Emergency Emergency operation switches. DOWN the Normal Normal operation switches.. UP the Emergency UPPER SHAFT UP the Normal LOWER SHAFT
Switch Normal Normal Disconnected Emergency Emergency The and through follower The and the If Normal and Emergency this operation reversed. INSTALLATION manually the switch both disconnected: both Table C. switches. Interlocked closing both Interlocked closing both weight C closed C closed
Emergency OPEN or CLOSED Normal and switches. that the and properly proceeding! INSTALLATION with both the the and the counterclockwise DOWN OPENS the to Emergency to Normal (lower) switch. to Turn counterclockwise to OPEN Turn clockwise to CLOSE clockwise DOWN OPENS the to Emergency to Normal (lower) compressed)
these lights and the the switch; the rated the as the and that the to the when to shock, burns, or death through the right. the lights. Black light White light off. If necessary, the the to the tions. The switch to the rated specified the switch to Section of the to the of the ATS and the and of each Press the to that lights to INSTALLATION Press the lights should The and the Switch connected to lights should to the phase to phase and phase to the switch the necessary.) Another light should The light right) should to the phase to phase and phase to the switch phase to the phase of the the as the phase of the to the The light right) should off. Then the switch to C
these lights and This the of the switch. to the proceeding to of Both and and the used) of this through the right. the lights. Black light White light off. If the light the and to Normal buttons them. to the Press or arrow the and The that the light To or the to the informa- tion and there. This the functional of the ATS. INSTALLATION these buttons Press The lights should the and the Switch connected to should Press and the the and (this should within The light right) should Then the switch should to emergency. The Switch connected to light right) should and the connected to light should off. If 2B used, the to the The switch should back to 3A the to Normal The Switch connected to light should and the to right) light should off. The 2E cooldown). The light right) should off. If this light the buttons the If this light the
the ADTS least once month following the PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE Reasonable high and the ADTS. ASCO Services, Inc. (ASI) ASCO service organization. the US ASI formation Yearly Inspection of causing shock, burns, or death this switch. both Normal Emergency inspections! Clean the 4ADTS and with cloth. the switch the switch and the they become or excessively. the switch If the switch subjected to or operating factory and the the TS replaced. them REPLACEMENT PARTS or- the of (BOM), and from the switch ASCO Office or ASI: the United States ASCO ASCO SECTION TESTING SERVICE TRANSFER TEST DISCONNECTING THE CONTROLLER The furnished and should to If the isolated, follow these Disconnecting the the or completed. the of the switch. If the switch the Normal first the off Second, then the Third, the If the switch the Emergency first the ond, the the or Third, openthe the the the wires. Reconnecting the the or completed. the of the switch. If the switch the Normal first that both and Second, that the the off If the switch the Emergency first that both and The and the with the and straight both click. the the as follows: If the switch the Normal first the Second, closetheemergencysource Third, the the If the switch the Emergency first the the
MANUAL LOAD TRANSFER This manually the the disconnected. manually the switch both disconnected conductors both the and conductors or optional that furnished the ADTS and their operation. to separatedrawingsand/orinstructions thatmay bepacked with the ADTS. CHECK IN NUMERICAL SEQUENCE PROBLEM PROBLEM OPERATION GEN-SET VOLTAGE when the switch and or when switch the to the the switch the to when or when the switch released. to If the isolated to the or the switch, ASCO office or ASI: the United States, or the and of (BOM) from the switch TESTING SERVICE (continued) Trouble-Shooting Checks. switch seconds or the enough to allow 1C cranking and 2B to 3A to 2E to These factory to the to manually the switch to the the closed then the other to both Normal and Emergency through Then the that the proceeding! If the switch the Emergency manually the and then or the TROUBLE-SHOOTING of causing shock, burns, or death this switch. the or terminals of the switch! Starting the and connected. to closed. least of Starting the should least of phase to phase terminals EA and EC (or EL1 and EL2 switches)* should least of phase to phase terminals NB and NC, NC and NA, and NA and NB (or NL1 and NL2 switches).
C cover cleaning, indicators, disconnecting, operation, light, functional through ground, HELP 800800ASCO Printed U.S.A. ASCO L.P. inspection, installation, interlocked cover lights, Disconnected light, disconnected, through warning, operation, of, warning, light, operation of, warning, optional phase INDEX rating cover service the U.S through switch connected to light, switch connected to light, switch to to troubleshooting, user and to Normal, and