EC2-311 and GB Instructions This instructions users. of to More information found the The EC2-311 with and EX2. the EC2-311 and and fan(s). and suction the and and the the The superheat the of the EX2 the through the The and and of the and the thermostat. The fin termination. The relay outputs to the heater and Please the technical (right) input and ratings. of to the shut-off characteristics of the EX2 to of the instructions: instructions thoroughly. to comply or injury. The the knowledge and technical exceeded. from installation. within Comply with when PCN: Network Technical EC2 supply 24VAC Class II 20VA including EX2. Communication LonWorks Interface, FTT10, RJ45 screw operating Humidity Protection IP65 (front protection with relays SPDT Inductive (AC15) 250V/2A (AC1) 250V/8A; 12A EX2 (ASC 24V only) Mounting The EC2-311 mounted with below including that mounting with of housing front and clockwise. Mounting and Turn mounting touches Then other mounting to the Tighten both secured. as mounting easily. to the (below) of this the wires/cables 90C operation (EN EC2 and should to other Connecting EC2 to permanently the EC2. and from recommended Warning: II 24VAC supply (EN ground the 24VAC to EC2 and to to interference or grounding the supply. Connecting EC2 to permanently the EC2. +65C +60C 24VAC, 1A
EC2-311 and GB Instructions Recommended the first of the directly the the suction the of the as high as Position asymmetric to the as high as fin the asymmetric to the mounting both thermal using or wraps (as as they become which and superheat performance. It recommended to the with ARMAFLEX or The recommended of the and as shown the Both should mounted spacers the that there around. The necessary. The protected and The based the and The the suction Though the the first selected the measured should the measured the suction header. The outlet should mounted the suction header of the The superheat from the these correction using the below). and the the optional IR build-in, and easy of the when interface Alternatively, the the The protected The To the Press the PRG than seconds, flashing displayed Press or Press SEL to The first displayed To below. Procedure Press or to the of the that to Press SEL to the selected Press or to increase or the Press SEL to temporarily the and its the from the to To and the Press PRG to the and the To without least seconds (TIME OUT). Press ESC IR PCN: or Defrost Activation: activated locally from the Press the than seconds, flashing displayed Press or Press SEL to The activated The Functions activated by: Press and together than seconds, flashing displayed. Press or the displayed If the Press SEL to displayed and the Function activated. Press or to the function. The of and below. Press SEL to the function without the function Press PRG to the function and the function of the Functions the first activates the function, and the the function. The of the function displayed exiting the function function Clear Cleaning The cleaning effectively with the option of the on/off. The cleaning should to isolate the only the to to the factory The the and the of The to shown the selected the of the displayed with the selected The the Press the SEL to through The the of the and then the selected the to the selected It to temporarily the of the This when initially the without the of the Press the SEL sequentially. The the to the to the Action when H2 of relay LON service LED of relay of heater relay IR LED
EC2-311 and GB Instructions DISPLAY PARAMETERS Unit Custom to Thermostat with C Air-in C Air-out C C Defrost termination C C C K off, Unit C, F termination /C ALARM-PARAMETERS A0 Mean factor A1 A2 High A3 AH High AL C AL AH C At type C; to THERMOSTAT-PARAMETERS C C off, Thermostat off, thermostat function, cooling off, cooling, cooling, thermostat heating, using SNMP. and off. C Mean factor, operation Mean factor, operation C DEFROST PARAMETERS Defrost heater activated forced heater activated, forced heater activated, termination using SNMP Termination by: termination termination termination termination first, what first or and Defrost termination Dedicated Air-out termination PCN: Unit Custom off, heaters switched off ation or whatever selected and heaters switched off and switched Defrost while closed Injection injection while off, together with C Defrost termination C Defrost FAN-PARAMETERS F1 by: first, whatever first or and F2 cooling off; F4; off, when F3 off F4 F5 cleaning off, On C C COMPRESSOR-PARAMETERS C0 first C1 C2 C3 SUPERHEAT PARAMETERS R22, R507; R404A; R407C; R410A; R124; R744 Correction MOP MOP off, MOP MOP C Superheat off superheat Superheat Superheat Superheat OTHER PARAMETERS H2 to LON IR and IR Temporary and and IR Temporary with SEL and H3 IR H5
EC2-311 and GB Instructions Mean Factors A0, the following Mean Factor Mean Factor Mean factor Mean factor Mean factor Air-in and Air-out E0 E1 E2 This inhibited (A0, and E3 Air-out This inhibited (A0, and and fin E4 This inhibited fin Explanations E0 E4 connected, or the and/or the or short-circuited. of to the of AH High AL AE Thermostat operation cooling AF closed to active Superheat, operation Sensor(s) flow flow than Forced termination or Forced or to The and when to the to activated The when the factory initialized. The flashing Id when the received. The flashing Id shown the the service pressed, or or received. OF offline The offline and This the of and installation. Defrost Defrost Defrost Defrost injection Defrost Cleaning CL cleared Emerson Co OHG to stated Products, specifications and this to without The information based technical and which EMERSON to and which with technical knowledge of It the technical knowledge and their and of of obtained or occurred to This Emerson Co OHG D-71332 www.emersonclimate.eu PCN: LON The EC2-311 LON interface the to directly to It connected using the optional assembly to LON network (ECC-014, with RJ45 to ID Service PIN: The service the It to the LON Press the to the ID. The LED the the of the ID. The remotely from the the LON the information. It to graphical the or to containing the