Motion Viscosity Direct insertion MMI-20020994, AA
and information This Motion with when properly with the instructions this to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com or through Motion Information to that with the Directive found the www.micromotion.com/documentation installations to EN apply. Other information found the Troubleshooting information found the Product sheets and from the Motion www.micromotion.com/documentation Motion when These with government and Motion to follow Motion refused Information and www.micromotion.com or phoning the Motion Customer Service Motion service Worldwide: Telephone: North and South America and East United States U.K. The New Eastern South Thailand South Africa UAE
covered this chapter: Other Recommended installations short-stem the of the to and information the installation. the and boundary to the installation. and to corrected. that the which the that the and and within the of the that the specified the the which the that to the and that necessary installation. to performance of the If wired to remote-mount FOUNDATION to the instructions this the and to the to the instructions the mounting and the FOUNDATION Motion and the the and The recommended the Motion recommends using Motion
Motion Viscosity The following information the from the with Follow or the (KDV) of the to the the PFA-coated tines, the protective cover the when the The coating to and the its the to include the cover the screws. incompatible with the of the to than continuously). of the performance of the the operating to the and boundary. to the and regulations and of the housing cover properly to protection and the and associated tested to the operating installation. Thermally the and the and bypass-loop to Following the DC to the VDC, typical, recommended VDC with of AWG of power-supply At of of short-term of the input
explosion-proof/flameproof (AWG AWG of of 21.6V 24V 21.6V 24V
Other boundaries Motion of factors that the of the to successfully. To that correctly, the of these factors when installation. Motion the factory to the selected of purchase. The factory account the boundary of the At of that the and boundary matches the to performance of the If the match the installation, and to The boundary of to the or effective, of the the boundary of the walls. This based the type of or the of the Considering this when the the insertion the of the that within the that the The of the creates effective that as the of the tines. The of the with the that the The to of this and progressively to the the the to the
of boundary or A. B. Short C. or effective, the of this effective or with of the or boundary SCROLL SELECT STATUS C
Flow Entrained Motion of (with boundary A. effective of You flow rates and to relatively within the specified the The steady heat flow the installation, and the flow the self-cleaning of the and the of and around the If the (such as free-stream inch bypass, or flow-through chamber): flow or using the from the Entrained or the of the caused corrected the or serious to and To the of of to the location. or which to of the SCROLL SELECT STATUS
Thermal Recommended installations short-stem Installation back the to flow velocity the within the specified the following to related to of the velocity that the enough downstream from that of (such as flow velocity the that within the specified process, necessary. high should the and the and immediately and downstream of the reduces the of the following to reduce the thermal effects to installation: the and surrounding thoroughly. Insulation least inch of preferably inches or heat Insulation sealed protective casing to ingress, and crushing of the insulation. flow-through chamber installations, Motion insulation of the flow rates (hence, heat flow) and increased to effects. heating or cooling of the and associated and downstream that to If to protection cooling of of apply heating. This type of heating thermostatically and the thermostat to below the operating of the Motion three installations the short-stem to factory these of and the boundary of each installation. highlights these to or that
Motion types: short-stem Table type: directly the flow. The and with the oriented to allow flow through or the of the tines. Flow to the to to C to C F to F) flow inch) bore off the flow. The and with the to allow flow through or the of the tines. to C to C F to F) inch) inch) bore clean and and and and Flow-through chamber flow- through chamber which from the flow. to to C to C F to F) mounted to and and and with heat
types: short-stem type: with: Motion recommends that of the to installation. This confirms that occurred to the the from the CAUTION! the with Follow or the inspect the physical If physical to the immediately Motion Customer and the You the back housing cover to the PWR with: or flow rates or rates Where Where bore bore Where Flow-through chamber with flow to the of
Motion supply terminals A. VDC (KDV) The to that the matches the factory If the the then or its factory information KDV the and that shipped with the
Mounting Mount free-stream Topics covered this chapter: Mount free-stream Mount free-stream Mount with Mount with flow-through chamber Mount Mount closed the PFA and the the (optional) the the (optional) Free-stream installations recommended with the following to the Flow to C to C F to F) Procedure information the (with free- You the and oriented to allow flow the the irrespective of the or This to the of or the allowing the to and the to C to C F to F) Mounting
Mounting Mount free-stream Motion Free-stream A. 4-inch installations; 6-inch installations B. the mount that the the [approximately The free-stream installations 1.5-inch and to 4-inch, 6-inch, 8-inch or 10-inch that the of the oriented correctly and the Free-stream installations recommended with the following Flow to the to C to C F to F) If factor process, the reduced thermal of the of the efficiently. the bore the to the You the to the with the of C to C F to F) SCROLL SELECT STATUS
Mount with Procedure information the (with free- You the and oriented to allow flow the the tines, irrespective of the or This to the of or the allowing the to and the to Free-stream A. 4-inch installations; 6-inch installations B. C. D. Free-stream (purchased to installations recommended with the following Flow to the to C to C F to F) of C to C F to F) C SCROLL SELECT STATUS Mounting
Mounting Motion Flow velocity the and within the shown to that the within the refreshed This as as the free-stream to viscosity. The thermal of the the of the to the PFA and to the of the the Section Procedure information the (with the that the retracted from the higher flow rates, increase this increase the flow You the and oriented to allow the the tines, irrespective of the or This to the of or the allowing the to and the to A. 4-inch or or B. of from the flow of the process. C. PFA and of SCROLL SELECT STATUS C
Mount with flow-through chamber Flow-through chambers Motion, and with weld-prepared or with or the They with inch NB, 2-inch NB, or 3-inch NB and The of the and otherwise the and of the affected. Installations flow-through chambers recommended with the following Flow 2-inch bore section to C to C F to F) C, to Flow velocity the and within the shown to that the within the refreshed This as as the free-stream to viscosity. The thermal of the the of the to Procedure of flow-through chamber. 3-inch bore section C to C F to F) Mounting
Mounting Mount Motion Flow-through chamber A. Optional This flow-through chamber direct-insertion type chamber that thermowell and -inch The three the flow -inch -inch and inch mounting the rated to the of the flow The or CAUTION! the of the mounted Procedure the to positioning the to the insertion of the
Confirm the from the from A. B. Confirm the Mounting
Mounting Motion Viscosity Confirm the from and flow. from and flow) A. If flow the that the flow directed or through the the tines.
Mount (flow through Confirm the from from the the (shipped with the Mounting
Mounting Motion Closed-tank (Optional) To the insertion of the mount the standoff section that to the
Closed-tank (with standoff) A. Standoff height customer) Confirm the from the from A. B. Confirm the Mounting
Mounting Motion Confirm the allowed the of the to the from or the of flow. (allowance A. Confirm the from and
from and flow) A. If flow the that the flow directed or through the the tines. (flow through Confirm the from Mounting
Mounting the PFA and Motion from You the PFA (and around the boss the of the to the within 2-inch or The the If the of the self-locking PFA and to Procedure information attaching the PFA and to the
the the (optional) Attaching PFA and A. with self-locking PFA B. PFA C. PFA and attached You the the to the screw that the to A. M5 screw the clockwise to the to the screw and to C Mounting
Mounting the the (optional) Motion The the rotated or from the A. housing B. C. D. screws E. cover Procedure the Turn the counterclockwise to from the (and necessary) the screws while holding the the of the the terminals from the If the of the board with the the and them. the to the the terminals the to the its C
If the screws, them with the the then and them. the cover the Turn the cover clockwise the Mounting
Mounting Motion Viscosity
terminals and covered this chapter: and Explosion-proof/flameproof or remote-mount FOUNDATION option to (HART to and/or flow Three of These option The (TPS), and (DO) and connected to VDC supply. connecting to remote-mount FOUNDATION fieldbus the to the remote-mount the this information to the to the information the remote-mount FOUNDATION The screw each of AWG whether the or It to that the the and and If the to or the to HART You or HART Table HART HART remote-mount FOUNDATION C
Explosion-proof/flameproof or the explosion-proof/ flameproof or Motion CAUTION! and should trained with the of Procedure to the and
the outputs HART RS-485 PWR A. VDC B. C. HART-compatible or and/or D. operating the with 24V supply, of allowed. CAUTION! To the EC Directive EMC recommended that the connected using instrumentation The instrumentation should or each twisted and to Where the should connected to earth both both The should connected the should where the the Unused should with C RS-485 RS-485
the explosion-proof/ flameproof or Motion CAUTION! and should trained with the of Procedure to the and
the output HART DO RS-485 PWR A. VDC B. C. HART-compatible or and/or D. recommended) E. input operating the with 24V supply, of allowed. operating the with VDC supply, of allowed. CAUTION! To the EC Directive EMC recommended that the connected using instrumentation The instrumentation should or each and to Where the should connected to earth both both The should connected the C RS-485 RS-485
remote-mount FOUNDATION option RS-485 the remote-mount FOUNDATION fieldbus option Motion should where the the Unused should with DANGER! or death. To reduce the of off the DANGER! the that with the the RS-485 and intrinsically (U VDC (I (C inductance (L IIB, IIC (U o VDC (instantaneous) (I o (steady (I) (P o (R IIC (C o inductance (L o inductance/resistance ratio (L o /R o IIB (C o
the RS-485 and inductance (L o inductance/resistance ratio (L o /R o user-supplied the of terminating the wires. If with termination shielding, only to the to the shielding
inch of the clear and inch of shielding. Motion Motion the wires through the and type NPT M20 the wires around the shield and off the wires. to the shielding the cover the wires through the gland. the wires the gland. inch of the clear and inch of shielding. wires wrapped around shield to User-supplied the shielding
shielding (armored the the shield or back the and inch the the the the housing. the wires through and the the Motion shield type Apply the Heat the shielded heat the wires. that the wires completely covered. Apply heat F or C) to the the the the with the of the heat heat back and Motion offers of shielded and armored. Both shield wires. The Motion consists of of and AWG the VDC and of white and AWG wires the RS-485 User-supplied the following From the (shielded type M20 NPT from the shielded heat heat User-supplied the shield and wires the the to instructions
the remote-mount FOUNDATION option Motion Twisted Applicable the the the and the of AWG or with of The following to the wires of to the information mounting and to the mount FOUNDATION fieldbus the to the remote-mount FF A. White to RS-485/A B. to RS-485/B C. to D. Black to supply To the EC Directive EMC that the connected instrumentation The instrumentation should or each and to Where the should to earth both both The should connected the should where the the Unused should with C
to (HART You to three HART with the The following information those and
HART explosion-proof/ flameproof or explosion-proof/flameproof or A. HART B. HART C. HART D. E. CAUTION! To the EC Directive EMC recommended that the connected using instrumentation The instrumentation should or each and to Where the screen should connected to earth both both The should connected the should where the the Unused should with Motion C HART VDC
to and/or flow with (TPS) the to or flow directly. The following information those and the to active HART or converter/flow to to the These active the VDC these
to converter/flow explosion-proof/flameproof or Motion to converter/flow explosion-proof/ flameproof or HART TPS RS-485 PWR A. Active HART B. Active converter/flow CAUTION! To the EC Directive EMC recommended that the connected instrumentation The instrumentation should or each twisted and to cover Where the should connected to earth both both The should connected only the should where the the Unused should with RS-485 RS-485 VDC
Grounding The grounded to the that the The knowing and complying with Motion the following grounding EN to installations, Sections and the U.S.A. and ISA with associated and installations, IEC If follow these to ground the wire, AWG or ground leads as as than ground leads directly to earth, or follow CAUTION! Ground the to earth, or follow ground the facility. grounding Procedure the the or installation. If the the or ground-bonded, the grounded and further action If the the or grounded, ground to the grounding screw located the Grounding
Grounding Motion
Grounding
Motion Inc. USA Worldwide Headquarters Circle www.micromotion.com Motion Emerson WX The www.micromotion.nl Motion Emerson of Motion United Emerson Bredbury SK6 2SU U.K. Motion Emerson *MMI-20020994* MMI-20020994 AA Motion, Inc. rights The Emerson and service of Emerson Motion, ELITE, MVD and MVD Direct of of the Emerson family of other property of their respective owners.