PROGRAMMABLE MOTION CONTROLLER INSTALLATION and OPERATION MANUAL P/N A2 EMERSON Motion Rights
Information furnished EMERSON Motion to and responsibility EMERSON Motion its EMERSON Motion the right to the or operation of the and associated motion products without EMERSON Motion responsibility that appear this Information to without Motion P/N A2 EMERSON Motion Rights
Motion
EMERSON Motion Rights of this without the written of EMERSON Motion EMERSON Motion of EMERSON Motion Printed U.S.A. July Revision A1 The that when FX the field. This to to the release of the FX Positioning of and to further and the the and instances. inconsistency.
Product The Emerson Motion PMC Motion closed-loop with or positioning applications. The PMC PCM Application and the Emerson Motion FX Typical PMC The PMC velocity and feedback closing the around Introduction
Motion The PMC PCX or and PCX including of Positioning and PMC's. PMC and from PCX software PCX 6.X P/N the front of the PMC which allows to the without The and the relationship to RPM ratio with of RPM of the The PMC of "PCM" The attached them the front of the PMC. The PCM to the supply and include optically isolated inputs/outputs of The PMC with or VAC phase (switch The PMC includes follower Interface The PMC to with match that input velocity and feedback that to the Command The PMC the the polarity and of the command) and what to The feedback to the to whether the what commanded to If and feedback the and to or the to the amplifier. The input velocity of the match the PMC scaling. using the PCX the Calibrated Velocity and the Velocity Command these the PMC to the command with or below to of the Although this velocity the PMC the from to velocity. Without the PMC to the commanded without and The to or function of the The PMC the velocity through feedback The performance of the PMC directly to the performance. The to of that the PMC that to of to or with the
The PMC offers three of operation: Indexing, and Indexing The allows to thirty-two or to and memory. These and other commands such as and selected the input/output (I/O) from such as or buttons. I/O or with of the Another of the allows ASCII commands to received through the RS423 interface. This interface allows to down-load such as velocity, The ASCII commands with the RS232C interface IBM (or (PC) or (PLC) with ASCII or basic the the PMC to representing externally commands. These commands normally the of CW or CCW This commonly to when motors. the the PMC to and amplifiers the commands input. Introduction
Motion
The following and to and and of Emerson Motion PMC. The and outlined the following and include and fusing and and I/O The the responsibility to with the of the This includes the with switch the and necessary, to the This section with the information to installation. The interlock switches that AC from the the or when the activated. This to the of or of the The ground should disconnected servicing, and only AC the of AC there of the that servicing. to follow death or serious Disconnecting AC immediately the the and the to this The it to the the greatly the of the
Motion AC The AC of the input within the specified and of that this If this the AC required. The AC input connected to the (L1, L2, GND) located the of the PMC. to the PMC and the the To operation of seconds re-applying NOTE: The of AC to the PMC with of AC to the Grounding The PMC internally grounded. The function of chassis grounding to that the earth ground connected to the AC ground input of the chassis. Ground from the chassis ground each of to ground. should the as the input to the and shared with other The should ground of least the as the conductors. and ground together. shows typical To please the of the IEEE ANSI and the National
Grounding If operating the as the PMC EMI/RFI to reduce the of conducted Effects of the greatly reduced when the outlined below closely followed. and high the raceway. NOTE: If wires then the input and shielded. The shield these wires should connected to ground the of the Connecting both of shielded to ground ground wires the as as with troubleshooting and Follow the recommended should relays and as outlined the following section. If and high they
Motion I/O relay and The of the should as to the as the of DC the that the to the (DC the of AC and the to the (AC The of and the inductance of the the relay the to These greatly the of the the the which easily reach through the rather than arcing the as they to and from the PMC connected with insulated to withstand the Although each input and high immunity, routing within the I/O and conductors. High (>50V) from to High should physically from the high carrying conductors should twisted to Conductor should as as to reduce and the Input/output shielded leads should treated as conductors and within the or raceway. shielding it to the the of shielding shield the effective to the
of Interference (EMI). shield the effective to Interference (RFI). that both of shielding however, shield usually protection. To reduce of ground shields should grounded preferably the Selecting The Emerson Motion PMC the sophisticated atmospheric such as and Therefore, the PMC to subjected to this type of back mounted verticality NEMA type and If the F, cooling should considered. The of the the to It the thermal of the Normally, the the the the thermal Thermal affected forced cooling, and the
Motion Feedback The PMC as the feedback from the The type of from each other. These as CHA and CHB. To the motion the third that once or Index. Emerson Motion with the PMC. SDC-15-1,
NOTE: The of coupling the and the SDC-25-1, NOTE: The of coupling the and the Wave graphic of the from the SDC-15-1 or SDC-25-1 shown below. Typical Wave would of of or B.
Motion Wave recommended they least affected that TTL connected to the PMC. The TTL to the amplified wave Typical Wave Quality distributed the interface cabling reacts to this as to the lead. to these effects. If the to the PMC this: The PMC this properly. These of coupling through the cabling. The to as shown
Feedback The connected to the clockwise of the as from the of the count The below the of EMC that CW CW rotation. This the the mounted the rear of the SDC-15-1 SDC-25-1
Motion To The PMC The PMC the of the connecting the and The sections of should than The following of the the Connector input input input input input input +5VDC Command Command Command Feedback Feedback NORMALLY ON EMITTER NORMALLY OFF EMITTER Common Collector only) NORMALLY ON EMITTER NORMALLY OFF EMITTER Common Collector only) Discriptions input The input A, B, M, directly connected to the The should and VDC to with VDC reference. recommended to their immunity. selection +5VDC supply +5VDC and ground to the If the to this supply to and grounded to the ground the
shield terminals as shields. These terminals internally to the input ground the should connected only, preferably the PMC. Command and Command Command and Command the from the PMC to the velocity command input. This from velocity to velocity of 4.7K. The Command ground reference to the input ground of the PMC. NOTE: It that the ground the to the input ground the PMC. Command Polarity of the clockwise of the as from the The should clockwise as from the This count within the PMC. Path The internally connected to ground within the PMC. Consequently, the input to the ground reference. The below the typical to
Motion Feedback Feedback and Feedback to allow the PMC to the the to the amplifier. This input +/-5VDC and +/-10VDC from seconds slightly than to seconds This high input which referenced to ground. Scaling of this input allow indications to to the PMC. the of the PMC and Polarity of these If or both of these they should their polarity with the of PCX PCX 6.X or with commands. Typical input shown Polarity The outputs allow the PMC to the or The with both normally and normally off outputs. To the normally and normally Consequently, to the normally off and normally off The the of while the the
or the normally off and the normally off the normally and the normally off off. The allow the PMC to the The with both normally and normally off outputs. To the normally and normally Consequently, to the normally off and normally off The the of while the the as shown below. the normally and the normally off off. of the and operation, the normally off and the normally off
Motion The following the PMC to the CW motion of the as from the of the This interface with optional I/O shown thermal and that the input normally off to
The operating the The and of operating switch The of the shown Switches and of the four switch to the operating Indexing Interface Command Indexing Index, Home, to +30VDC Optically Isolated or Indexing Index, Home, Motion to the four operating These Direction Velocity and Table Interface Command Direction Motion Direction TTL CNC CW CCW Motion TTL CNC Velocity to VDC Velocity to VDC Velocity NOTE: Indexing operations or PLC RS423/422/232C Interface XMIT/REC ASCII ASCII Unit PLC ASCII
Motion Selection the switch the four of operation. Switches/Mode Selection (Factory Shown)
the the PMC to externally commands. This commonly to DC or (CNC) machinery. The or Direction operation that to velocity and With the option clockwise and counter clockwise the CW input the to CW and the CCW input CCW rotation of the the Pulse/Direction option the input used. input the and the other input to the If there flowing the input, the input CCW rotation. once motion initiated with these inputs, motion the achieved motion the initiated the incoming the the CW and CCW the DB and respectively). The or sourcing this input. or sourcing), the immunity when the of the input to flow the
Motion Command Connector should flow when motion the and each least seconds and and VDC (TTL to as The to supply or sourcing). If necessary. The of the based the and the of the PCX PCX the NOTE: CW of the established with the facing the of the
Sinking/Sourcing the interface and the should through shielded The shield of this should to the interface ground If shield the then the shield the used. that this shield connected internally to chassis ground of the The "STOP" I/O function "Active" to motion. the "Stop" I/O function "Active", the to motion. to follow death or serious
Motion (Velocity or the or velocity) the to DC and amplifiers the commands this type of the DIP switches to the the character of the PMC (A). to to to velocity or The PMC input commands and commands while and initiate or command input the (A) the with (E) and the motion of the motion the operating back to (A). You temporally the operating SC=1 command) to the PMC. This would and (E.) the which the PMC would to motion commands commands or inputs. of the motion the operating back to (A). To the operating serially, the SC=0 command. of the of VDC to (CW) or (CCW) velocity the velocity or CW or CCW rating the The of operation selected the switches the front of the PMC. NOTE: CW rotation while facing the of the Velocity/Torque
velocity the VDC connected through the DB The input of the input with the following characteristics: Application of to with to (GND) CW motion or the CW as from the of the Application of to with to (GND) CCW motion or CCW The the to with to The and input. Command or VDC with to ground Command Connector
Motion Interface NOTE: Both the and software active they The "STOP" I/O function "Active" to motion. the "Stop" I/O function "Active", the incoming to motion. to follow procedures death or serious injury. with RS423 interface which RS232C/RS422 The interface DIP switch from to and connected three and ground. accomplished using ASCII characters. This that the PMC the interface with through the A" The should than to with RS232 specifications. rates. than The PMC includes RS423 as B", which to other This other than the PMC when there other the and redirect its to the or 525's. The commands to the based the switch Each PMC and
Flow Switch The DIP switch and their shown below.
Motion Switches (Factory Shown)
Switch Function switches Switches and of the DIP switch to match the of the to the of the If the rates the switches Switches and to distinguish This allows each to individually the switch Switch of the four DIP switch or the back to the conformation or the back to the allowing the to the of operation. NOTE: to Switch to character should back to the when received. This the the information the as of This of and that The framework which the as follows: The high the therefore to the with only the the eighth The allowable of with the PMC This of the following from the EIA RS-232C specification: "The of (each than or recommended; however, that the measured the interface and including the picofarads".
Motion 525's, the and typical about Therefore, the should to interface recommended. the ground reference (earth ground) each the The further the the this to Therefore, to the as as This as of the optically isolated. It that the the field. It to follow the to or terminate these NOTE: the the outer TIX-25 CABLE COMPUTER/TERMINAL TYPICAL IBM 25F PIN RS232 STYLE XMIT REC REC GND TIX-25 CABLE COMPUTER/TERMINAL TYPICAL IBM 9F PIN STYLE XMIT REC REC GND TIX-XXX TIA-XXX PMC To IBM FX DRIVE SERIAL SHLD RX TX MEN GND RXM TXM N/C N/C PIN MALE "D" TYPE DD-XXX NOTE: of Emerson Motion T-60 (NMA- XXX), T-61 (NMB-XXX) or T-21 to the that that SHIELD SHIELD FX DRIVE SERIAL RX GND SHLD PIN MALE "D" TYPE FX DRIVE SERIAL RX GND SHLD PIN MALE "D" TYPE FX DRIVE SERIAL RX TX MEN GND RXM TXM N/C N/C PIN MALE "D" TYPE
Interface The with and which to input and screw terminals associated with to or sourcing operation. The first of terminals and the of terminals The of or sourcing It the responsibility to the to than or to These and allow and the motion and other The and typically connected to the (PLC) or These and connected to switches, and/or switches and of input/output functions provided. The functions assigned to of the input/output This accomplished through interface commands or the PCX software with the as normally off or normally than function assigned to the input and and wired to which servicing easy. I/O with to and insulated that withstand the of the The of the I/O terminals to NOTE: To immunity, Emerson Motion recommends using twisted the I/O electrically shielded, twisted should with the shield connected to the ground input and to the to high immunity. this that high the of the to the inputs. Precautions outlined the "ELECTRICAL NOISE" section should followed. LED associated with each input and The input and flowing the associated I/O Nomenclature
Motion and Functions The from of input and IOM/PCM the of I/O increased. NOTE: of I/O PCX PROGRAMMING MANUAL P/N and and Sourcing NOTE: to should I/O The of the I/O terminals to DC should grounded to the ground. NOTE: The DC Common of the I/O supply grounded to the ground.
of Application The IOM-1 and PCM allow memory I/O and motion The IOM-1 and PCM to the front of the with locking I/O) the NOTE: and of the PCM "PCX VERSION 6.X OPERATORS" P/N IOM/PCM PCM I/O PCM with and which optically isolated to operation. input and screw terminals associated with to or sourcing operation. The first of terminals and the of terminals The of or sourcing It the responsibility to the to then or to IOM-1 or PCM the I/O of the PMC. The of input increased from to and the of increased from to The and allow and the motion and other The and typically connected to the (PLC) or
Motion relay however, these and connected to switches, and/or switches and I/O (IOM-1 PCM NOTE: to I/O The of the I/O terminals to
Polarity and The PCX software with each PMC allows the polarity of the the interface It allows Polarity The polarity allows the to the PMC to The polarity to the (normally or to the (normally off). Normally that through the input the operating and that of that Normally off that the of through the input the operating and that the of the and the If the the inputs, both to the the Polarity The PMC Polarity through PCX to the input follow the below to arrive the select: Operations (COM1 or COM2), PMC
Motion The then located the polarity of the UP/DOWN to the the input to the LEFT/RIGHT to the polarity to and Once the polarity shown, to the polarity. The allows to the and of the to performance. the Velocity velocity) and the Velocity Command to velocity). With these the PMC the to the motion The currently You the through the Velocity selection. the Following when the match the and the achieved. of slightly the Velocity or Velocity Command the or the or the offset the to allow and of should as as to satisfactory operation while creating the of the to allow operation. Lastly, the Position This the amount of from the UP/DOWN switch located the front of the PMC. this to the UP/DOWN switch Position this to the UP/DOWN switch
the following the the the Polarity" section, to the PMC the to the and return, the the as shown below. Velocity) the the Velocity selection. the velocity of the the velocity command The the Velocity Command as shown below. (Command the to the Velocity return. If about these the owners of the The the Polarity and
Motion This and and the the Velocity selection. Velocity) this the user the velocity while to the following of It this that the offset of the the the following while the offset of the this offset to the following as to as of the offset to the NOTE: The free to indefinitely this or The to and motion. If to allow rotation, to reaching
Velocity" of RPM) and that the of the to and the to motion. the "Following If the following or counts, of things should Either of the command of the or the Velocity Command to slightly to reduce the following If using the the the If the Following becomes the the the to the lowest Following Increase the Velocity" RPM the velocity reached, the as each If the the Velocity Command to this or If the"Following increases, the the the"Following If the "Following the the Velocity" RPM the velocity reached, the Velocity Command as each of the "Following the to the to the the selection. It this that the should connected to the that the from the and the Reapply to the This section that the section of the This the motion the The of to the of the PMC. Polarity and
Motion to the section of this instructions. the to followed return. the to the the motion of the and the the and of the motion. If the motion abruptly with or shoot and the If the motion increase the slightly and the motion. If the to too high and reduced. If the too high, the to the or the To the followed return. This while the motion. where to the to match the to the the the to motion. to the section The allows to the amount of that the UP/DOWN" switch the The of the switch to allow to the without the of or The This that the "UP/DOWN" switch the through the the to the to of the the to allow the "UP/DOWN" to To the the return.
and
Motion
Specifications Characteristics to to F) Relative to AC and VAC or VAC, (switch phase Factory VAC). VAC, VAC Indexing (I/O or follower Velocity VDC typical selection) VDC typical selection) Unit Units/Rev RS423 ASCII (RS232 RS422 Emerson Motion PCX software IBM or PC). Motion thirty-two Functions or and Addition when PCM DC input, to VDC supply. or sourcing Functions I/O functions assigned to I/O Additional I/O when PCM Command Connector TTL Interface Rates Commands RS423 or B) RS232/RS422 to DIP Switches) DIP Switches) or three character ASCII commands include and commands. Interface only, PCM or (TTL) A, A/, B, B/ and M, M/ (complimentary) input from and mounting and mounting
Motion Mounting Information Mounting Information