Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Graphical www.rosemount-tg.com
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount www.rosemount-tg.com Rosemount Graphical this with the and and performance, thoroughly the or this service or Emerson representative. of of and allowed. Rosemount AB responsibility caused or which Rosemount AB. NOTICE
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Section Introduction SAFETY Procedures and instructions this to MESSAGES the of the the operations. Information that indicated to the the of each section this www.rosemount-tg.com Technical Product Recycling/ to follow these death or serious the installation. the as this to the protection the death or serious that the operating of the with the locations connecting atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or field the cover atmospheres when the of Safety. To of or atmospheres, servicing. shock death or serious injury. when with the leads and of of and allowed.
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount SYMBOLS Section Introduction The CE the conformity of the with the Community Directives. The Examination of Notified that this the Health and of the ATEX The FM APPROVED that the FM to and locations. Protective Earth. Ground. cabling 75C.
Reference 300560EN, AA MANUAL Section 1:Introduction OVERVIEW Section Introduction Product Section Introduction Procedure Section Mounting Mechanical LED and Switches Section tree Select Service Section Service and troubleshooting Service Troubleshooting A: Reference Specifications Information B: Product EU Conformity FM US FM ATEX Directive Information Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount TECHNICAL The includes the following DOCUMENTATION Section Introduction Technical (704010EN) Rosemount 5900S Reference (300520EN) Rosemount Reference (300530EN) Rosemount 2240S Reference (300550EN) Rosemount Reference (300560EN) (300510EN) Rosemount Product Rosemount Product Rosemount Reference Rosemount Reference Rosemount Reference (303028EN) Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA PRODUCT RECYCLING/ DISPOSAL the housing of the PACKING Rosemount AB to ISO MATERIAL recycling the corrugated or boxes, products to of the and shown that the reused. Recycling converted. recovery Products which their and and the as Section Introduction Recycling of and should and of with and legislation/regulations. The below Rosemount products as to customers considered. Recycling or should following instructions of when the to its (approximately this higher than ordinary approximately burning the the increase of to the than when burning and NOTE! recycling option and should Rosemount C
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Section Introduction
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Section INTRODUCTION The Rosemount Graphical inventory such as and The with the Rosemount the intrinsically www.rosemount-tg.com Introduction to the of the allows to from It to of each individually. The four the front of the allow to through the and directly the field. from of Communication Unit (FCU), and distributed the to PC, or whenever the FCU FCU included the the directly with the Communication Unit Secondary outputs The intrinsically with the FISCO OUNDATION reference IEC/TS 5900S 2240S
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount COMPONENTS Rosemount Section Weather protection Soft Activity Cover screw M20 and M25 (optional: NPT and NPT Ground screw weather protection It recommended that the closed whenever to the LCD from from the
Reference 300560EN, AA SYSTEM state-of-the art inventory and It of OVERVIEW and and the highest performance and Section The field the the intrinsically The based fieldbus, the FISCO OUNDATION fieldbus, and allows of that intrinsically the The of other the The includes of to build or The includes such as and inventory easily expanded thanks to the that with and the of from to It to mechanical or with without the or field It further to and without the There distributed the which continuously and and information. information received with updated information. The to redundancy, from to the field achieved each and stations. IEC and IEC/TS Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount architecture NON-HAZARDOUS AREA HAZARDOUS AREA PC CUSTODY TRANSFER INVENTORY TANK GAUGING OPERATIONAL CONTROL Section Communication Unit TRL2 PC 2240S 5900S 5900S 2240S 3051S
Reference 300560EN, AA Section HMI Software Windows-based Interface (HMI) inventory It service, inventory, and functions and other to the Microsoft XP and easy to from Network. The the measured It includes batch historical as as inventory such as and other connected further of The graphical interface installation, and service of the the Rosemount Communication Unit The Unit (FCU) that continuously and from such as and memory. Whenever received, the FCU immediately from of from the updated memory. Rosemount The Rosemount acts as to the the the intrinsically The collects and information from field It with There of the or operation. The to and The with relays which of to relay allowing to specify each relay. Rosemount 5900S The Rosemount 5900S the to the of applications. The 5900S the of including products, chemicals, LPG and LNG. The Rosemount 5900S microwaves the of the the The based the from the of the 5900S with the the and the the only of the that to the atmosphere. The of the 5900S the housing allowing using Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Section Rosemount Wave The Rosemount to of Rosemount includes the and the and interface Rosemount The Rosemount to of Rosemount 2240S The Rosemount 2240S to and integrated Rosemount Graphical The Rosemount Graphical inventory such as and The four allow to through the to directly the field. The Rosemount to to three displays the Rosemount The Rosemount with Rosemount 3051S The 3051S consists of and of applications, including and with without floating 3051S the of the as to 5900S the of the and presented. One or with scalings the to and Rosemount The Rosemount field (FBM) connecting PC to the TRL2 The to the PC the RS232 or the USB interface. the Technical information the and
Reference 300560EN, AA The of that includes such as the Communication Unit, 5900S and the 2240S the following Section the the locations. Assign the Rosemount such as the 5900S and (ATD) such as the 2240S The the built-in of the Rosemount and the Rosemount Communication Unit that the of connected to the the field to the Devices the of the Rosemount to to the the Rosemount to the Rosemount Unit. the Rosemount Communication Unit to the PC with software. The connected Rosemount or directly RS or RS the software the PC. the the as the Rosemount 300510EN). the reference other the further information and the Rosemount 300510EN) information the Rosemount Reference 300530EN information Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount INSTALLATION Follow these of the Rosemount Graphical PROCEDURE Section Considerations Mount the location (Mounting the Graphical the the the (Section and Operation)
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Section SAFETY Procedures and instructions this section to MESSAGES the of the the operations. Information that indicated Please to the following this www.rosemount-tg.com Mechanical LED and Switches to follow and servicing death or serious the installation. the as specified this to the protection the service other than those this of Safety. To of or atmospheres, servicing. death or serious that the operating of the with the locations atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or field the cover atmospheres when the High that leads shock: with leads and the to the off and the to other disconnected or while the
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount MECHANICAL INSTALLATION The Rosemount Graphical the or the foot of the and read-out of Considerations the Section The mounting or The to the plate with four M4 screws. It to the weather protection which of the LCD to sunlight the following when location the Rosemount Graphical Mount the location where protected from light. This reduce to (UV) and the of the LCD. the protected from light and UV radiation, recommended that the weather protection closed whenever the used. optional weather protection as to the mounting the that the Weather protection (optional)
Reference 300560EN, AA Mounting the The Rosemount Graphical mounting or Graphical Mounting Section Mounting Plate The mounted attaching four M4 screws to the back of the To mount the four the to the the back of the as illustrated Mount the the plate four M4 screws. that the M4 screws that shipped with the as as the thickness Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Section Wall Mounting with Bracket The Rosemount Graphical mounted the optional mounting Rosemount Screw Bracket Mounting plate Mount the the four M8 screws and washers. screws the mounting plate to the back of the housing. the to the the and the locking screw.
Reference 300560EN, AA Bracket Section Mounting The mounted from to using optional mounting Rosemount Mounting Screw and washers Bracket Rosemount the to the that the that the clearly and properly connected. Tighten the to that the the mounting plate to the back of the housing. the to the from the top the to the the locking screw.
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount ELECTRICAL INSTALLATION The housing three M201.5 and M251.5 (Optional: NPT and NPT). and The with or Grounding The housing should grounded with and to the protection the The effective grounding to earth ground with Grounding screws Section that properly sealed to or other from the housing. NOTE! to the The mounted as There screw located the of the housing, and internal grounding screw located the housing, The internal ground screw ground ground NOTE! grounding the threaded the ground
Reference 300560EN, AA Selection shielded twisted the Rosemount to comply with FISCO and EMC The the areas, where the U.S. explosion-proof the of the Table FISCO the Rosemount and and specifications B: Product The Rosemount the intrinsically the Rosemount The the intrinsically acting as FISCO supply the Section Grounding OUNDATION of the grounded. Grounding of the wires the To the fieldbus from shield usually grounding shield to creating ground The ground typically the supply (Rosemount The of shield to shield throughout the The shield the connected to ground. It to AWG) to within the AWG to AWG to the to the cabling 85C to match The FISCO that the comply with the following to inductance to to of each IIC and IIB of each IIC and IIB the Rosemount Reference 305030EN) information. IEC and IEC/TS Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount The The easy to and wire. Devices reducing the of Section with Rosemount the intrinsically The with the FISCO OUNDATION The Rosemount acts as supply to the field the Termination each of OUNDATION Generally, the supply, and the other the the NOTE! that there the fieldbus. the Rosemount acts as supply. the normally the first the the built-in termination factory. Other such as the Rosemount 5900S the Rosemount Graphical and the Rosemount 2240S built-in which easily the when necessary. FISCO fieldbus to considered. to comply with FISCO as Selection the You to that the operating of the connected field within the of the Rosemount The to Consequently, the of to that the than Another to that least input their Therefore to account the the normally the Rosemount and the existing as as the FISCO Selection the The the Rosemount Reference 305030EN) information of Intrinsically
Reference 300560EN, AA Typical The below with both of the as OUNDATION installations this the Rosemount and field the of the of with intrinsically supply, integrated and built-in Section The the and the field the the of to the and the of chapter the Rosemount Reference 305030EN) information about selection, and the Typical Installations the Rosemount Reference 305030EN) of installations. to of and Rosemount 2240S 5900S the
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount the following the Rosemount Section Unscrew and screws the front of the the of the locking the weather protection hatch, NOTE! the the front and the board. that the protected of the through the gland. the to the X2 and X3 terminals as that the connected to the FB+ and the to the FB- the shield to the Through (X1) If the the the the built-in termination. The information termination. the cover. that the and the locking the weather protection hatch the the screws the front cover. NOTE! that and to mounting the cover to the specified of protection. The apply and (or properly attached to the
Reference 300560EN, AA cover Section grounding X2: FB+ input X3: FB- input FB+ FB- Rosemount X2: X3: to other field built-in termination X4:
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount the outgoing wires to the and terminals as shown illustrated the Rosemount to Rosemount other the connected supply Section You the option to the Rosemount to other field the Unscrew and screws the front of the Rosemount the cover of the locking the weather protection hatch. NOTE! the the front and the board. Disconnect the termination from the X3 the the through gland. X1: the shield to the X1 the cover. the and the locking the weather protection hatch the the screws the front cover. Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount 5900S Rosemount 2240S X2: X3: the
Reference 300560EN, AA LED SIGNALS AND The Rosemount three LED that and RESET BUTTON LED Section LED the LED the LED flashes every other second. the LED flashes that to This continuously repeated information Communication indicated of the the with the You the to force of the Rosemount Restarting the the as switching off and the supply. The option the Rosemount to the Rosemount and of software and Rosemount LED
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount SWITCHES DIP Switches The Rosemount with four DIP switches as illustrated DIP Switches Rosemount DIP Switches AMBIENT The Rosemount with The the field TEMPERATURE and the software. Section Installation The switches the following of FF Protect write protection of Not Not NOTE! the switch The Switch The switch to from the The switch from ON to OFF applied. This the from Protect Switch The Protect switch to the Rosemount from of the
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Section and SAFETY Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that MESSAGES indicated warning Please to the following preceded this www.rosemount-tg.com Introduction Tree The The Select The The Service to follow and servicing death or serious injury: the the as specified this to the protection the service other than those this qualified. death or serious that the operating of the with the locations atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or field the cover atmospheres when the
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount INTRODUCTION This chapter information about and of the Rosemount Graphical The Graphical the right-hand of the that the operating and the The Rosemount Section and information to to the the The Rosemount graphical tough It features LCD backlight, and indication. The four allow to through the and to functions and service. the with options of the the the pressed. arrow through the of and the of the Information Weather protection functions The Rosemount the the The to of The manually when further To increase the the buttons the right-hand To the the the It seconds to from to The the service command: Contrast>. It that the closed whenever to the LCD from from the Activity
Reference 300560EN, AA Activity and The Rosemount shows warning or as and Indication or or indicated as shown the displayed and appears the field as Activity The activity continuously to that the operating normally. of instead. Section and Activity Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount MENU TREE The Rosemount as illustrated Rosemount Tree Section and
Reference 300560EN, AA THE MAIN MENU the Rosemount and shows the the selected of graphical appears the Rosemount Graphical The Section and Operation Press the to to the To from to the the the The includes the following Select which the section The Select which and to as as and section The Service which includes the Custody LCD and Factory It includes the About option which shows the software section The Service Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount THE SELECT VIEW the Select the of to To the Select MENU The The Select of with Section and the to to the Highlight the Select item the and Press the the Select the and arrow to to the option. Press the <OK> to the option. The Rosemount to the option as illustrated
Reference 300560EN, AA THE OPTIONS the the following items MENU The The Section and Units To choose item the the to the Highlight the item the and Press the the the and arrow to to the Press the to to the selected Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount the Select choose which to The following options The Select The Select Custom option Section and of to individually each of Table Select The Select allows to to displayed Option to of to connected to the to this individually specifying of each that the to the that of Table To the and arrow to to the Press the <OK> to to the Selected the Select choose the to finished, <OK> to to
Reference 300560EN, AA Section and Product the the from the Reference to the Rate the the when emptying or the The of the Water The of the of the when connected to the Measured Measured Measured the the of the of the the of the the To of each selected of the the Reference Reference as specified with the Flow Measured flow Tot the Custom Measured from P2. Reference Select to the the information the Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Select the Select specify which to The following items The Select The Select Custom option Section and Operation which displays which choose the to The which to to displayed. that the to the of the Rosemount To <Select the and arrow to to the Press the <OK> to to the of the and arrow to to the Press the <On/Off> to the finished, the <OK> to to the Rosemount Reference
Reference 300560EN, AA Units the Units which that the The Table The Units Section and To <Units the and arrow to to the the the chosen. Press the to to the of options the selected the and arrow to to the Press the <OK> to the and to the Units of Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount the Rosemount Section and Units The following and The following Meter/second Meter/hour Feet/second Flow The following Flow Barrel/hour US gallon/hour UK gallon/hour The following US UK The following The following Atmosphere PSI PSI PSI The following API
Reference 300560EN, AA The the that each or of the To the Section and To the From the and arrow to increase or the Press the to the and to the and arrow and to the option: Press the <OK> to the and to Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount THE SERVICE the Service the following items MENU Service option the The Service Section and Custody LCD LCD Factory About To choose Service the to the the and to to the Service option. Press the the and arrow to to the Press the to to the selected
Reference 300560EN, AA The shows the of the and of software or malfunctions. Troubleshooting information. Rosemount Custody The Custody and each Custody Section and To the information: the <Service> Press to to the Service Information information To the Custody <Service> <Custody Press the to to Press the to the Press the arrow to the Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount LCD the LCD testing the whole LCD LCD To the LCD The LCD option Section and To the LCD the completed, the to the and arrow to increase or the LCD Press the to the and to
Reference 300560EN, AA To the The option Factory To the to factory The option Factory Section and Choose the option and the The option the Rosemount Graphical to the Rosemount and of software and Choose the Factory option and the Press the <OK> to the to factory or the to the Rosemount to factory Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount About To the About information: Software revisions Rosemount Section and Choose the About option and the The About option the software and the Press the to to the Service
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Section Service and Troubleshooting SAFETY Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that MESSAGES indicated warning Please to the following operation preceded this www.rosemount-tg.com Service Troubleshooting to follow and servicing death or serious the the as specified this to the protection the service other than those this death or serious that the operating of the with the locations connecting FF-based atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or field the cover atmospheres when the
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount SERVICE The the of the Rosemount To the information Information Rosemount Information Section Service and Troubleshooting the <Service> the and to the Press to to the Service that appear the Table Network Protect Operation
Reference 300560EN, AA and Section Service and Troubleshooting Measured continuously the Rosemount They that the Rosemount properly and advanced troubleshooting. The which to the the holding edited the input field. To and the the following: the the the right the ATD The ATD the such as the Choose the (or option, or from the Service choose Devices Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Section Service and Troubleshooting The option selection of Choose the and the of to read. Click the to the with the
Reference 300560EN, AA Restarting the To the Rosemount choose of the following options: Section Service and Troubleshooting choose the option the Service the the cover, the (Right click>Restart) The option the Rosemount Graphical to the Rosemount and of software and NOTE! that and to mounting the cover to the specified of protection. properly attached to the Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Light (LED) the cover of The following the LED: LED Section Service and Troubleshooting operation the LED flashes once other second. of LED flashes four The continuously repeated. LED information about the as the following NOTE! the first indicated. NOTE! that and to mounting the cover to the specified of protection. properly attached to the LED RAM FPROM HREG SW Other memory (seconds)
Reference 300560EN, AA TROUBLESHOOTING and troubleshooting the operating Table Troubleshooting chart the Symptom Action with the that wires properly to the Rosemount terminals or terminals insulation to ground that there shield grounding that the shield grounded the supply that the shield throughout the that the shield the housing with the housing that there shielded with the Section Service and Troubleshooting Incorrect termination that there the Normally the built-in termination the that terminations both of the Too the that the of the the than the Rosemount Reference information. or from the The The of the to too that the input the terminals or the the Communication (FCU) the the the PC Emerson service Software the the and the supply to the Emerson service (FBM) that the FBM connected to the right the PC that the FBM connected to the right the Communication Unit (FCU) to FCU that the right field the FCU connected to the the the Communication Unit (FCU) Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Symptom Action of the and that the the (right-click the choose the option, and The LED Software information. Information and and protection switch to the ON write protection switch the the connected to the or software Warning appears front active Stop of and the Stop Activity shows that the the the 300510EN) information to the Nothing appears the LCD supply FISCO Section Service and Troubleshooting Incorrect of the Communication Unit (FCU) the ATD that the the FCU the the ATD to the of the of the FCU that the selected the 300510EN) information to the FCU Incorrect of the that the and to the right that the ATD to the the FCU the 300510EN) information to the to to the the the LED or the information LED If LED light: FISCO If LED lights: of the LCD
Reference 300560EN, AA Table shows of the Rosemount information about the found as shown Table RAM The following serious RAM RAM FPROM The following serious FPROM or software loaded. Checksum Application Application The following serious NOTE: the of Checksum One or of SW detected. HREG HREG to the EEPROM. SW SW of Unused RAM access. counter SW Other Memory NVRAM_Access Not Not of Communication with Not Section Service and Troubleshooting Action Rosemount Emerson service Emerson service
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Choose Unit Not Supported Emerson of numOtherErrors service of other The to the of the that from the temporarily the of the The to the internal of the Therefore, to to the as Table to the the and third to and respectively. the serious than information about the warning found RAM warning The software started. FPROM warning Not Other memory Not warning Not warning Not Other Not Not ITEMP warning The internal of Software then of Software The to the internal of the The to the internal of the to the as Table to the the and third to and respectively. Section Service and Troubleshooting Action Action Emerson service Emerson service Emerson service
Reference 300560EN, AA information each the the Information Information Section Service and Troubleshooting InvalidSourceConfig The to of the following reasons: Incorrect of service FF Incorrect of or the Saturated or Saturated High or saturated. The The The and the write protected. The Action Rosemount
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Section Service and Troubleshooting
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Reference A.1 SPECIFICATIONS Product Rosemount Graphical The each or of shown the selection English, French, Spanish, and to strength, (TOV), free density, and Units to free and or meter/second, feet/second, or Flow /hour, or US gallon/hour (TOV): liters, or US F, C, or K. or or API strength: location and IS with EU (EMC, ATEX) Ordinary location with FM and CSA: C22.2 supply Rosemount VDC, polarity IS Product B-1 type Back-lit LCD New to once seconds from released to (connection/glands) Three M201.5 and M251.5. Optional: NPT NPT) Eurofast or AWG shielded twisted cabling termination (to connected required) Mechanical Housing Polyurethane-covered height www.rosemount-tg.com A.1 Specifications A-1 A.2 A-3 A.3 Information A-4 ATEX, FM-C, FM-US, and
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount to C to F) to C to F) humidity, protection IP and switch that properly sealed to or other from the housing. the this A. Reference A-2
Reference 300560EN, AA A.2 DIMENSIONAL DRAWINGS A-1. A. Reference Rosemount A-3
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount A.3 ORDERING INFORMATION Product Graphical English Other software and Communication OUNDATION fieldbus (IEC Software Location I1 ATEX Intrinsic I5 FM-US Intrinsic I6 Intrinsic I7 Intrinsic ATEX Intrinsic Safety+FM-US KA ATEX Intrinsic Safety+IECEx Intrinsic KC FM-US Intrinsic KD NA Location Custody OIML R85 performance Housing Polyurethane-covered IP NPT and NPT thread. Includes and M20 and M25 thread. Includes (M20 and M25 -20C (-4F). ATEX Includes Eurofast M20 and M25 included M20 and M25 included Mechanical Wall included or selections ST SST information I1 ST Not with LPG/LNG A. Reference A-4
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Product B.1 SAFETY Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that MESSAGES indicated Please to the following operation this www.rosemount-tg.com B.1 B-1 B.2 EU Conformity B-2 B.3 Locations B-3 B.4 B-8 death or serious injury: that the operating of the with the locations HART-based atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or field the cover atmospheres when the to follow and servicing death or serious injury: the and with of the as specified this to the protection the service other than those this qualified. of of and allowed. To of or atmospheres, servicing.
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount B.2 EU CONFORMITY The EC of conformity this found the Rosemount www.rosemount-tg.com. obtained B. Product B-2 High that leads shock: with leads and the to the off and the to other disconnected or while the covered with and/or with ignition-capable of charge Therefore, when the atmosphere, to
Reference 300560EN, AA B.3 HAZARDOUS LOCATIONS CERTIFICATIONS B.3.1 Factory of Compliance: US B-1. Factory Intrinsic US B. Product The Rosemount Graphical that the following to comply with the of the noted. I5 FISCO Intrinsically Class I, II, III A, B, C, D, E, and Class T4, C to C Class IIC T4 C C) Entity Intrinsically Class I, II, III A, B, C, D, E, and Class T4, C to C Class IIC T4 C C) Conditions of The incorporated the of this ignition-capable of charge. Therefore when that specifically and II, located the location where the to the build-up of charge such Additionally, the only cleaned with cloth. The and to of or friction. and to or friction. The associated through which the isolation the input and of the associated Rosemount B-3
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount B.3.2 Factory of Compliance: 3037177C. B-2. Factory Intrinsic B. Product B-4 I6 FISCO Intrinsically Class I, II, III A, B, C, D, E, and Class T4, C to C Entity Intrinsically Class I, II, III A, B, C, D, E, and Class T4, C to C Conditions of The associated through which the isolation the input and of the associated
Reference 300560EN, AA B.3.3 ATEX The Rosemount Graphical that the following attached to comply with Directive 94/9/EC of the Directive Information and the Council as published the Journal of the B-3. ATEX B. Product I1 The following information as of the of the and of the (Rosemount) CE Conformity of the Year of ATEX Examination FM10ATEX0046X FISCO IIC T4 C C) Entity IIC T4 C C) Rosemount B-5
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount B. Product B-6 Conditions of (X) The incorporated the of this ignition-capable of charge. Therefore when that specifically II, located the location where the to the build-up of such Additionally, the only cleaned with cloth. The and to of or friction. and to or friction. The associated through which the isolation the input and of the associated
Reference 300560EN, AA B.3.4 B-4. Intrinsic B. Product I7 The following information as of the of the and of the (Rosemount) of the of Conformity FMG 10.0021X FISCO IIC T4 C C) Entity IIC T4 C C) Conditions of (X) The incorporated the of this ignition-capable of charge. Therefore when that specifically II, located the location where the to the build-up of charge such Additionally, the cleaned with cloth. The and to of or friction. and to or friction. The associated through which the isolation the input and of the associated Rosemount B-7
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount B.4 APPROVAL Follow the Factory to ratings DRAWINGS B. Product B-8 The following included the the Rosemount Graphical location of intrinsically FM the CD ROM that shipped with the Graphical of the the Rosemount www.rosemount-tg.com.
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Unit Wave 5900S About Activity the B-8 ATEX B-5 C Selection selection CE LED Custody DIP switches Cabling Factory B-4 US B-3 Factory FCU Communication Unit www.rosemount-tg.com FISCO FM Foundation Ground screw Grounding Screw Locations B-3 B-7 Mechanical Procedure LCD LCD LED Communication LED FPROM HREG Other memory RAM SW LED Select Service Mechanical The The Select Tree Mounting On NPT Mounting Product .B-1 option to factory Select Select Service Through switch LED
Rosemount Switches Protect Index-2 Units Custom Reference 300560EN, AA Warning Protect switch X1 X2 and X3
Reference 300560EN, AA Rosemount Rosemount and the Rosemount of Rosemount Inc. HART of the HART Communication Foundation. of of the Emerson of AMS of Emerson OUNDATION of the Foundation. VITON, and of Performance of International. of International other the property of their respective owners. Emerson Rosemount SE-402 SWEDEN (International): (International): www.rosemount-tg.com Rosemount AB. rights