Wall-Mounted RH and Product Information Wall-Mounted RH and Product Information Sheet CPC specs wall-mounted (RH) (P/N and/or RH and (P/N building and anti-sweat CPC input boards. Specifications 12VDC High-impact plastic, white Relative Humidity (RH) RH RH the RH RH 0-5VDC; 3-wire, polarity Scaling RH Resistive, polarity Choosing Mounting Location Mount the location within the to measured, from heaters, and that readings. The should least four from the and higher than to profiled thin-film RH 0.4F from 32F to 140F Mounting screwdriver the the the of the and the front of the from the mounting the front from the mounting plate the top from the mounting the the that the the the to mount the plate using the screws provided, or mount or mount the or The plate should mounted with the the If necessary, or the to allow the to through the the Plate
Wall-Mounted RH and Product Information RH shielded three-conductor or NOTE: Seat the the back becomes the RED, BLACK, and WHITE wires to the screw terminals the as shown the SHIELD wire. the SHIELD and BLACK wires to the 0V of the input INPUT the WHITE to the SIG of the input board. the RED to the +12V the input board. the input switch the and to the OFF (LEFT DOWN 16AI). to the input boards locations of the input switches. and RH the as the RH shown the follow the below: shielded two-conductor or NOTE: Seat the the back becomes the BLACK and CLEAR wires to the screw terminals the as shown the SHIELD wire. that the third the the SHIELD and BLACK wires to the 0V of the input board INPUT the CLEAR to the SIG of the input board. the input switch the and to the ON (RIGHT UP 16AI). to the input boards locations of the input switches.
Wall-Mounted RH and Product Information the Once the back plate of the mounted and the and board the to the mounting the top of the front the mounting the mounting the and the that the three the back of the the the front with the mounting the front cover the the top of the cover the the front of the that Press the of the cover the NOTE: to the of RTV Doing the of the and Emerson TM Emerson. It TM and Emerson TM and service of Emerson TM of Emerson other the property of their respective owners. Emerson Inc. rights