PSR Information PSR heating to from or to the formation of PSR heating and (such as PVC or (such as PSR heating and and downspouts. PSR heating self-regulating heating to its heat as the surrounding the surrounding increases, the of the PSR PSR heating light the (120V only) to when to the PSR shingle, and with or gutters/downspouts. Precautions Heating with and Selection Chart 50F (10C) PSR1006 PSR1012 PSR1018 PSR1024 PSR1050 PSR1075 PSR1100 120V 240V heater 20F (-7C)/0F (-20C)/-20F(-30C) Protection 120V 240V www.easyheat.com EasyHeat and Heating Instructions with inspector These instructions retained and to the and to users. Heating that heating the It recommended that the supplying the heating ground protection; this inspector to the ground to If that ground protection, the of the heating factory sealed and of fire or shock. warning with to switch, and other locations, as of insulation) which the to than the below 32F (0C) the shingle the heating -30C (-22F). Selection Chart 50F (10C) PSR2006 PSR2012 PSR2018 PSR2024 PSR2050 PSR2075 PSR2100 to 150F (66C) shorten the of the heater thermostat below 150F (66C). heating or insulation the the of the thin insulation. If than heating please to the heater chart. to the heating the specified this Selection of heating Select the from of the charts to shorter than the lowest -20F (-29C), with of insulation or protection to -40F (-40C), insulation. Allow foot of heating each
Selection Chart C C C C C C C C C C C C C C C CHART of PSR PSR C PSR PSR PSR PSR PSR PSR with 120V; 240V heating to EasyHeat HCA (optional Application or to the heating to the If the heating the as the straight the of the If required, them the and If the selected exactly the length, apply of straight the the to the and back, applying straight the the back to the If the selected somewhat than the length, the the of Protecting the with thermal insulation that there such as or the heating Immediately cover the and with to thick insulation or the exposed. such as wrap. the insulation (with or other where with the insulation. www.easyheat.com -20F (-28.89C), with Thick Insulation PLASTIC Heating options and the heating ground protected the to directly connected outlet ground protected Since to from the from to such as the to switch. If the heating the the the branch to from the (switch necessary). thermostat to EasyHeat C3RC or to reduce and the of the EasyHeat or other Testing the Once the apply to the heating about hour, and then the protected and the of the It should immediately as the heated the flows through the Operation. the the of weather the and the each the heating ground protection operation. insulation and that or the found.
Selection of heating The heating including of the that protection. and to the of Usually both and areas. installations, and gutter/downspout or from and downspouts ZH-C separately) attaching the heating to the and than DSH Downspout separately) to the heating where One each the to the of and back to from This that the the to to ROOF Heater ROOF shown and Heater to to to to ground DownSpout www.easyheat.com (ZH-C) allowed to the of DSH DownSpout Table of of Edge From based of cable/foot of than Downspout of cable/foot of downspoutcable and back of and back of cable/foot of Table factors Factor Factor Height Factor Notes: Typical with sawtooth Typical with spaced other these factors to accordingly. other EasyHeat. ROOF shown and Weatherproof Weatherproof Heater H height E from to of
Heating options and the heating ground protected when icing the roof. The (optional) EasyHeat RS-2 Sentry to when icing the and life. the to directly connected Since to from the from to such as the to switch. If the heating the only the the branch to from the (switch necessary). Several from EasyHeat. light the of 240V to when the Testing the Once the apply to the heating the of the about If the when icing the roof, and when icing only, the light indicating that to the from the annually such as or possibly caused or other activity the ground protection operation. from and downspouts to the to the of these discovered. www.easyheat.com AND EasyHeat warrants that there or workmanship this the first months the of its purchase, the with including or other obligation to the as the of the conforms to the specifications forth instructions and the mechanical or Product as and breach of this warranty. This warranty service relating to or or as of breach of this warranty or otherwise, whether or caused allow the or of or the or apply to The warranty and other with to or of the affirmation of fact or or action, warranty. If or shown to the or to the type and of the and to that the would of that type or or of authority to to affirmation, or warranty concerning the such affirmation, or warranty specifically incorporated written OF OR FOR PARTICULAR THAT IN CONNeCTION WITH THe OF THIS PRODUCT SHALL IN DURATION TO MONTHS FROM THe OF DISCLAIM ALL LAW FROM DOING SO, IN WHICH CASe ALL SUCH SHALL AT THe TIMe LAW. allow warranty the apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to or to To this warranty or with of purchase, to EasyHeat the noted incurred and of and to factory or of purchase. CANADA Union N3B 3L7 USA South East Granby, CT