Reference AD Rosemount Wireless Acoustic www.rosemount.com
Reference AD Rosemount Rosemount Acoustic Rosemount Revision HART Revision Revision Read this with the and and performance, to thoroughly the or this The United States toll-free and international Customer to CST) National hours service International The products this NOT non-nuclear products that or products readings. information Rosemount products, Emerson Representative. DD NOTICE
Reference Rosemount AD death or serious of this with the and international and Please the Product section associated with installation. connecting atmosphere, the with intrinsically field This with of the FCC to the following This interference. This interference received, including interference that operation. This to of from The The than and properly the wireless to and from the of to charging than to and from the of to charging The Rosemount and other wireless should only the Wireless Gateway and functioning properly. Wireless should of from the with the This and installation. wireless products: The shipped to without the Please the to Each D lithium battery. lithium the U. S. of Transportation, and covered IATA (International Association), ICAO (International Organization), and ARD Transportation of It the responsibility of the shipper to with these or other Please and The with the wireless D lithium/thionyl battery. of lithium. the self-contained and reactive as as the and the should to thermal, or mechanical should protected to Battery when should clean and life, should C F). The The than and properly the wireless to and from the of to build-up. NOTICE NOTICE NOTICE
Reference AD Table of SECTION Considerations Wireless Considerations Mechanical Service Product SECTION Network AMS. HART Tree SECTION Mounting Mounting Considerations. SECTION Commissioning Wireless Gateway. SECTION and SECTION Troubleshooting Rosemount TOC-1
Reference AD APPENDIX Specifications and Reference APPENDIX Product APPENDIX C Recommended Specifications A-1 Functional Specifications. A-1 Physical Specifications A-1 Performance Specifications. A-2 Wireless Specifications A-2 A-3 Information. A-4 Locations. B-1 Telecommunication B-1 FCC and IC B-1 Union Directive Information. B-1 Ordinary Location FM. B-1 Locations B-2 Effective C-1 Rosemount TOC-2
Reference AD Section SAFETY MESSAGES Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated warning Please to the following preceded this Considerations Service Product Recycling/Disposal death or serious injury: to follow these death or serious injury: should the installation. of this with the and international and Please the Product section associated with installation. connecting atmosphere, the with intrinsically Rosemount
Reference Rosemount AD OVERVIEW of the Rosemount Rosemount Acoustic CONSIDERATIONS The acoustic the of acoustic with The Rosemount the acoustic and and efficiency and with acoustic of and to of and through WirelessHART backed Emersons Wireless field instrumentation and technical cover Location of Unscrew to Location of the acoustic and cover The cover sealed and mounting Used to the acoustic to the The acoustic directly to the
Reference AD Wireless Considerations The Wireless Gateway should and functioning properly wireless the 701PGN the to the This and installation. Active the Gateway that to the information the Gateway Reference The internal to the acoustic To the with the and the to the ground as shown achieved other The should from or to allow clear to other to information mounting locations of Recommended mounting the recommended should to the wireless performance. C information Rosemount
Reference Rosemount AD Mechanical Location that the operating atmosphere of the with the locations The to the the to interface with the This the please 701PGNKF. with this HART-based the DD. located the The and orientation. to instructions the to the choosing location and account to the easy cover The cover sealed and to the cover. The Rosemount Wireless Acoustic self-powered. The D lithium/thionyl battery. Each of lithium. the self-contained and reactive as as the and the maintained. should to thermal, or mechanical should protected to when the from of Effects The within specifications and C and F).
Reference AD SERVICE SUPPORT To the of North Emerson Heat from the to the housing. If the high, the to to account heat to the housing. Table Table (C) (F) (C) (F) Within the United States, the Emerson toll-free The which hours with information or The and numbers, and Authorization (RMA) The the to which the exposed. who products to they of, and the If the to as OSHA, of the (MSDS) each included with the SHIPPING CONSIDERATIONS FOR WIRELESS PRODUCTS (LITHIUM BATTERIES): The shipped to without the Please the to the lithium or the U.S. of Transportation. They covered IATA (International Association), ICAO (International Organization), and ARD Transportation of It the responsibility of the shipper to with these or other and Rosemount
Reference Rosemount AD PRODUCT Recycling of and should The and should of with RECYCLING/DISPOSAL and legislation.
Reference AD Section SAFETY MESSAGES Instructions and procedures this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated Please to the following this DEVICE the cover and to the HART terminals CONFIGURATION Network HART Tree death or serious injury: of this with the and international and Please the Product section associated with atmosphere, the with intrinsically This with of the FCC to the following This interference. This interference received, including interference that operation. This to of from The The than and properly the wireless to and from the of to charging than to and from the of to charging The Rosemount HART from or AMS Wireless to the the (F2). AMS Wireless implemented when the Apply clicked. Rosemount
Reference AD Rosemount DEVICE NETWORK to with the Gateway, and the CONFIGURATION the to with the wireless or AMS Wireless the Network ID and that they match the Network ID and of the Gateway and other the If the ID and the as the Gateway, the acoustic with the The Network ID and obtained from the Gateway the Setup>Network>Settings the shown Gateway Network AMS Right the acoustic and the to Network and follow the to the Network ID and The Network ID and the wireless the following both Network ID and AMS Wireless AMS Wireless of to directly, HART or remotely the Gateway. To the Rosemount (or right and the that appear below the HART or Gateway Function Items to Network ID, Network
Reference AD Table the REMOVE POWER the and the and the cover. The should MODULE only when the ready commissioning. Function Items Information Country, SI Unit to Network, Rates, Wireless, HART, Security, Information, Network ID, to Network, Broadcast Information Rosemount
Reference AD Rosemount HART MENU TREE Tree
Reference AD Section Mounting SAFETY MESSAGES Instructions and procedures this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated warning Please to the following this MOUNTING the section of as as to the to monitored. the of the as shown and Mounting to follow these death or serious should the death or serious connecting atmosphere, that the with intrinsically field that the operating atmosphere of the with the locations This with of the FCC to the following This interference. This interference received, including interference that operation. This to of from The mounting location should of and to the and the Tighten each to the to acoustic If the the that the cover to ingress. The of the cover should with the of the to Rosemount
Reference AD Rosemount Top NOTE: Wireless should of from the with the to the Gateway. This network formation.
Reference AD Mounting Mounting should inspected and necessary. to Considerations thermal Insulation The with the to Insulation thickness the top of the foot should mount the within of the to monitored. The mounting affected and when the of The should such that or other high directly the housing of the If the the should the of the Rosemount
Reference AD Rosemount
Reference AD Section Commissioning SAFETY MESSAGES Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated warning Please to the following this VERIFY OPERATION There three to operation: the using the Gateways integrated interface, or AMS Wireless or AMS to follow these death or serious injury. the death or serious injury: of this with the and international and Please the Product section associated with installation. connecting atmosphere, the with intrinsically NOTE The Rosemount and other wireless should only the Gateway and functioning properly. should of from the Gateway, with the to the Gateway. This and If the Rosemount with the Network ID and and passed, the connected to the If Network ID and please reference Troubleshooting NOTE It the to the Rosemount
Reference AD Rosemount HART DD required. To the DD, the Emerson The the wireless the following Gateway the Gateways interface, to the as shown the and Wireless Gateway Function Items Wireless of Neighbors, of Heard, of AMS Wireless the the appear the as illustrated HART Wireless DD required. To the DD, the Emerson
Reference AD Wireless Gateway Network NOTE SteamLogic software to the the CD information. Troubleshooting If the to the the of the Network ID and and that Active the Gateway. The Network ID and the match the Network ID and of the Gateway. The Network ID and obtained from the Gateway the Setup>Network>Settings of the The Network ID and the wireless following the shown below. Function Items to Network ID, Network Rosemount
Reference AD Rosemount NOTE to with the the information the to the Table includes to and the Function Information Country, SI Unit to Rates, Wireless, HART, Security, Information, Wireless Network ID, to Network, Broadcast Information Items
Reference AD Section and SAFETY MESSAGES Instructions and procedures this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated Please to the following operation preceded this OPERATION The Rosemount acoustic and of the The acoustic reported 'counts,' which of the of the acoustic The acoustic the Rosemount to broad of to installations. The acoustic or count the Rosemount of the broad of to isolate to follow these death or serious the death or serious of this with the and international and Please the Product section associated with installation. connecting atmosphere, the with intrinsically This count information to the of or other mechanical The to that or release. the of SteamLogic software the based the acoustic and information published the Rosemount to SteamLogic further information.) the of other the Rosemount with to and the of the Rosemount
Reference AD Rosemount ALERTS The Rosemount to based the acoustic and measured. The Rosemount reports when there malfunction. information these to Section Troubleshooting. The following the AMS each of the AMS Normal Conditions AMS Conditions
Reference AD The Rosemount user Acoustic High when acoustic user threshold. Acoustic when acoustic below user threshold. High when threshold. when below threshold. There three that to these using AMS Wireless or field and Learn To the and learn function the to the the and the its and operating confirmed, to the and This and Learn The then through of that the input and based this operation If the input too to the high or of the the and learn function to the If this the recommended that and that the If input allow the and learn function, the or to Rosemount
Reference AD Rosemount and Learn through on-screen to the At each the shown with to the as To the to the and Click Follow the on-screen and the To manually the to the and the the each as
Reference AD POWER MODULE Expected years reference REPLACEMENT If and shows the the to replaced, the and the 701PGN then the and the cover. that the cover to ingress. The of the cover should with the of the to Considerations The D lithium/thionyl battery. Each approximately of lithium. the self-contained and reactive as as the and the should to thermal, or mechanical should protected to when the from of Battery when Considerations with battery, and regulations should of If recycling through recycler the information. Reference C F), of once and routing three Rosemount
Reference AD Rosemount Considerations The shipped to without the Please the to D lithium battery. lithium the U.S. of Transportation, and covered International Association (IATA), International (ICAO), and Ground Transportation of (ARD). It the of the shipper to with these or other Please and
Reference AD Section Troubleshooting OVERVIEW and troubleshooting the operating SAFETY MESSAGES Instructions and this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated Please to the following this If malfunction the of follow the to that and with the checkpoints first. to follow these death or serious injury. only the installation. death or serious of this with the and international and Please the Product section associated with installation. connecting atmosphere, the with intrinsically Rosemount
Reference AD Rosemount and Troubleshooting Symptom Corrective Actions Troubleshooting the items the If the the Acoustics the If the the the If the the the If the the the If the the Warning the items the If the the Acoustics the the If the the the within the the If the the the within the the If the the the Memory Warning the items the If this High Acoustic Correct they of operating necessary. Acoustic Correct they of operating necessary. High Correct they of operating necessary. Correct they of operating necessary. Active that required. Service the Short Battery that On" off that Troubleshooting the with or AMS the to AMS and/or further troubleshooting. Wireless Troubleshooting wireless oriented Section of this wireless followed C information). Acoustic the the within effective the Network ID the troubleshooting section of the Wireless Gateway information the Increase wireless that the least hour. with Wireless
Reference AD Specifications and Reference SPECIFICATIONS Functional Specifications IEC (WirelessHART) DSSS Physical Specifications Connections/Power non-rechargeable, Intrinsically Lithium-Thionyl with PBT/PC year reference Specifications A-1 A-3 Information A-4 relative Rate to from (WP option) of EIRP Communication Terminals permanently to of Construction Housing PBT/PC Housing PBT/PC Wave 316L SST Mounting directly attached to mounting Reference C F), of once and routing three Rosemount A-1
Reference AD Rosemount Performance Specifications Tested the of IEC60770-1 field or with high Wireless Acoustic Specifications counts A-2 with without NEMA 4X and IP66/67 C to C F to F) C to C F to F) (C) (C) (EMC) of EN to C to F)
Reference AD DIMENSIONAL DRAWINGS Rosemount Direct Mount inches Rosemount A-3
Reference AD Rosemount ORDERING INFORMATION A-1. Rosemount Acoustic Information The offering the options. The options should selected The Expanded offering to Product Acoustic Steam with SteamLogic software Other Housing A1 Acoustic Product NA Location I1 ATEX Intrinsic I2 INMETRO Intrinsic I5 FM Intrinsically I6 CSA Intrinsically I7 Intrinsic Mounting NA00 Mounting HC01 Mounting to HC02 Mounting to HC03 Mounting to Wireless (Include with selected Wireless and WA3 DSSS, IEC (WirelessHART) Omnidirectional Wireless and WP5 Compatible with (I.S. Separately) C1 Factory and Wireless Typical A1 NA HC01 WA3 WP5 shipped 701PGNKF. A-4
Reference AD Product Rosemount Inc. USA Locations Emerson Emerson Telecommunication wireless to that they to the of the RF Nearly every country this type of Emerson with governmental around the to supply products and the of country or wireless FCC and IC This with of the FCC to the following This interference. This interference received, including interference that operation. Union The EC Declaration of Conformity this found www.rosemount.com. Directive Information obtained Ordinary Location the and tested to that the basic mechanical, and fire protection FM FM nationally testing laboratory (NRTL) as accredited the Occupational and Health Administration (OSHA). Locations B-1 Telecommunication B-1 FCC and IC B-1 Union Directive Information B-1 Ordinary FM B-1 Locations B-2 This to of from ATEX Directive (94/9/EC) Emerson with the ATEX Directive. (EMC) (2004/108/EEC) EN EN and Telecommunications Directive (R TTE) (1999/5/EC) Emerson with the R&TTE Directive. Rosemount B-1
Reference AD Rosemount Locations North American B-2 Factory (FM) I5 Intrinsically Intrinsically Class I, A, B, C, and Class I, T4 (T to C) to C with 701PGN only. 4X IP66/67 Conditions (X): The Rosemount Acoustic only with the 701PGN charging FM3600:1998 FM3610:2010 ANSI/NEMA ANSI/IEC60529:2004 CSA International I6 CSA Intrinsically Applicable CSA C22.2 142-M1987, CSA C22.2 Intrinsically Class I, A, B, C, and T3C C C) Intrinsically when to Rosemount with 701PGN only. 4X, IP66/67 I1 ATEX Intrinsic BASEEFA11ATEX0174X II 1G IIC T4 (T C C) IP66/67 with 701PGN only. Conditions (X): The of the Rosemount and or cleaned with cloth. EN60079-0:2009 EN60079-11:2007
Reference AD I7 Intrinsic 11.0091X IIC (T C C) IP66/67 with 701PGN only. Conditions (X): The of the Rosemount and or cleaned with cloth. EC60079-0:2007-10 IEC60079-11:2006 I2 NCC 12.0817X INMETRO IIC T4 Conditions (X): The and or cleaned with cloth. Rosemount B-3
Reference AD Rosemount B-1. Rosemount FM Intrinsically B-4 PRINTED COPIES ARE UNCONTROLLED Rosemount
Reference AD C Recommended EFFECTIVE RANGE Obstruction: Typical heavy or through. Effective C-1 should to highest reliability. Deviation from those repeaters the to reliability. The following to the Wireless Network. Each wireless field should to the of to the Gateway to reduce latency. of wireless within effective of the Wireless Gateway. three with performance, increase the of wireless to four or This increases the of and performance. of wireless the within of Wireless Gateway. Other include creating higher of within effective of the to or This around the and and to Wireless HART with from Gateway to performance, the typically within of to hops. This and Effective type of and the of the that surrounds the Obstruction: Typical light areas, of and Light Obstruction: Typical of obstructions themselves, of and RF of Sight: Wireless HART and mounted of ground or and to the IEC62591 Wireless HART http://www2.emersonprocess.com/siteadmincenter/PM%20Central%20Web Rosemount C-1
Reference AD Rosemount C-2
The Emerson and service of Emerson Rosemount and the Rosemount of Rosemount Inc. of of the Emerson of HART of the HART Communication Foundation. and Noryl of other the property of their respective owners. and Conditions of found www.rosemount.com/terms_of_sale Rosemount Inc. rights Emerson Rosemount Inc. MN USA (U.S.) (International) www.rosemount.com AD, Rosemount Reference AC Emerson