Instruction and and Introduction of Specifications Mounting Loading Assembly without the Top-Loaded Option with the Top-Loaded Option Side-Mounted Assembly Top-Mounted Stop) Assembly Emerson, Emerson of their affiliated responsibility the selection, and of Responsibility the selection, and of with the purchaser and www.Fisher.com Introduction of This instruction information installation, and the and to instruction information about other and with these W1950 IL D100311X012
and Effective Effective inch 5H inch inch or Allowable Thrust Allowable Thrust inch to NPT internal Without Without actuator-to-bonnet casing that to Indicated than casing that the screw the The of the to the and the when the the these This casing to operating Its to allow typical supply and/or tolerances. or without first trained and and accessory installation, operation, and and reading and the of this If about these instructions, Emerson office proceeding. The reverse-acting Reverse-acting action to the from the and action the action The to to the If reduced or from the SPECIFICATION SPECIFICATION Table Specifications or Iron Iron Iron C to action the The with and where action or the as the Also, the furnished with only) assembly or top-mounted only). The side-mounted normally as The top-mounted as or The furnished with top-loading top-loaded allows to to the top of the the to the This Instruction ACTUATOR SIZE
Instruction DIAPHRAGM AIR LIFTS AF3833-A A6127 IL Representation of increases seat where seat-loading necessary. Specifications to Specifications of the the information about To or the of the of to and the and of of the process. or to from these The casing and of operated. This to the to the and to seat the The following the to This the that than of the If this the SPRING PUSHES DOWN ACTUATOR STEM WARNING and plate the to the or other might Additional when the If the exceeded, to the or casing might the its specified and the head physically from the from to the and casings. The amount of that once the to the the that this factor or casing to the of the If the exceeded, to the or might the casing the of the to the other the than the of the To or the The force the than the allowable thrust or the allowable wear protective clothing, and eyewear when operations to with or that to If existing to the WARNING the of the section this instruction WARNING
and and shipped together, the normally mounted the Follow the instructions when the the If the shipped or to mount the the the following Mounting information mounting to the instruction Mounting Mount the the the screws and the the to the Screw the and the the threads. supply to the casing push-down-to-close the its seat. to that the Apply to the (1/8-inch). push-down-to-open apply to that the retracted. the its seat. On this the of through the If the the used) and the to the seat from the to the (1/8-inch). of the or the threads or operation. that the of each the to or than the of that the and the CAUTION and and the screws. Thread the the the and to To to the of the screws when the or force to Loading locations shown and otherwise directed. the to the the or the casing top-loaded the the bushing and the its the bushing from the casing and the top its the 1/4-inch bushing to increase necessary. The with or the of or as as to the If accessory (such as or used, that the accessory properly to the to the instruction as necessary. the to that the and that the when the to the If incorrect, to the the section. If the incorrect, to the the section. Instruction WARNING
Instruction when the motion from the the If the Mounting correctly, this should necessary. of direct-acting the This the off the seat, reducing the chance of the or seat the and from the and and slightly the screws. wrenches or other directly the to the and to the Tighten the together, wrench, then screw the the to lengthen or of the to the to the specified If to the specified and correct. the screws when obtained. the threading the the when the to specified to the the to the the when the and the the to the Allowable the when the the specified and the to around the CAUTION and when the specifications of the or the casings. Each the the or to with the turning the the around the and the the the as reference to that the the the cover of approximately inch) the and the with the Rotating the from to right increase the to the to The the when the to to the thrust and to properly the spacers the shroud plate and the forces, rotating the Counterclockwise (when from the casings) of the increase the to and clockwise the to the when CAUTION
and high forces, to spacers the of the and the seat to isolate force from the To from the back to its length, and the spacers following the instructions the below. It recommended that three spacers of three-inch to the specified If other than the recommended to used, that the spacers of withstanding the force involved. The spacers of with squarely. Measure as shown the of the spacers as follows: If to the spacers approximately (3/16-inch) than B. If to increase the spacers (3/16-inch) shorter than the amount of or whichever Whenever the amount of than the or and the amount of each than the to Cautiously the spacers around the seat Spacers seated squarely, or they of and from the and seat, the force the spacers the seat and the of the the The rotated counterclockwise (when from the casings) to increase the to or clockwise to the to WARNING 50A2627-C A1007-1 IL the to the seat from the spacers, and the spacers. reduce the to the that the thrust correctly seated the seat with the If the than the It to spacers using the and the or whichever the when or property from release of or bursting of operations: wear protective clothing, and eyewear when operations to injury. Instruction WARNING SPRING SEAT ADJUSTING NUT JAM NUT
Instruction operating or to the the or the or completely off the to isolate the from from both of the the from both of the the and lock-out procedures to that the while the The that pressurized, when the from the when the or or when the with or that to to and locations. locations shown the from the release from both of the and the from both of the off to the release from the lock-out to that the while the the or from the the top of the If the the to and the cover of approximately (1/2-inch) the and the from right to To to the of the screws the when force applied. If necessary, the assembly from the the screws from the and actuator-to-bonnet Unscrew the casing screws and and and off the casing Unscrew the screw the spacer, and plate and and top-loaded the The they the assembly and Construction location of Unscrew the screws and the casing without Unscrew the screws and and and the from the the and and Inspect, and necessary, bushing the bushing and as required. with lithium grease the Unscrew the screws from the and the the and attached thrust and seat and WARNING
and with To to the of the the the there the If the from the the to the to the from turning while the and assembly wrench the wrench the top of the and assembly, the and assembly from the Unscrew the screws and the and attached To the heads, and and assembly and and and Unscrew the screws and and and the from the the and seat and Unscrew the screws and and and the the screws with side-mounted the and the attached thrust bearing the screws of the WARNING bushing and bushing to the assembly procedures. and inspect and reassembly. Assembly Construction location of the threads of the with lithium grease the and thrust the with lithium grease Mount the to the using screws and and Units with side-mounted the thrust and seat and the the the the seat the and the the seat. Mount the to the screws and and with the and attached with screws the and assembly the and thread the the used, to the and assembly. without the bushing the the the bushing and as required. the with lithium grease the casing the and with screws Mount the and, used, and the Instruction
Instruction CAP SCREW (KEY SPACER (KEY UPPER DIAPHRAGM CASE (KEY DIAPHRAGM (KEY LOWER DIAPHRAGM PLATE (KEY CAP SCREW (KEY GASKET (KEY TRAVEL STOP (KEY SEAL BUSHING (KEY 50A8597-D SPACER (KEY UPPER DIAPHRAGM PLATE (KEY DIAPHRAGM (KEY LOWER DIAPHRAGM PLATE (KEY TRAVEL STOP (KEY 50A8599-C C0772 IL and using the screw the screw threads with lithium grease the screw to and top-loaded the The they the assembly and Construction. Position the casing the and the Construction and the field, to the casing screws to the to the the following with wrench and these screws and and the casing screws and the VENT ASSEMBLY (KEY UPPER DIAPHRAGM PLATE (KEY CAP SCREW (KEY HEX NUT (KEY LOWER DIAPHRAGM CASE (KEY PIPE BUSHING (KEY SNAP RING (KEY O-RING (KEY O-RING (KEY PIPE BUSHING (KEY CAP SCREW (KEY CAUTION
and the screws the and the the following The first four should and Tighten these four to the clockwise, to this four and to of Tighten the clockwise, to the to of the should to around the Once completed, recommended. without the following the of the bushing and bushing with screws the bushing lightly with lithium grease Mount the the with the the section. to and locations. locations shown or property from release of or bursting of operations: wear protective clothing, and when operations to injury. WARNING operating or to the the or the or completely off the to isolate the from from both of the the from both of the the and lock-out procedures to that the while the The that when the from the when the or or when the with or that to the from the release from both of the and the from both of the If off to the release from the lock-out procedures to that the while the the shroud the head screws force, the and the high force: To when high forces to the section, and follow the instructions with high force. Instruction
Instruction These instructions the to high the and the the or from the top of the with top-mounted the handwheel clockwise as as the screws and the cover the screw, used, from the and the Unscrew the screws that the assembly to the and the assembly. If necessary, the from the the and the actuator-to-bonnet the the and the four screws. If the from the that the Then, the to the of the seat and and This of the or Without the Top-Loaded Option and locations shown locations shown Unscrew the casing screws and and and the casing. without top-mounted and the screw used, and the with top-mounted the and and and the washer, and plate and Unscrew the screws and the bushing the bushing To and property from the release of that from the Unscrew the four that the casing to the assembly and the the assembly as necessary. The and necessary. to the the to the following Assembly procedures. and inspect or reassembly. Assembly If the the threads the with lithium grease On the the thrust and seat and to the that the thrust with the the seat. the to the seat inches) from the of the the assembly the assembly the to the of the inches) the of the (actuator-to-bonnet the the found the casing the casing the assembly. If the WARNING
and DIAPHRAGM CASING COVER (KEY UPPER DIAPHRAGM PLATE (KEY UPPER DIAPHRAGM CASING (KEY DIAPHRAGM (KEY CAP SCREW (KEY BACK UP PLATE (KEY HEX NUT (KEY DIAPHRAGM RETAINER (KEY LOWER DIAPHRAGM CASING ASSEMBLY (KEY HEX BUSHING (KEY CAP SCREW (KEY 50A2623-F UPPER DIAPHRAGM CASING (KEY DIAPHRAGM RETAINER (KEY CAP SCREW (KEY DIAPHRAGM (KEY CASE ADAPTOR (KEY CAP SCREW (KEY DIAPHRAGM BACK UP PLATE (KEY DIAPHRAGM (KEY DIAPHRAGM RETAINER (KEY 56A9820-B C0773-1 IL Construction Instruction CAP SCREW (KEY HEX NUT (KEY HEX NUT (KEY WASHER (KEY O-RING (KEY SEAL BUSHING RETAINER (KEY O-RING (KEY SEAL BUSHING (KEY O-RING (KEY TRAVEL STOP (KEY HEX NUT (KEY HEX NUT (KEY WASHER (KEY BACK UP PLATE (KEY DIAPHRAGM PLATE (KEY O-RING (KEY BACK UP PLATE (KEY
Instruction with of the the rotating the the and the four the bushing and and the bushing with lithium grease the bushing and bushing and and with the screws the and washer and the the with the facing from the Smooth the of the to and that the pinched when the casing If the to the immediately the (smooth from the The of the to with top-mounted screw the as as the the without top-mounted the and the and that the the the casing the and the CAUTION CAUTION and the field, to the casing screws to the to crush the the following with wrench and these screws and and the casing screws and the the screws the and the the following The first four should and Tighten these four to the clockwise, to this the four and to of the clockwise, to the to of the should to around the Once completed, recommended. with top-mounted mount the gear assembly the the screws the and screw used) the the cover with the screws. Mount the the and with the actuator-to-bonnet to the section to the to the CAUTION
and With the Top-Loaded Option locations to and to the Top-Loaded shown Also, to the screws from the casing and the the screw and washer and plate with the screws from the of the casing and the the plate with and plate Unscrew the screws and the bushing the bushing and the bushing and as necessary. To to the of the four the casing when applied. that released. Unscrew the four that the casing to the assembly and the the assembly as necessary. The and necessary. to the the Unscrew the screws and the bushing the and the and as necessary. Unscrew the four that the casing to the assembly and WARNING the the assembly as necessary. The and necessary. to the the to the assembly procedures. and inspect and reassembly. Assembly If the the threads the with lithium grease the thrust and seat and to the that the thrust bearing with the the seat. the to the seat inches) from the of the the assembly the assembly the to the of the inches) the of the (actuator-to-bonnet the found the casing the casing the assembly. If the with of the the rotating the the casing and the four the and and the bushing with lithium grease the bushing bushing and and bushing and with four the with the facing from the Smooth the of the to and that the pinched Instruction CAUTION
Instruction when the If the to the immediately the (smooth from the The of the to the and and the the the and the while lowering the the casing assembly screws and the field, to the casing screws to the to crush the the following with wrench and these screws and and the screws the Tighten the screws the following The first four screws should and these four screws to Tighten the screws clockwise, to this the four screws, and to of CAUTION CAUTION and the screws clockwise, to the screw to of the screws should to around the Once completed, recommended. the with the facing the Smooth the of the to and that the pinched when the casing the washer and and with top-mounted screw the as as the the without the the screw and the screw. the casing the and the the field, to the casing screws to the to the the following with wrench and these screws and clean and the screws the CAUTION CAUTION
and the screws the casing and the screws. Tighten the screws the following The first four screws should and these four screws to the screws clockwise, to this the four screws, and to of Tighten the screws clockwise, to the screw to of the screws should to around the Once completed, recommended. with top-mounted mount the assembly the screws the and screw used) the the cover with screws. Mount the the and with the actuator-to-bonnet to the section to the to the Side-Mounted The side-mounted assembly normally as The mounted of that, of action, counterclockwise the The assembly continuously connected type with to rotating the from the to both the grease the with grease. Instructions below and assembly. the only as as to accomplish the then, the assembly the location shown through of the of the section. Unscrew the screws and the Unscrew the screws and the the Unscrew screws and the Turn the to the turning the the free of the the bearing and thrust and and The and associated to or them. the and the the or and the screws and the and The with the the Assembly the with lithium grease and the back Thread the back and and the the screw the with the screw the the screw, and the threads with lithium grease and the the that the of the fits the back the the front and thread the and the the screw the with the screw the the screw, and the and and the the the Instruction
Instruction Thread the the the thrust with lithium grease thrust then the the thrust and the and The screw the threads with lithium grease the of the with the the thrust bearing the and the through the turning the the from the the to the with screws the the the that the the the the with the screws the screws to free the bearings. the screws operation the threads with lithium grease and the the thrust with lithium grease and the as shown the and with screws Complete through of the Assembly the section. The with as shown to of the The rotating the screws counterclockwise of the to increase action and clockwise to action. The screw the right (the top of the screws section B-B of and action, and the screw the action. Top-Mounted Stop) shown top-mounted assembly normally as to retraction of the Clockwise of the the Counterclockwise the and the upward. Instructions below and assembly. as as to accomplish the then, the assembly the the from the release from both of the and the from both of the If off to the release from the lock-out to that the while the the the to atmospheric to the section), and the or from the Unscrew the screws and the cover the screws the front and back and and the the and the front and back and and the the the screw assembly wrench the and the assembly from the The bearing and thrust and and with the screw.
and Assembly The front and back and each their threads screw the with lithium grease, and bearing the back Thread the back and the the the with the screw the the screw and the threads with lithium grease and the the that the of the fits the back the the front and thread the and the the the with the the the screw and the the and the the thrust with lithium grease thrust then the the thrust and the and the screw threads with lithium grease the screw the thrust the and the through the the cover and the screws the screws to the bearings. the screws handwheel Each the to this when with Emerson office or technical information. Also, to the 11-character of each recommended as found the following that Emerson should Fisher they warranty, might the performance of the and to and property Neither Emerson, Emerson of their affiliated responsibility the selection, and of Responsibility the selection, and of with the purchaser and includes and R667X000802 shown recommended only. shown, Emerson office. 2R6376X0082 18B2713X062 20A2551X012 top required) 20A2551X012 Plate PTFE 1H7441X0022 20A2582X012 *Recommended Instruction WARNING
Instruction required) 1D542906992 1H8627X0042 1D439206992 1R834206992 Screw Screw Screw casing Screw Y602 Assembly following Seat Plate Screw Washer Screw Connector Assembly Screw Screw Washer Nameplate Screw Shroud Plate Screw assembly 1H7369X0012 required) 1C415706992 screw Screw Thrust Bearing Assembly Screw *Recommended and Screw Assembly Lithium Grease, only required) and 1C339006992 Y602-12 Assembly Warning Plate Top Loaded shown) 11A3391X012 Plate Screw Side-Mounted Gear Thrust Bearing Worm Gear Bearing Gear Worm Worm Bearing Worm Grease Screw Screw Stop Screw Screw Screw Stop Stop Bracket Screw Lithium Grease,
and ACTUATOR COLOR CODE SIZE NUMBER CODE SIZE 1H747327082 1H747327082 ACTUATOR SIZE NUMBER SIZE NUMBER Top-Mounted Gear Connector Thrust Bearing Worm Gear Bearing Gear Screw Assembly Worm Worm Bearing Worm Screw Gear Screw Screw Grease COMPRESSION RANGE TRAVEL RATE 1H747727082 1H747527082 1H747527082 1H747627082 1H747027082 White 1H747027082 White COMPRESSION RATE MAXIMUM PART LOAD Assembly Head required) 1F449206992 required) 1C710321992 1H624706992 Screw required) 1D687506992 Screw Screw 1H972406992 (7.6L) required) 1E591406992 E-Ring Screw required) 1P540806992 required) 1P540906992 1P541206992 *Recommended Instruction MAXIMUM PART LOAD NUMBER 10A2561X012 10A2562X012 10A2563X012 10A2564X012
Instruction 50A8599-C APPLY LUB/SEALANT NOTE: KEYS AND ARE NOT SHOWN. 50A8597-D DOC and
and APPLY LUB NOTES: THIS PART IS LOCATED TO FRONT OF POSITION SHOWN KEYS AND ARE NOT SHOWN 50A2623-F DOC 56A9820-B DOC Instruction
Instruction APPLY LUB/SEALANT 50A8759-C DOC with Side-Mounted and and VIEW
and Fisher Fisher International LLC, of the Emerson business of Emerson Emerson Emerson, and the Emerson and service of Emerson other the property of their respective owners. The of this informational only, and while every to their they to as or or implied, the products or services or their or applicability. the right to or the or of such products without Neither Emerson, Emerson of their affiliated responsibility the selection, and of Responsibility the selection, and of with the purchaser and Emerson Marshalltown, USA Cernay www.Fisher.com International LLC Rights Printed USA APPLY LUB 50A2624-F DOC Top-Mounted Instruction