Reference AA October Rosemount 3095FC Flow www.rosemount.com
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October www.rosemount.com Rosemount 3095FC Flow The products this NOT products that or products readings. information Rosemount products, Emerson Representative. This and should and this with the and and performance, to thoroughly the or this The United States toll-free and International Customer to P.M. CST) International National hours service NOTICE
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October SECTION 3095FC Introduction Firmware. 3095FC Functions Flow Flow Considerations. Rosemount Interface Software PC SECTION Mounting Rosemount 3095FC the Rosemount 3095FC the 3095FC Plate (Direct Mount) RTD Interface (LOI). EIA-485 (RS-485) EIA-232 (RS-232) Comm the Earth Grounds. With Protection Supply. Apply the Rosemount Interface Software Software With Without Uninstalling the Rosemount Interface Software. www.rosemount.com Table of
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October SECTION Functions Select TLP TLP Duplicating Copy and New Download the Clock the Advanced 3095FC RBX 3095FC Information Other Information Revision Info Security Rosemount Interface Security and On 3095FC Security LCD I/O Scanning Scanning Enabled. I/O (AI) AI AI Advanced AI TOC-2 Started with the Software the Software the Software Communication Direct from the 3095FC. Tree. 3095FC 3095FC 3095FC or 3095FC
Reference AA October SECTION 3095FC. (AI) SECTION Troubleshooting and Soft Table AGA Quality Advanced History History. History History, and Reports Collect History EFM Reporting Flow (EFM) Reports History Collection History Access Functionality Information Conversion Custom New Displays. Information Communication the 3095FC Cold the Rosemount 3095FC TOC-3
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October APPENDIX Specifications and Reference APPENDIX Locations .B-1 Product Directive Information .B-1 Locations .B-1 North American .B-1 .B-1 APPENDIX C Rosemount Interface Software APPENDIX TOC-4 the Plate Specifications. .A-1 Functional Specifications .A-1 Performance Specifications .A-3 Physical Specifications. .A-4 Memory Specifications .A-6 Flow Specifications. .A-6 .A-7 Information .A-9 .A-11 .A-11 Custom (Option C1) .A-11 .A-11 Optional Manifolds. .A-11 .A-11 Rosemount Interface Software .A-11 or higher .A-11 .C-1 Definitions .C-1 InformationC-2 .C-3
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Section Introduction 3095FC OVERVIEW The 3095FC microprocessor-based The and flow using plate (DP). It reliably and and www.rosemount.com 3095FC 3095FC Functions Considerations The 3095FC hourly and historical It records the corrected flow the and the to the to host. The 3095FC both and It functionality and and The 3095FC the following and features: Weather-tight Termination Battery Charger Backplane MB of ROM Memory), which KB of backed-up RAM Access Memory) three-wire Thermal Detector (RTD) input (optional) Interface (LOI) EIA-232 (RS-232) EIA-485 (RS-485) Comm EIA-232 (RS-232) Comm (optional)
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October The backplane the the routing of the to the termination board, the board, the board, the optional board, the and the charger board. The termination to the and located the of the housing. include the supply, Interface (LOI) optional RTD and the I/O field The termination and protection the field include the RTD and the I/O The termination board as interface to the backplane board the of the The the memory, Interface (LOI) the and the clock. The the I/O of the board. The board, the the Peripheral Interface (SPI) buss, and The operating including inactivity and The 3095FC with KB of built-in, memory (SRAM) and history. The 3095FC MB of flash ROM operating firmware, firmware, and The the charging of the internal Three Amp-hours of The charger board as the interface to the optional LCD assembly, as as the On/Off and the RAM and the Clock. This field the functional that years. RTD typically mounts thermowell the The RTD the flowing The RTD wires directly to the RTD the termination located the The built-in and outputs (I/O) the 3095FC of RTD input interface. Three (AI) the and enclosure/battery The Interface (LOI) the 3095FC and (PC) through Interface EIA-232 (RS-232) the functionality of the 3095FC and its operation using Rosemount Interface Software Section The allows EIA-485 (RS-485) The EIA-232 (RS-232) activates Comm Communication The I/O inputs, and security and using the options Section
Reference AA October The firmware ROM the termination board, the functionality of the 3095FC and includes: The 3095FC the following options and The 3095FC the following AGA-3 flow (with AGA8 I, or II) Memory of and of from the Archival of of Archival of of hourly Archival of of Archival of historical and based (ASCII or RTU) with EFM security Interface (LOI) (LCD) with two-line The LCD displays information assembly to recharge the battery) Battery and high Software and RTD operation Memory The 3095FC with its internal to VDC. The LCD becomes active when input with the polarity and (typically than to the CHG+ the input fusing/protection The and that the 3095FC operating the The software the (CPU). The software the second. If the of seconds, then the forces the 3095FC to If necessary, the software The the CPU and the to the If the below the 3095FC The Rosemount 3095FC its orifice-metering and operation. Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October to the CPU The and the The 3095FC of inactivity the 3095FC Functions of the 3095FC the firmware. The features and the firmware, which using Rosemount Interface Software, from when the 3095FC from the Clock from of the Flow historical Memory of and Security with and protection Flow The function of the 3095FC to the flow of through with the American (API) and American Association (AGA) The the function DP, SP, and The DP and SP once second. The input and once from RTD Flow The flow with ANSI/API (AGA API Chapter (AGA and API Chapter The flow or U.S. Flow The DP each to the cutoff. If the DP than or to the flow or the SP than or to to that second. Flow to the of seconds the DP the flow cutoff. and Every the Rosemount 3095FC the measured input DP, SP, and and the Integrated (IV) (the of the SP the DP). Flow of the and the IV the there flow of the recorded to allow flow
Reference AA October CONSIDERATIONS The 3095FC to to 75C to 167F). the operating the recommended and performance. The 3095FC NEMA The fabricated from with and There threaded field and Mounting clearance service, and Mount or to or The LCD rotated The through DC or Route from areas, and to and National (NEC) installations. Rate The instantaneous of the IV with the of the (IMV) to the The IMV as the from the of other factors of the included the IV. The instantaneous flow with the heating to the Flow and The of the DP and SP, and of the IV with the to the and the The flow and then and the top of every hour. At the hour, the and to the Historical and the of The 3095FC should to of that to and to solar-powered 3095FC as follows: Northern Hemisphere: south south) Southern and north north) from AM to PM. The 3095FC input from to the charge (CHG+ CHG-) terminals the termination board. The DC including to the CHG+ CHG- the termination board. the charger board and the charge based charging and The 3095FC Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October Rosemount Interface Software PC and locations and the 3095FC to the of and I/O and or NEC the I/O Direct and or overhead options I/O installations. NOTE: allow the to If the the thermal The Rosemount Interface Software operates PC that the following IBM or recommended) CD-ROM (service release B), ME, NT (Service (Service or XP. MB RAM MB of RS-232 SVGA Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Section MOUNTING Mounting the Rosemount 3095FC accomplished of the following www.rosemount.com Mounting Apply the Rosemount Interface Software Started with the Software Establishing Communication Tree mounted The Rosemount 3095FC mount to that the weight and conforms to building Plate Mount directly to plate or With mounting the to the mounting Mounting located A-7. located
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October INSTALLATION Rosemount 3095FC from the and DP to NPT The 3095FC that the SP normally to the high H the the Rosemount 3095FC The following to the 3095FC the using the the from service. the 3095FC or mounting the the the interface physically the 3095FC to the PC the Rosemount Interface Software. One of the D-shell, the PC. The other of the the 3095FC. Apply to the 3095FC Apply the Rosemount Interface Software the Software the 3095FC and PC the 3095FC the 3095FC the 3095FC to other or the service and with Rosemount Interface Software operation. the 3095FC Plate (Direct Mount) The following to the 3095FC the from service. the 3095FC the and to the 3095FC to the the the interface physically the 3095FC to the PC the Rosemount Interface Software. One of the D-shell, the PC. The other of the the 3095FC. Apply to the 3095FC Apply the Rosemount Interface Software the Software the 3095FC and PC Communication the 3095FC
Reference AA October the 3095FC from radiation. They the choice locations where DC The of factors, including the of to the and the geographic location of the charging the information to the the 3095FC the 3095FC to other or the service and with Rosemount Interface Software operation. typically mounts to the that the 3095FC The terminates the charge (CHG+ CHG-) terminals the termination board. NOTE: CSA Class I, ratings. 3095FC routing the The optional of API Chapter and the of the historical once the internal To first the the geographic The shows hours) the United States winter months. Emerson geographic (from hours Next, the amount of from the the following SF the [I SF (hrs)]/Insolation Finally, the of the following of NOTE: The I the type of to the the used. The the Rosemount 3095FC its charging to around Therefore, to that Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October the United States WIRING The field terminals located Termination Board. The input termination (CHG+ CHG-) and to AWG significantly than to the 3095FC. The input allow the to If the the charger thermal the following to from the coating from the of the wire. the the beneath the termination screw. To the wires should as as strain, allow when Tightening the screw to the screws. the polarity applying NOTE To such as wearing grounded wrist
Reference AA October The terminals CHG+ and CHG- the termination board. These the input and the charging The that to the CHG+ CHG- terminals RTD input through the Detector (RTD) and The 3095FC terminations or RTD with IEC The RTD alpha to Table RTD Routing CHG+ Battery to CHG Battery Common The RTD mounts directly to the thermowell. RTD wires should protected sheath or connected to the The RTD to the three screw RTD the Termination the RTD and 3095FC should shielded wire, with the shield grounded only to ground RTD input Table displays the RTD the RTD RTD RTD RTD input RTD RTD RTD input RTD to RTD RTD RET reference RTD RET RTD RET Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October The located the 3095FC to the Rosemount Interface Software, other 3095FC and the 3095FC Interface NOTE the 3095FC located optional or built the termination board. CPU RJ-45 (top) LOI RS-232D CPU RJ-45 (top) COMM1 Ethernet CPU COMM2 EIA-232 (RS-232) COMM3 EIA-232 (RS-232), EIA-485 (RS-485), or MVS COMM4 EIA-232 (RS-232), EIA-485 (RS-485), or MVS COMM5 EIA-232 (RS-232), EIA-485 (RS-485), or MVS Interface (LOI) The Interface (LOI) the 3095FC and the of interface such as IBM PC EIA-232 (RS-232) The interface allows to the 3095FC Rosemount Interface Software) and of The LOI the Termination to built-in EIA-232 (RS-232) interface, which of to operation. The interface The LOI the security of the 3095FC the Security LOI Rosemount Interface Software (Security NOTE the LOI Comm the 3095FC the 3095FC Direct to the LOI. To ease interface as accessory to 3095FC Location Function/Type PC COM White TX To screw TX Black TX
Reference AA October Interface PC Comm EIA-485 (RS-485) Common COM LOI TX Common COM Ready to RTS (RX) RX (TX) TX the LOI to (TX) TX (RX) RX (GND) COM EIA-485 (RS-485) Communications Comm to or the 3095FC from or Rosemount Interface Software. rates to the security of the 3095FC the Security Comm Rosemount Interface Software. and Comm EIA-485 (RS-485) that EIA-485 (RS-485) of of to The EIA-485 (RS-485) with The the EIA-485 (RS-485) Stop Parity, On and The To or the and the should twisted-pair The terminals and their as follows: Function RS-485 RS-485 EIA-232 (RS-232) Comm EIA-232 (RS-232) the switch to such as to the termination the of each the The EIA-232 EIA-232 RS-232 asynchronous of to The EIA-232 (RS-232) parity, On and The to Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Table Card Table EIA-232 (RS-232) Card Ground the Grounding reduces the effects of the operation and protects The 3095FC protection built-in field and outputs. protection the DC to the and Action RTS The to that the ready to RX The RXD that the TX The TXD that transmitted from the COM Common Negative TX Switched COM to RTS RX TX GND and They ease of Switched with internal or It (TX) to the 3095FC The 3095FC screws the It recommended that of AWG the ground To caused EMI interference), RFI interference), and The I/O should insulated, shielded, twisted-pair. grounds should terminate NOTE Grounding DC the National (NEC). the DC the terminate the service conductors to the service Earth Grounds earth grounds earth to ground or of or as measured with ground The grounding should of or the 3095FC ground and the earth ground or With Protection The 3095FC isolated from the isolation accomplished and downstream the this the Rosemount 3095FC mounted or mounted directly the and grounded with ground or Earth Grounds
Reference AA October POWER SUPPLY The 3095FC input from to the terminals (CHG+ CHG-) with (internal The CHG+ CHG- to AWG Without Protection The earth ground and the 3095FC mount directly the ground to the to earth than ohms. If the to earth than ohms, the 3095FC should electrically isolated and ground or grounding If the ground, ground or to To the of the 3095FC to the and of accordingly. To the 3095FC to the of other with the 3095FC the The DC including the Convert the to selecting supply, factor (SF) of to account and other factored the To incorporate the factor, the (P) PSF To PSF to (ISF), PSF the (V) of ISF PSF 12V Amps the 3095FC when the The three Amp-hours of The connected the Battery Charger to the capacity. The capacity the of of the 3095FC as API Flow (EFM) and and the internal the 3095FC should to the API information once to and the that the To the capacity the (ISF) the the amount of ISF as The as follows: ISF amp-hrs Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October APPLY POWER To the 3095FC with the the OFF To apply to the 3095FC: Complete the Unscrew the front cover (LCD the the ON The located the LCD or J1 the Battery Charger Board. Screw the cover (LCD the 3095FC (RAM and other internal the optional LCD displays the and to that the 3095FC completed If the LCD to Section Troubleshooting and Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October INSTALL THE ROSEMOUNT USER INTERFACE SOFTWARE With the Rosemount Interface Software CD-ROM the If of the Rosemount Interface Software to Uninstalling the Rosemount Interface Software Software The Rosemount Interface Software to the 3095FC. PC I/O and or NEC the I/O Direct and or overhead options I/O installations. The of the Rosemount Interface Software interface and Function boxes including the and The appears the From the the and function that Functions selected or the Tree Several commonly Rosemount Interface Software screens.These of the OK: and the Confirm appears there and the Apply: to the Click Next. Click to with the Terms and Conditions the and the Click Next. The software to the directory Files\Rosemount\Rosemount 3095FC Interfaceser Interface. If another location to to that location. Click Next. warning appears there incompatible the items the and Next. the the Rosemount Interface Software CD-ROM. Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October Without the Rosemount Interface Software CD-ROM. Uninstalling the Rosemount Interface Software GETTING STARTED WITH THE SOFTWARE the Software To the software, of the following the Software To to Rosemount Interface software: Click the Select Click the to and the located the CD-ROM. Click OK the Navigation Click OK the with With located Click the Select Double-click the Select Rosemount 3095FC Interface. Click Change/Remove. Follow the instructions that appear the Double-click 3095FC Interface located the Select Rosemount 3095FC Interface 3095FC Interface. Double-click the located Files\Rosemount\Rosemount 3095FC Interface directory). If the to another location With this location instead. NOTE of Rosemount Interface Software the 3095FC to the Interface (LOI) and Rosemount Interface Software. the factory-assigned 3-character (username): LOI. the The assigned the security of the Rosemount Interface Software Security NOTE If the appears. Click OK and the and this and To the or the Tree appears the Tree information. Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October ESTABLISHING COMMUNICATION the user the Rosemount Interface Software, the PC to the 3095FC accomplished. of the following Direct to the 3095FC using the (LOI) the apply. 3095FC Directory Double-click the Station to to the 3095FC the currently that 3095FC. NOTE Once connected, the becomes the active Direct The Direct command allows the Rosemount Interface Software to initiate with the 3095FC search of the PC Direct to the first Comm and Rate and that with 3095FC. If the to establish through the COM of the PC, successively, reply. the Direct option to correctly the PC connected to the (LOI) of the 3095FC with of: Stop Parity To Direct Physically the 3095FC Installation and Rosemount Interface Software Started with the Software of the following: If this the first to the 3095FC, with the Clock Click the Direct 3095FC Directory Tree.) Click the Direct the Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October CONFIGURATION TREE established with 3095FC or the Tree appears the The Tree to the following: off-line, the 3095FC displays To Physically the 3095FC Installation and Rosemount Interface Software Started with the Software of the following: To the PC to 3095FC, or other should This typically through the the 3095FC. the to to or from the 3095FC the to This the or the 3095FC The allow the Rosemount Interface Software to to 3095FC of 3095FC 3095FC typically the geographical or of with something Each of the 3095FC within that group. Assign 3095FC within group. Each 3095FC Station and with which to each The from other that the the 3095FC Comm the and to or the and the directory Select from the Directory and the Double-click from the Directory. Click the the Select to to the 3095FC currently selected the Directory. If 3095FC currently selected, the 3095FC Currently Selected appears. Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October Tree NOTE Double-click the (3095FC to to that 3095FC. Double-clicking the as selecting the or Direct or commands. of the PC Communication to the 3095FC within the 3095FC to the 3095FC Directory Tree) If the user Directory or Directory to the 3095FC directory. 3095FC to Unit typically the geographical or with something selected, of 3095FC the appears below the Group. Right-mouse the directory Select Group. Right-mouse the New and the Press The 3095FC to the Group. Right-mouse the to Group. Click Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October 3095FC Right-mouse the directory Select Right-mouse the New and the Press the 3095FC NOTE 3095FC selecting the the 3095FC 3095FC Right-mouse the to Select Click 3095FC Right-mouse the directory Select Devices. Click the Confirm or 3095FC Right the or to Select the Press Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Section OVERVIEW The Rosemount 3095FC that it and operation. Rosemount Interface Software. the LOI or off-line and the BASIC FUNCTIONS the with the Clock www.rosemount.com Functions Custom the firmware of the 3095FC. The following should and the Clock the 3095FC Security LCD (AI) and Quality History The following functions throughout the process. They the of the section they easily referenced. Select TLP Throughout Rosemount Interface Software, the TLP clicking the with three The Select TLP allows the to assign and to Rosemount Interface Software (T), (L), and (P) to locations. The field the of the Select TLP displays the location of the TLP or text the TLP TLP Select to whether the TLP as text or TLP throughout the Rosemount Interface Software.
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Duplicating the of 3095FC these instruction. to the to specified with the Download the the the the 3095FC the to repeating Copy and Copy and to from to another of the type. the that to duplicated. Click Apply. Click Copy. Select the or to the Click Click New off-line the following instructions. Select New. The the type of 3095FC The of the to the 3095FC as necessary. The option existing created using the function. To to the 3095FC Communication Select Select the The as necessary. Once the becomes active and edited offline. The 3095FC using the Download function The option the of connected 3095FC to Once created 3095FC using the Download function Select The appears. the of the or the Click The the directory Files\Rosemount\Rosemount 3095FC Interfaceser Interface another directory selected.
Reference AA October Download this function to to 3095FC. created the function. To Select Download. Select the with the .FCF Click the to Select or to Select or selecting the the and selecting the right NOTE The the type of that connected. Select only the to Click Download. Downloading Click OK when the The option specifying to Print. Select Select the to printed. the or buttons or the to the the and selecting the right Click OK. the appears, choose of the following buttons: TXT to text The 3095FC Group, Address, and information displays the to to PDF to to spreadsheet RTF to Text Format) HTML to Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October CONFIGURATION the Clock Immediately to 3095FC the first the Rosemount Interface Software Clock to of history. The internal clock and of the historical and Clock NOTE The reflects the the of the collected from to This the of history. Select Clock or the Clock the The the of the the and from the PC clock. with correct. If correct: the arrow buttons to the Month and The clock daylight this Click Apply and OK. the of the month the field and type the (type or the AM/PM field) or the arrows.
Reference AA October the to actions that the of the 3095FC. From the to memory and the 3095FC re-initialized. NOTE to to and memory to cleared. Confirm function the 3095FC from SRAM memory the If the intact. If the memory the that to memory used. To the Cold the 3095FC from the the memory. If the memory written the factory used. NOTE Cold the clock and BEFORE other to the 3095FC memory cleared Cold and clear and displays. and user and Generally, Cold should 3095FC that actively gathering or or and that affected the Cold The following when Cold Cold from memory. Cold Clear ALL from memory and clears History, and displays. Cold Clear from memory and clears the Cold Clear from memory and clears the 3095FC Displays. Cold Clear History from memory and clears History Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October 3095FC The Clear Memory clears memory. factory retained. To the 3095FC to the factory Select Select the Clear and Cold the Cold Clear ALL Click Apply, and OK. NOTE The field displays the of the or clear memory function. To to memory, the Memory function the 3095FC It to the from SRAM to memory. the of operating the Cold To the to memory: Select Select Click Apply, and OK. NOTE the type and the to to the 3095FC this
Reference AA October 3095FC Advanced Advanced the following instructions to the Advanced Select Advanced CRC to CRC Check) 3095FC I/O Scanning the I/O Disabled, I/O and the resumed. Select Through option to Through of the Through allows to and then through to other connected other the its LOI Other 3095FC then connected to the EIA-485 (RS-485) of the first the to to the host. NOTE COM2 only Through It to other field Select the respective (LOI, COM or COM the RTS to High option and Apply to the RTS (Request-to-Send) The RTS seconds. Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October 3095FC The of the 3095FC to PC, such as Rosemount Interface Software or PC. The 3095FC to three Comm Select Select the that the 3095FC to the 10-character Comm of the the and Rate second. Select the Parity to the Select the of asynchronous or character. This typically Select the of Stop contained asynchronous or character. This typically Select the RTS/CTS the On to the of seconds to turning the RTS the On to as high as seconds. than should required. the the to turning the RTS off once The of seconds should the Ctc (Counter) to the of the the The the counter or cleared.
Reference AA October RBX To the RBX, and the following to the RBX the Comm Select Comm RBX RBX The RBX (Report-by-Exception) allows the 3095FC to to PC when the RBX and The of and software. the to the seconds, to RBX There associated with each Retry Count allowing the to each entry. The RBX (Retry Count) the of repeated obtained the first include the the The three Retry Count each associated Selecting allows the user to the first that Selecting Continuous that only when the clears the RBX If the Retry Count to to Retry Count to and to then the first to with the host, the 3095FC seconds each and once seconds. the On to amount of to RBX turning the RTS The amount of fixed. This RBX ACK Timeout This from the If the ACK to received within the timeout the 3095FC the RBX. NOTE The RBX currently through the RBX. The RBX the of RBX Active or Inactive. Active that SRBX processed. the RBX function, Memory to the to the Memory Cold Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October RBX 3095FC Information This establishes the Station Address, Group, and other that 3095FC. Other the information established the following instructions to the Information Information the Station to with the historical to each group. The assigned from to The of should used. to of 3095FC typically to that the 3095FC. The assigned from to of the as the the Group. the Hour to when the totaled of cleared, and to the History The Hour based 24-hour clock with as the Select Force of to the and hourly Click Apply to the and hourly to memory historical Select U.S. or Units to the selected preference. Memory to the to the Memory Cold NOTE The field displays the type of 3095FC
Reference AA October 3095FC Differentiation Information Screen 3095FC Differentiation Information The allows the to the of that active. Select Information Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October 3095FC Differentiation Information Other Information 3095FC Differentiation Information Revision Info Other Information This displays information about the firmware ID, and Created), the and Created), the amount of RAM installed, and the ROM and Revision Info This displays information about the or accessory software the 3095FC. The first field displays the of accessory this I/O or Interface. the displays Used, there The and displayed.
Reference AA October Security The 3095FC of security. Rosemount Interface Security to the Rosemount Interface Software and what items the access. 3095FC Security to the Rosemount Interface Security and On ID and who to Rosemount Interface Software and the Access to and to users Select 3095FC Interface Security. the characters each I.D. Each I.D. The The LOI. Assign the four characters and to the each I.D the The Assign each NOTE To from the software, the factory-assigned (username) LOI and the the security established. that Access to LOI allows to options the and options the allows to the options of and options the allows the options of Collect EFM and allows the options of options, options the and and the allows the options of options and options the allows to and Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Security Access Security Screen 3095FC Security The 3095FC Security to the Comm Ports. to the Each or separately. The Access security the 3095FC the of the Security as the accepted. Access ID and Rosemount Interface Security and On and write allowed. Access ID and Rosemount Interface Security and On when the Access than the Access the 3095FC Security Interface Security This the user to the Rosemount Interface.
Reference AA October LCD LCD allows the user to assign to to the LCD. Each three seconds to the Select LCD the to the LCD to Click the Definition TLP to the to the LCD Undefined that specified. to to the the 10-character (Text) of the I/O the 3095FC of establishing and then Each input and output to the input or Each I/O individually The the location of the the termination board. It assigned and edited. Each which includes to characters to the the I/O characters, including used. NOTE Units 10-character the assigned to the I/O. PSIG, MCF, F, or The I/O through the I/O or the I/O the Tree. A1 DP A2 SP A3 RTD B1 AI E1 E2 E3 E4 E5 Scanning Scanning If to the each and manually Scanning allows the to continuously the I/O I/O displays and active I/O and information. The I/O shows the information, such as I/O or These on-screen Rosemount Interface Software. Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October (AI) such as and including RTD The following as of the AI AI AI Advanced AI (AI) AI AI The AI the the the following to the AI Select I/O AI Select the 10-character of this the and Units. Select the Scanning option. Scanning to the the 3095FC. If Scanning to Disabled, to the input. If Enabled, when Scanning to Disabled. the option. The Active that active this when Enabled, the (such as and Rate that active appear. Disabled, the reports malfunction) and (Scanning Disabled) appear. the Scan as the amount of of the updated based their Scan The second. The Scan allowed the Reading EU to input. the High Reading EU to input. If connected to the with of F to F, the Reading EU would to and the High Reading EU would to To Apply. Memory to the to the Memory Cold Scanning to Enabled, displays the
Reference AA October AI AI Advanced The AI Advanced the to features, such as A/D and the selected the following to the AI Advanced Select I/O AI Advanced which weighted using of the of the The the of the used. The Scan the (New the A/D which the (A/D) reading that to 0%input. the function, this to the input exactly the Reading EU to and the A/D which the A/D reading to input. This to the input to the function, this to the input exactly the High Reading EU NOTE A/D displays the reading directly from the Scan displays the amount of seconds that This should the as shown the Scan the overloaded. The and the readings the Scan the as the A/D Enabled, with Scan of seconds from the A/D every milliseconds. the Scan obtained from the A/D and together. At EU the the of the and as the A/D this function to instantaneous Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October AI Advanced Enabled, to the using the board of the 3095FC as reference. this to the A/D only; built-in already using this to Enabled. Enabled, the 3095FC forces the to within the the off the off using the and AI To Apply. Memory to the to the Memory Cold
Reference AA October AI The AI the the AI I/O AI the the There The inactive the and below the High The of the to the from continuously and cleared when the input around the This the from with Select RBX On and Clear and the 3095FC RBX To Apply. Memory to the to the Memory Cold The to which the I/O to High The to which the I/O to High The to which the I/O to The than the The to which the I/O to The higher than the High Rate The that the amount of If the to, or than this To the Rate without the other the Rate than the of the or TDI. necessary this Disabled, the reports malfunction) and (Scanning Disabled) To when necessary. If the PC to field-initiated Report-by-Exception (RBX) option On the the 3095FC RBX On Clear the the 3095FC RBX Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October AI Soft Softpoints that 3095FC Softpoints of and floating Softpoints of: character (floating shorts Select: the following to the Select I/O Soft Select the Softpoint to or the (10-character). The as to the of the floating or as counter. the These IEEE floating To Apply. Memory to the to the Memory Cold
Reference AA October Soft instruction from that informs what actions to summary and of each the of input/output (I/O) information with optionally specified Summary of such as I/O flows, and with and and from and information such as on/off firmware and and history and specified history and history specified history and history specified of specified specified of specified template Read user Memory Information of specified history archived and hourly the currently selected and month archived hourly and specified history specified history specified of specified Clear specified of specified of writable Reads of from specified offset the specified Function Table (FST) Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October or historical specified of specified of specified specified Report-by-Exception (SRBX or RBX) to Acknowledge Report-by-Exception from to with or Industry and from the the to the and The the and and back acknowledgement which the repeated, back. acknowledgements that the received, bytes. This with included. The to to the the the information input the only the would back with the with the to the to from assigned to the reducing the of from PC. Select Select the the If the the The field attaches to It floating NOTE TLP TLP the Table If PC the 3095FC the that the TLP. Once the the and to and write directly without specifying the or (TLP). and to and write the and include the
Reference AA October Table Screen to or other the DTR or (DO). there COM1 and COM2, COM1 from that COM2, including and the Definitions options. each the to three each of these three and the ON and OFF to graphical of the operates within each the ON The DO switched to ON. If the ON the the The DO ON and the of the the Enabled, activated. The Battery Shutoff allows to whenever the input to the 3095FC below the specified threshold. Select Select the to the (10-character) to this On On On Rosemount 3095FC Communication the OFF The DO to OFF. Communication
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October the The which the of the function of ON, OFF, or RBX. The Active which currently activated the On and of the On the of the receiver, causing of the On to Select to the function. the buttons to Seconds and Seconds the the with the the with telephones. the to when active/inactive. that the the OFF the that the ON of activity seconds, the This to the On the On the the Battery Deadband. The Battery to the Battery Shutoff to when the function and allows the DO to ON as Battery Shutoff that specifies the which The the AI Battery The Battery Shutoff allows to whenever the input to the 3095FC below the specified threshold. The the which counts the amount of (On or that the currently The the of seconds Select which DO the the On Counter, which the that the the ON The Counter the that the the OFF that the respective hours and (HHMM). 24-hour clock. that the associated On and On when the the ON
Reference AA October The allows the AGA the connected 3095FC. The to the of flow through AGA3) NOTE If (RBX) to to the PC, the DO and allow the to The should enough to allow the 3095FC to back from the host. Click Apply when the Memory to and allows the to the ID of to characters to the which this flow the field to to characters to further this or information about the The 3095FC AGA3 flow Additionally, the AGA8 as The AGA8 the factor based the physical chemistry of the and The AGA8 of factors the and of NX19. Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October The the basic the Select Select the to the the Select the the Select the and Edition. Select or the of the The U.S. inches and the the of the The U.S. inches and the the Flow Cutoff when the DP of the than the Flow Cutoff the to Flow recorded the Enabled. the AGA3 this (U.S.) or the (IMP) to the of of the (IMV) to the flow The (IV) of the flow once second. The of such as or
Reference AA October AGA The the field inputs, including DP and SP to the To the the flow Select Click the TLP to assign the input that the DP (high DP, Enabled). The input (U.S.) or NOTE If appears, the field to the input. the the input Click the Static TLP to assign the input that the SP. The input (U.S.) or Click the TLP to the input that the of the flowing The input (U.S.) or Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Quality Quality Quality the of the Heating the Heating and the Gravity. NOTE Hexane+ (C and the of and as specified the heavy the Advanced (Advanced Select Quality the of each or the of and The should If to the when the the based the selected. Select the to Select the Heating If or selected, the Heating (the heating If selected, the Heating and the Select or the Heating of specified of If chosen, the Heating from the If chosen, the the heating the to or U.S or and the or Select or the to the ratio of the of the to the of If selected, the from the of PSIA and F. If selected, the used.
Reference AA October Advanced The of that the flow Select Advanced Select the FPV of the factor the AGA The three NOTE If chosen, manually the and Heating the Quality II, the heating the flow. Select the (U.S. or Select or Atmospheric the of the atmospheric the location. If selected, the from other If selected, type than the The of (U.S.) or the specified the The (U.S.) or the flow specified the The (U.S.), or the or of the location. The (U.S.) or selected. the geographic of the location. The (U.S.) and the the Select or as the of the SP The selection with the type of measured the or Select the Force and Apply to of the flow without the the to the of the its heating and the of as follows: heating The of CO II the of the as as the of as follows: The of CO The of Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Advanced Screen NOTE Normal established or the forcing the and the flow as The Force to Clear the The 3095FC options allow the the of the Select If to the DP or the SP, the respective option. the the Correction Factor that the allowing the to to the flow. the correction applied.
Reference AA October allows the RBX and active the selected the and/or the stations, meter-specific and /or station-wide the the the and to the To should when necessary. of the the Active located the NOTE used, and the to the following to the to the to to Select the within the flow to The (U.S.) or the High within the to High The input (U.S.) or The Active field the currently activated. that the below the Select the RBX option. NOTE RBX the to properly On the the 3095FC RBX On Clear the the 3095FC RBX On and Clear and the 3095FC RBX Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October History The History option allows the to and to month the historical The historical to the that to The the (minute-hourly-daily) base. NOTE The reflects the the of the the collected from to The 3095FC historical of historical History") History") Hourly History") History") History The and to of history accessed. AGA3 the first of history flow history and They as follows: Flowing archive type) DP Static or Flowing C or (IMV) or (IV) Flow
Reference AA October History History History and History as Archive that of the following Flow time-weighted Flow time-weighted Flow-weighted Flow-weighted The selected using Rosemount Interface Software. The history using Rosemount Interface Software. the the The selected to the inputs. History includes: of from the Archival of of of of hourly of of Archival of historical and The following that through the History Historical The 3095FC historical each history The Historical the of from the Each history Historical Historical The 3095FC historical to four history that of The four history include DP, SP, flowing and Hourly Historical The 3095FC of of hourly historical every history The Hourly Historical the Normally, the Hourly recorded the of every hour. The consists of the month, hour, and Historical The 3095FC of historical every history The recorded the hour every with that the as the Hourly Each history historical Historical The displays the and the the 24-hour and The historical to Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October The the the of that The the capacity to and to The information that include and clear or and the or ASCII The to within the 3095FC through the This other 3095FC such as and downloads. The history of operation and to functionality to the the allows to the of the recently entry. to the ROM the function Rosemount Interface Software. The operates with overwriting the when the The history of The to recurring from overwriting The the to and to The information that includes type, and the and the previous, and the or ASCII to functionality to the the allows to the of the recently to memory when issued Rosemount Interface Software. The operates fashion with overwriting the when the The history of and The to recurring from overwriting
Reference AA October History The History option allows to the historical Hourly and to The historical to the that to NOTE History the History history the History history that the already History. Select History Select the history to Select History The currently this history appears the to Archive field. NOTE The first history as History; selecting history with History Click the TLP to to type and to archived. Select the to archive. To this history from as the Select the AIN Select the to Click OK. Choose the Select Archive to specify the archive type of the history The archive type affects the to the hourly The flow (such as DP) allow the to four of flow or to the Select The flow, or specified to the based what selected the Select The to counts from input specified the hourly Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Flow This the flow-weighting action with the both of which previously. Select the Selected Archive this appears the of the Choose of the following options to the computed: The the and hour's or as The that the archived something Hour and that of the the Historical and the Hourly and Historical the archived. other the the and the archived Select -The Select to this appears the of the Choose of the following options to the Flow Linear This the the the flow input. It the and commonly This when there flow and straightforward of the to the and hour The specified the Flow Cutoff of the the Flow the Linear this when there flow. the this typically the of each the together and then the This slightly than the Flow Linear This Instead, each flow of the DP measured the and then the of the flow-weighted the of the flow This and hourly that reflective of of high flow. to the to the Hour to the hourly to the
Reference AA October History, History, and from the History from Rosemount Interface Software, and Reports 3095FC, or from History and fashion; the the when the Once selected history displayed, the following options New to the Select History and selection. the history archives to of what to the and allow of the history the the History from the Once the the following options the to of what to the and allow of the the the from the Once the the following options the to of what to the and allow of the the the from the based the Search from the 3095FC. Select History, or From 3095FC. Select the History the Search field (History only). Select, and Select allow the to or History The Search selections the Select the to (History only). The Hourly or and Click Upload. based the Search from Select History, or From Select the and of the following: Select New to the Select History to shown and search. Invert the to This the of the or the to the the Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Collect Select 3095FC Collect to 3095FC to Select the to report(s). This when the with the already 3095FC from which gathered. History Flow (EFM) Reports EFM Reporting Table History Flowing DP (Flow Linear) (Flow (Flow Linear) (Flow SP (Flow Linear) (Flow (Flow Weighted Linear) (Flow Weighted (Flow Linear) (Flow (Flow Weighted Linear) (Flow Weighted (Flow Linear) (Flow (Flow Linear) (Flow Weighted (Flow Linear) (Flow (Flow Weighted Linear) (Flow Flow and the to the or The the directory Files/Rosemount Interface another directory selected. selecting EFM the Collect function the EFM The the The EFM Reports the flow that gathered using the EFM or the option. The function Rosemount Interface Software including the EFM and with The EFM Report function the EFM and with .AGA NOTE EFM Reports created, this selecting >EFM Report. The Rosemount Interface Software the to EFM that the and history associated with the stations and This becomes the To the and history the EFM of and historical archiving. the following history EMF DP SP TMP
Reference AA October Selecting EFM Reports the The with the AGA flow of the 3095FC to or previously collected flow EFM Reports and on-screen reports of the historical Selecting EFM Reports the Rosemount Interface Software to operation and the EFM Reports Utility. The EFM which includes the characteristics of the the 3095FC. The characteristics of Hourly and History, and associated with each measured The included Industry To the EFM Collect and the EFM Report or option History EFM Reporting Once the created, thereafter and with the Rosemount Interface Software necessary. The EFM Reports this covering specified of The choose to the or the NOTE the EFM Reports to the historical the Rosemount Interface Software or 3095FC that flow from memory. Select EFM Reports. Click the EFM to the of the that the .AGA previously created the Collect function History EFM Reporting the and the to the which to the and hourly history, and history records that these included the Click Next. the sections the to included the the arrows to through the selections. Click Next. Select the Subsections to include the the arrows to through the selections. Click Next. Select the and to include the Click The EFM displays. Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October The 3095FC the to using This to with the The 3095FC as Function The LOI, and The the and History Access of the 3095FC The 3095FC and Function and the Rosemount Interface Software. of the Function the 3095FC. Action Read (ON/OFF) of of (ON/OFF) of of Read or holding or Force Force to of ON or OFF. Acknowledge or holding Force Force of to ON or OFF of holding The the basic Select Select the The of ASCII and RTU. the with the of American Information (ASCII) allows of to to characters without causing This allows the to with the of Each character that their The ASCII as characters as the RTU Each character of or and or Stop with or parity. ASCII Checking (LRC)
Reference AA October ASCII RTU Select to to the or Disabled to allow to without Enabled. Select the of or the selection these boxes. This only affects the field of the Function and and only to floating First Selecting this the first. Select EFM to of with EFM This the Hourly and to as floating instead of the and character the history to one-based to and the (MMDDYY) the (HHMM), which include seconds. The field displays the from the Remote Unit (RTU) character and throughput than ASCII the Each transmitted characters. the ASCII each RTU character that their RTU (CRC) RTU ASCII or RTU, the that known and of Function characters characters characters Characters CRLF of Function T1-T2-T3-T4 T1-T2-T3-T4 Least First Selecting this the least first. This the Rosemount 3095FC LRC CRC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October The allows the user to and high floating and and floating numbers. Select the the 3095FC, the of the and the to or the of the input or each I/O scaling, the from the I/O to the the and High the that the and the High that the and NOTE The High and they from to These to the I/O to with I/O transmitted with to to implied) the this field to the and the High
Reference AA October Scaled the the and High when the to floating numbers. that floating numbers, of floating specified. This allows floating such as PID to and the as The 3095FC floating to or of with the Conversion field the Definition The to floating to to the reading of floating High High Reading Reading Reading)/(Float The to to floating High High Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October History Collection The the Hourly and History. to History Access Each and and of the history archives which the The Function and the History Archive to the archived the Hourly and history as selected the field. These the Hourly History and the History These the history archive which To the Hourly and history Function used. The field to the History Archive The Index, Hourly Index, and to history The floating the and of the history archive HHMMSS and MMDDYY) and floating each of the history that History The history the and the of years NOTE with EFM the the HHMM the the History Access The History Archive that or history of the and Historical Archives. Historical contained to of hourly each of its history The the history the History History Access the to the Index the to the Hourly the to the the to the of history the Starting History and History without to each history separately. the Starting History to of history without to each history the Starting History and History The Starting History the first history to the History to of history without to each history separately, the Starting History and History Then History the history to
Reference AA October History Access NOTE The Starting History and History with the Starting History the of the The of history specified the the field. the to archive Hourly or the Conversion field to the type of required, the to the or written to the 3095FC. The to allow instead of floating to and received. Table the function and their associated and Functionality The the and the and The first which the or The of the other to the or the records. The and consists of the shown Table of the the first the immediately the Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Table History, and Functionality Function Index Hourly hourly and records. of records of each). The displayed Table and there acknowledgement that the and the History History Archive floating the and of the to history archive HHMMSS and MMDDYY) and floating each of the history that History Hourly History Archive to The 3095FC the with EFM and history. Function referencing received, to records from first the and then the where the off. The 3095FC records there or the of records collected. The 3095FC the information back to the host, which with Function referencing the indicating that the and that the ready the records. the 3095FC Function referencing of the History or History the of field as the history The the and and historical the specified that Reading The to the the Function and the the Function Table type this the of included to the 3095FC the the and the (YY) really the of years the the year (YY) the would Acknowledging The to acknowledge the Function and the the Function type this the of floating the and of the history archive HHMMSS and MMDDYY) and floating each of the history that History Archive
Reference AA October and of Record of Record of of (HHMMSS; floating (HHMMSS; floating (HHMMSS; floating (HHMMSS; floating Previous of floating (alarmed) of floating of Unused the when transmitted to the Changed to EU I/O Not to the AI Not to the AI Not to other than those Not to I/O Table to Function flow Not to to to High to High High Rate of to Rate Rate Not Set/clear 0=clear) The to with 3095FC received, the searches the function the function with the first to the If match found, builds based the type and the If match located, The user as as matches the Starting the or that the Information The Function type the and the Historical Archives. The Hourly History and the History Index to the The History which or history The Starting History field the Starting History the History while the History the history to included the History Archive history the Starting History and the History included the History The of History of choices: Hourly or The Conversion to the history the Conversion the and Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October should as as they assigned to or located If within the function the first used. to the from the to the when using to of to Functions and to thirty Function 3A and 3B. the meaning the Starting of greater than the of the created Function or to the of bytes. This type of allows to its with to Function and Function and the specified should type, preferably used), this function the within the function operation. If the first used. allow the to to 3095FC and (TLP) numbers. One the to than using Indexing or Indexing. Indexing that the to the selected TLP. through the to the type and and as the Indexing that the to the selected TLP. through the to the type and and the Once mapped, referenced the type of the TLP the Function If the 3095FC type the of the to to the type. The user to the apply to 3095FC or selected only. the following to the Select the Function to which the to There function each to Function displayed the Function field. to of Function Function to characters to distinguish the
Reference AA October Table Function N/A N/A DP, P, Flow Starting with Flow Rate/Day, with Flow Starting with Flow with Uncorrected Accumulated Starting with Atmospheric with N/A N/A DP, P, Flow Starting with Flow Rate/Day, with Flow Starting with Flow with Uncorrected Starting with Atmospheric with N/A Starting with ID, with Flow Cutoff Starting with (s) Indexing Conversion Starting to the first the from to as as they Function The should from to the the Starting through The Starting and the the through and would the the and through Specify that the the location of The this computed by: (Starting of The the type of associated with (Starting through the of numbers, the Function the what to and which (Starting through The Rosemount Interface Software what collected or which Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October CUR TP (Tf Select the type of Indexing to the of the or the without to each Select to the as If (Starting and each to the of the to or of the (Character, and the of the types. the TLP to Specify the type of Conversion required, the to the or written to the 3095FC. The to allow to transmitted and instead of floating Table the Convert with the Conversion Function and Indexing the of: AIN, EU four and that to of (AIN) (EU) the the forth location, first EU of AIN location EU of AIN location EU of AIN location EU of AIN location Indexing the of: Starting AGANEW1, CUR DP three and that to of AGA CUR DP. CUR DP CUR SP Select to the as If (Starting and each to the of the Indexing Conversion Indexing Conversion
Reference AA October Conversion Conversion the that to Select the Conversion field, the or History to specify the type of the to the or written to the 3095FC. The to account the and Table the Convert used. Conversion to allows four-byte IEEE floating to or with the to that of that the the of and that the of the of Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Table Conversion Convert Conversion to The to floating to to the host. The of the Convert which to floating to the to to to to to to to Conversion to The to to floating The of the Convert which floating to the If through from to that closely fits the of to converted, such as to instead of to to to to to to to to to Conversion Character to The Character to character type to to the host. to Character The to Character to character type. to The to type to to the host. to The to to type. to Scaling The to floating type to to the host. to Scaling The to to floating type. to Scaling The to type to to the host. to Scaling The to to floating type to Scaling The to floating type to to the host. to Scaling The to transmitted to floating type. to to Character transmitted floating to character type. to The to transmitted floating to type. to The to floating to type. Conversion Function Definition
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Convert Deadband, The to the to to the host. The of the Convert Deadband, which floating to the Deadband, Deadband, Deadband, Deadband, to Conversion IEEE Floating and this floating to allow to transmitted. the as Coded of the field the IEEE Floating IEEE Floating and and This to allow to the as of the field the IEEE Floating IEEE Floating and and This floating to allow to transmitted. the as of the field the IEEE Floating IEEE Floating and and This floating to allow to the as of the field the IEEE Floating IEEE Floating Convert and the IEEE floating as four with the Function Function the as Function of the field the IEEE to Conversion Function Definition
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October CUSTOM DISPLAYS This section the Custom option. The Custom option allows the creation of displays, from and flow and I/O options located the The 3095FC displays to New created while connected to the 3095FC and then to or to memory the 3095FC. The incorporate as as other information to conveyed. One graphical of the that 3095FC and the following instructions to Select New. If the appear, the from the the of the the field. Select to or the Selection Disabled, the What You What You (WYSIWYG) and the selects the TLP to the where the to appear. Right-click the and NOTE the and them or the the The items the the created and anywhere the Option buttons should within edited creating to to the to located the PC or the of the or the The .DSP Enabled, selecting TLP, the (L) from the selection those that the (T) match the this to Once and the to other Text selection Option to input to selection.
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October creating the to: Press the to the as appear the Stop Scan, and buttons the of the to the following this to TLP information with the reading from the 3095FC. The Reading appears the Apply to which to three seconds. Stop Scan currently selected Character the Character currently selected building the This and Character character supported: and characters, and of graphical characters. TLP from the Rosemount Interface Software or 3095FC. To the TLP first the to as flow input highlighting Next, the that the might AIN Finally, the to typically If the this the to located the PC. If the already this the back to where The .DSP to the specified to Displays the to to or to internal or The to the of the the selected with option to NOTE the or to the buttons. and when creating Displays. located the PC or the To Click and to Click to to or to memory. Click To Rosemount Interface Software or To If To Rosemount Interface Software selected, or If To selected, the of the or the The .DSP
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Section OVERVIEW Once and to the 3095FC to the of the The following section the the 3095FC and the I/O. Once the 3095FC operation. CALIBRATE 3095FC the Rosemount Interface Software to as follows: www.rosemount.com NOTE the or of the 3095FC through its LOI Performance of these procedures or property the Rosemount Interface Software and to the 3095FC. the The reading displays each input as the The 3095FC these the flow while the Click If necessary, the from the the by-pass the to isolating the from the (to the This of the from subjected to high while the other applied. This when DP or SP. To the input, the and the to the To the input, the RTD and (or to the RTD terminals of the 3095FC. Click the input to DP, SP, or This displays the
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Removing the from Service Apply the input, this would typically to atmosphere. the the of the SP the atmospheric NOTE Apply to both the high and of the when SP. the displayed Reading to the reading. The then appears Apply the high to the input (the top of the expected operating the the field of the the Reading to the high reading. The to the To to To apply the or and the the field. the Reading to the reading. The to the To three-point to To apply the or and the the field. the Reading to this reading. The to the To to To third apply the or and the the field. SP the atmospheric such as High Shutdown
Reference AA October Returning the to Service (AI) Select AI to the the Reading to the reading. The to the the selected another input or the If the to service. NOTE NOT the by-pass the reapplied, to the This of the from subjected to high while the other applied. NOTE: If the DP input, to completing the Finally, to the to and readings the flow The records that NOTE from the the AI The displays the from the AI when the pressed. the to the AI to The that displays. Not of the following apply to each to the lowest A/D input, the highest A/D input. EU to The Units converted from the based the Reading EU and High Reading EU the EU the EU the and the Rosemount 3095FC Shutdown
Reference AA October AI Screen Press the as offset to the EU to the SP DP that atmospheric EU the specified the that EU the Reading the that The field shows the inactivity count-down seconds from seconds) that occurred the the countdown reached time-out causing the to indicates: NOTE the Read-Only which currently Previous Stop Inactive Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October The which Report. the to The the and located the directory Files/Rosemount Interface directory the directory location when the created. Click Select to the input NOTE the from/to to follow To or the by-pass (to with or operating SP from the to the This the to both of the DP to DP reading. the following the Rosemount Interface Software to the 3095FC and the Select the Press input, to the Reading to correction required. If the reading to the and If the reading Click to the and the to readings the flow Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October VERIFY CALIBRATION Rosemount Interface Software the to the To the following the Rosemount Interface Software. the 3095FC. Select the Click This the The reading displays each input as the The 3095FC these the while the NOTE the by-pass the to the from the process, to the This of the from subjected to high while the other applied. This when DP or SP. While the apply the to the input. NOTE Apply to both the high and of the when SP. Click the input to calibrated. To the and the Reading to the as of the Click to the 3095FC back to the process. NOTE NOT the by-pass the reapplied, to the This of the from subjected to high while the other applied. Click to the to the and to using readings the Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Section Troubleshooting and BACKUP CONFIGURATION INFORMATION www.rosemount.com Information Communication the 3095FC the the Plate The following troubleshooting: PC Rosemount Interface Software to the 3095FC repairs, troubleshooting, or or This the flow PC and RAM. NOTE that such areas. the only known to Performing these or property To when the such as wearing grounded wrist the Rosemount Interface Software. the memory Click Memory This including the of the and Collect Click OK to hourly and Specify the and path. the history Select the the Click The the directory Files/Rosemount/Rosemount Interface the directory
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October COMMUNICATION Several ERRORS If the Direct the to establish to the 3095FC. The Tree option allows the to the time-out and other when establishing to the PC. Rosemount Interface Software too and the timeout this back Rosemount Interface Software using Direct or the Tree and each who to 3095FC the 3095FC security options located the 3095FC Communication The PC options to If currently active, 3095FC Directory from the or Select the Station of the 3095FC Right-mouse and the 3095FC and 3095FC of the 3095FC with which established. If through the LOI of the the 3095FC to and to which the Click the Advanced increasing the and/or Click Apply, and then OK. Click the and If increasing the of field the Advanced Emerson Select to which displays the and from the 3095FC operation. shown shown red. Right-click the to Copy highlighted Clear or Unselect.
Reference AA October RESETTING THE 3095FC If that appear to software related, with Cold or The the Rosemount Interface Software The includes the Communication Ports, and I/O. It the of Cold The the Rosemount Interface Software Cold The includes the Communication Ports, I/O, and restoring the there It includes or clearing other items, based the selection the The located the LCD or the Battery Charger to type of The to known operating It includes the Communication to the factory the Rosemount Interface Software. the PC to the 3095FC. Information 3095FC Click Apply to the change. the Rosemount Interface Software. the PC to the 3095FC. Information Select 3095FC Click Cold Apply to the The include of the clearing options Cold Rosemount Interface Software. NOTE: This type of the to the factory Therefore, back the Information Unscrew the front cover (LCD the (located the LCD or the Battery Charger J2) the the the and the (NORM) the front cover (LCD the The the factory the Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October AFTER INSTALLING to the 3095FC and as the following to the 3095FC and the COMPONENTS NOTE input and restoring property that such areas. the known to Performing these procedures or property to the 3095FC the CHG+ CHG- Rosemount Interface Software, and to the 3095FC. that the correct. If the items. If or the to reloaded, the Select From the the the of the to Click Download to the Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October REPLACING THE The three Amp-hours of BATTERIES CHANGING THE PLATE The Plate option allows the to the of NOTE that such areas. the known to Performing these procedures or property To when the such as wearing grounded wrist To the Unscrew the front cover. the LCD the (located J1 the Battery Charger Board) the OFF the four screws from the Battery Charger Board. the from the Battery Charger to the Backplane the Battery Charger the Battery Charger Board. the from the Backplane to the Battery Charger Board. the four screws from the Charger Board. the LCD the the ON the front cover. Select Plate from the to plate Select the plate flowing Click non-flowing selecting the ID, If the Plate flowing the shows the of each input of while the I/O the The to active clicking OK the Plate the the or the Click Apply to the creating the and the flow using the Click OK. Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA October Rosemount 3095FC
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Specifications and Reference SPECIFICATIONS Functional Service Specifications or www.rosemount.com Specifications A-1 A-7 Information A-9 A-11 A-11 input or RTD to to to to to to to to C: to to D: to to to the with of Static within of and the URL of the
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October A-2 operates of charging included) battery: rechargeable, input: to charging input: RS-485 half-duplex RS-485 MODBUS with and Terminations RS-485 terminations EIA-485. If non-latched the Interface: EIA-232 (RS-232C) to RS-485 RS-232 Rosemount Interface Software and PC MB of RAM or Microsoft or higher operating CD-ROM atmospheric and to F to C) to F to C). F C) the to F to C) with to F to C) to F to C) with to F to C)
Reference AA October Performance reference SST isolating and to the Specifications Turn-on within than seconds to Clock Year /month hour Battery Card EIA-232D Card EIA-232 of to Rate from to Format Asynchronous, or (software with Parity or (software to to allowed) to O(00,025 to allowed) (including Linearity, Repeatability) of from to URL than Effect F C) URL from to URL from to Static Effects of URL of reading URL years F C) and to (AP)(GP) C to to allowed) URL of Rosemount 3095FC A-3
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Physical Specifications NPT NPT, CM PG-13.5 A-4 to to allowed) (including Linearity, Repeatability) of from to of URL than URL of Effect F C) URL of from to URL of from to URL years F C) and to (RTD) the only. caused the RTD included. The with PT100 RTD conforming to IEC Class B, which of C and of include the Rosemount and RTD to F to C) (including Linearity, Repeatability) F C) Effects F C) F C) from to F to 100C) F C) RTD RTD IEC-751 Class NPT RTD: RTD information) Battery
Reference AA October 316L SST or C SST or C Plated SST, or C TFE Housing Plated ASTM A449, or SST only) Polyurethane LCD SST Mounting Bracket Battery Battery Rosemount 3095FC 3095FC A-5
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Memory Specifications Memory MB EPROM Flow Specifications Flow Computed with ANSI/API (AGA API (AGA and API I, II. A-6 Memory RAM Memory EPROM Archival of of hourly of Memory
Reference AA October DIMENSIONAL DRAWINGS Assembly (optional) Optional Clearance to cover NPT inches 3095FC with Assembly inches 3095FC Rosemount 3095FC A-7
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Mount Mount A-8 Mounting 3095FC inches NPT Block 3095/3095J04E, 3095J04F, 3095J04G
Reference AA October ORDERING INFORMATION Not 3095FB 3095FC Product 3095F RS-485 C Flow and RS-485 to to to to to to to to C to to to to 316L (SST) C-276 316L SST C CS SST C C Option S3 or S5) SST SST C C Option S3 or S5) TFE (RTD RTD RTD with of RTD with of RTD with of Armored, RTD with of Armored, RTD with of RTD with of Armored, RTD with of CENELEC Flameproof RTD with of CENELEC Flameproof C RTD with of CENELEC Flameproof Housing Entry NPT Polyurethane-covered NPT Polyurethane-covered Polyurethane-covered M20 (CM20) C Polyurethane-covered PG NPT SST SST M20 (CM20) SST PG Rosemount 3095FC A-9
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Block With Protection C CE MARK with EMC Protection Included LCD Bracket Coplanar SST Bracket or Mount, SST Traditional Bracket CS Traditional Bracket CS Traditional Bracket Mounting, CS Traditional Bracket SST Traditional Bracket SST Traditional Bracket Mounting, SST SST Traditional Bracket Mounting, SST SST Traditional Bracket SST SST S5) Product Factory (FM) Explosion-Proof C Associate (CSA) ATEX Flame-proof Association (CSA) U.S. and Explosion-Proof (EMS) MODBUS C Flow with and MODBUS S5 to C1 Custom Flow completed A3 with Assembly: includes P1 Testing P2 Cleaning Services Q4 Q8 Traceability EN 3.1B DF NPT C A1 Additional RS-232 Communication A2 with Typical 3095F of Construction NACE MR apply to with C or 3095FC. selection. A-10 Not 3095FB 3095FC
Reference AA October OPTIONS otherwise specified, the shipped as follows: Custom If Option C1 the user-specified information the 3095F (Option C1) to the factory and each each each and Unspecified the factory ACCESSORIES Rosemount Interface Software The Rosemount Interface Software with or without the and connecting separately. RTU type: Specified option option option option Flow Factory Software Three options SST wired to the character height characters permanently character height characters memory. Software specified Software specified. Optional The Rosemount 3095FC with 305RC (or 305AC, 305BC) assembled, calibrated, and tested the factory. to PDS information. or higher 3095FC Interface SoftwareSingle PC and Interface SoftwareSingle PC Interface Software foot Rosemount 3095FC A-11
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October A-12
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Product APPROVED MANUFACTURING LOCATIONS EUROPEAN DIRECTIVE The EC of conformity this found the Rosemount www.rosemount.com. INFORMATION obtained contacting office. HAZARDOUS LOCATIONS CERTIFICATIONS www.rosemount.com Locations B-1 Directive Information B-1 Locations B-1 Rosemount Inc. USA ATEX Directive (94/9/EC) Emerson with the ATEX Directive. Directive (PED) (97/23/EC) 3095F_2/3,4/D Flow QS of EC PED-H-20 Conformity other Sound Sound (EMC) (89/336/EEC) 3095F Flow EN EN EN North American A, B, C, and D. Rosemount Association (CSA) Explosion-Proof Class I, C and D. Optional option: Explosion-Proof Class I, A, B, C, D, and T3. CSA
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October B-2
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March C Rosemount Interface Software OVERVIEW To the 3095FC, with the of the The and each associated and POINT TYPE PARAMETER DEFINITIONS Table C-1. www.rosemount.com C-1 Definitions C-1 of each of the through Table through Table that the each type and the associated with the Read-Write Indicates the and written to (R/W) or the read-only (R/O). Table C-1 the found the INT of follows or N/A Not UINT of follows or The of the indicated this of each this Definition AC ASCII character of or characters) character BIN FLP Floating IEEE Format TLP ype, or and
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March Information Table the the found the 3095FC. The this of and and TLP). the C-2. Read-Write R/W FLP Revision R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP C-2 and to and write directly without specifying the or and to and write the and include the
Reference AA March Read-Write R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP The the of this section the each of the Table C-3. R/W AC TAG R/W AC Units UNITS R/W UINT Scan SCANPR R/W UINT FILTER R/W INT A/D MINRAW R/W INT A/D MAXRAW R/W FLP Reading EU MINEU R/W FLP High Reading EU MAXEU R/W FLP EU LOAL R/W FLP High EU HIAL R/W FLP EU LOLOAL R/W FLP EU HIHIAL R/W FLP Rate EU RATEAL R/W FLP ALDBND R/W FLP EU R/W BIN Normal Scan Scan RBX Disabled Active RBX Clear Active Used Not Used EU EU to EU Read- Rosemount 3095FC BIN C-3
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March R/O BIN Not Used Rate High High High R/O INT A/D CURRAW R/O UINT Scan SCAN R/W FLP EU FAULTVAL Table C-4. AGA Flow R/W AC TAG R/W FLP LAT R/W FLP ELAVTN R/W BIN Normal RBX Active RBX Clear Active ALM Disabled US or US Units Units AGA3 Flow AGA3 AGA8 C-4 Read- Read- ALARM METHOD
Reference AA March R/W BIN AGA Heating Acceleration Heating Capacity Heating Static Static Press Static Downstream Static Press R/W FLP SPGR R/W FLP Heating GASHV R/W FLP Correction GRAVIT R/O UINT Scan SCANPR R/W FLP PIPDIA R/W FLP ORFDIA R/W FLP Measured (Reference) TMEAS R/W UINT OR_MAT R/W AC DESC R/O BIN Flow High and Not Used R/W FLP EU Flow LOAL R/W FLP High EU Flow HIAL R/W FLP VISCOS R/W FLP Heat Ratio SPHTRA R/W FLP BASEPR R/W FLP BASETP R/W FLP Cutoff MINDP R/W FLP Correction Factor FPWL R/W FLP NITROG R/W FLP CO CARBDI R/W FLP HYDSUL R/W FLP Water WATER R/W FLP HELIUM R/W FLP CH METHAN R/W FLP C Ethane ETHANE R/W FLP C PROPAN R/W FLP C NBUTAN Read- Rosemount 3095FC OPTION ALARM C-5
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March R/W FLP C IBUTAN R/W FLP C NPENTA R/W FLP C IPENTA R/W FLP C n-Hexane NHEXAN R/W FLP C NHEPTA R/W FLP C NOCTAN R/W FLP C NNONAN R/W FLP C NDECAN R/W FLP OXYGEN R/W FLP CO CARBMO R/W FLP HYDROG R/W UINT Units MCF MMBTU CCF MBTU MCF MMMBTU R/W UINT DPSTEN R/W TLP LO_TYP R/W TLP DP_TYP R/W TLP Static FP_TYP R/W TLP Tf TP-TYP R/W FLP LODPSP R/W FLP High HIDPSP R/W FLP CURDP R/W FLP Static Flowing CURFP R/W FLP Flowing Tf CURMP Table C-5. History R/O TLP TLP TAG R/O TLP History HST#1 R/O UINT ARCH1 R/O UINT or Rate AVG#1 R/O TLP TLP TAG#2 R/O TLP History HIST#2 R/O UINT Archive ARCH2 R/O UINT or Rate AVG#2 R/O TLP TLP TAG#3 R/O TLP History HIST#3 R/O UINT ARCH3 R/O UINT or Rate AVG#3 R/O TLP TLP TAG#4 R/O TLP History HIST#4 R/O UINT ARCH4 R/O UINT or Rate AVG#4 R/O TLP TLP TAG#5 R/O TLP History HIST#5 R/O UINT ARCH5 R/O UINT or Rate AVG#5 R/O TLP TLP TAG#6 R/O TLP History HIST#6 C-6 Read- Read- FLOUNITS
Reference AA March R/O UINT ARCH6 R/O UINT or Rate AVG#6 R/O TLP TLP TAG#7 R/O TLP History HIST#7 R/O UINT Archive ARCH7 R/O UINT or Rate AVG#7 R/O TLP TLP TAG8 R/O TLP History HIST#8 R/O UINT ARCH R/O UINT or Rate AVG#8 R/O TLP TLP TAG#9 R/W TLP History HIST#9 R/W UINT ARCH9 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#9 R/O TLP TLP TAG#10 R/W TLP History HIST#10 R/W UINT Archive ARCH10 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#10 R/O TLP TLP TAG#11 R/W TLP History HIST#11 R/W UINT ARCH11 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#11 R/O TLP TLP TAG#12 R/W TLP History HIST#12 R/W UINT ARCH12 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#12 R/O TLP TLP TAG#13 R/W TLP History HIST#13 R/W UINT ARCH13 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#13 R/O TLP TLP TAG#14 R/W TLP History HIST#14 R/W UINT ARCH14 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#14 R/O TLP TLP TAG#15 R/W TLP History HIST#15 R/W UINT ARCH15 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#15 Table C-6. AGA Flow R/O FLP or CURDP R/O FLP Static Flowing or CURFP R/O FLP Tf Flowing (F or C) CURTMP R/O FLP Flow (Flow or R/O FLP ENERGY or Flow MCF or R/O FLP TDYFLO R/O FLP MMBTU or GJ TDYENG Read- Read- Rosemount 3095FC CURFLO C-7
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March Flow MCF or R/O FLP YDYFLO R/O FLP MMBTU or GJ YDYENG R/O FLP HWPF R/O FLP IMV C (C') IMV AGA3 R/O FLP SAMPLE R/O FLP Factor (Y) EXPFTR R/O FLP AGA FR R/O FLP FTF R/O FLP FPV R/O FLP FGR R/O FLP AGA of FB R/O FLP FPB R/O FLP FTB R/O FLP AGA FA AGA Table C-7. Clock R/W UINT Seconds SECOND R/W UINT MINUTE R/W UINT Hours HOUR R/W UINT DAY R/W UINT Month MONTH R/W UINT Year YEAR R/O UINT LEAPYR R/O UINT of DAYOWK R/O UNIT Seconds, Month, and TIME R/W UINT Century CENT R/W UINT Daylight DLSTEN Table C-8. R/W UINT CRC CRCCHK R/W UINT to Not Used Lowest On R/W UINT FLAG2 R/W UINT FLAG3 R/W UINT FST Clear FLAG4 R/W UINT COM1 R/W UINT COM2 COM2EN R/W UINT USRCEN R/W UINT RTS Interface (LOI) RTSROI R/W UINT RTS RTSCM1 C-8 Read- Read- Read- FLAG1 COM1EN
Reference AA March R/W UINT RTS RTSCM2 R/W UINT Clear Memory CLREEP R/W UINT I/O Scan IOSCAN R/W UINT On AUX2 R/W UINT On AUX1 R/W UINT Cold from and clear and clear ROC displays and clear and clear history and clear of R/W UINT WARM R/W UINT Read I/O IOREAD R/W UINT to Memory WRITE R/W UINT Memory Complete COMPLT R/W UINT and History and with FlashPAC) R/W UINT LOI Security On LOISEC R/W UINT Security On COM1SEC R/W UINT Security On COM2SEC R/W UINT Termination Installed: I/O DI, DO, AI, AO I/O I/O I/O I/O I/O I/O R/W UINT Through Through. LOI to COM1 COM1 to LOI LOI to COM2 COM2 to LOI COM1 to COM2 COM2 to COM1 R/W UINT I/O AI1 DI1 AI2 DI2 AO DO1 PI1 DI3 PI2 DI4 and Used R/W UINT FLAG27 R/W UINT FLAGE28 R/W UINT FLAG29 Read- Rosemount 3095FC COLD EVTFLAG FLAG24 FLAG25 FLAGE26 C-9
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March Table C-9. Communication R/W AC TAG R/W UINT Rate BAUD R/W UINT Stop SBITS R/W UINT DBITS R/W UINT Parity: R/O BIN through Not Used RBX RBX Inactive RBX Active this Comm Cards R/W BIN and Not Used RTS CTS Key-On RBX RBX Disabled RBX Not Used R/W UINT On KEY R/W UINT Turnaround TURN R/W UINT Optional Interface through Not Used EIA-232 (RS-232) R/W UINT Retry XKEYON R/O UINT ALMPTR R/O UINT Counter Copy COPY R/O UINT Retry Counter RCNTR R/W UINT Counter VALRCV R/O UINT MDMSTS R/W UINT MDMTYP R/W FLP CONNTM R/W AC Command CFGCMD R/W AC Command CONNCMD C-10 Read- PARITY STATUS MODE RCOUNT
Reference AA March R/W FLP Disconnect DISCTM R/W FLP Inactivity INACTM R/W FLP RBX RBXTB#1 R/W UINT RBX Retry Count RBXRC#1 R/W FLP RBX RBXTB#2 R/W UINT RBX Retry Count RBXRC#2 R/W FLP RBX RBXTB#3 R/W UINT RBX Retry Count RBXRC#4 R/W UINT RBX RBXADR R/W UINT RBX RBXGRP R/W UINT and (Not Used SFADR#1 R/W UINT and (Not Used SFG#1 R/W UINT and (Not Used SFADR#2 R/W UINT and Used SFG#2 R/W UINT and (Not Used SFADR#3 R/W UINT and (Not Used SFG#4 C-10. Information) R/W UINT ROCADR R/W UINT ROCGRP R/W AC Station STNNAME R/W UINT Active #PIDS R/W UINT Active AGA #AGAS R/W UINT Not FSTINST R/W UINT of History #RAM0 R/W UINT of History #RAM1 R/W UINT of RAM2 #RAM2 R/W UINT Force of FORCE R/W UINT Hour CONTRC R/O AC VERSION R/O AC VENDORID R/O AC Created CREATETM R/O AC ROM ROMSN R/O AC Customer CUSTNAME R/O UINT MAXPIDS R/O UINT AGA MAXAGAS R/O UINT MAXTANKS R/O UINT MAXFSTS R/O BIN RAM Memory Assignments: E0000-FFFFF C0000-DFFFF A0000-BFFFF 80000-9FFFF 60000-7FFFF 40000-5FFFF 20000-3FFFF 00000-1FFFF Read- Read- Rosemount 3095FC RAM C-11
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March R/O BIN ROM Memory Assignments: E0000-FFFFF C0000-DFFFF A0000-BFFFF 80000-9FFFF 60000-7FFFF 40000-5FFFF 20000-3FFFF 00000-1FFFF R/O FLP MPU Loading MPU R/O BIN Industry Unit Not Used Not Used COM2 COM1 Allowed LCD AGA archived R/O UINT of ROCTYPE Rosemount R/W UINT Units English Table C-11. Soft R/W AC TAG R/W UINT INT1 R/W FLP DATA1 R/W FLP DATA2 R/W FLP DATA3 R/W FLP DATA4 R/W FLP DATA5 R/W FLP DATA6 R/W FLP DATA7 R/W FLP DATA8 R/W FLP DATA9 R/W FLP DATA10 R/W FLP DATA11 R/W FLP DATA12 R/W FLP DATA13 R/W FLP DATA14 R/W FLP DATA15 R/W FLP DATA16 R/W FLP DATA17 R/W FLP DATA18 R/W FLP DATA19 R/W FLP DATA20 C-12 Read- Read- ROM UTIL UNITS
Reference AA March Table C-12. R/O FLP to TAGPNTR R/O UINT ARCHTYPE R/O UINT TYPE R/O UINT LOGICAL R/O UINT PARAM R/O FLP YDYTOTAL C-13. R/W AC TAG R/W FLP Atmospheric ATMPRS R/W BIN II: through Not Used BTU or BTU as BTU or BTU BTU or Atmospheric AGA II R/O TLP Not Used PIPEREFT R/W FLP Reference AGA1992 PIPEMAT R/W UINT AGA1992: SS R/O UINT Not Used FR R/O FLP AGA FY R/O FLP AGA FPB AGA R/O FLP Factor R/O FLP Factor FPB R/O FLP Factor FTB R/O FLP Factor FTF R/O FLP Factor FGR R/O FLP Factor FPV NOTE to history and Read- Read- Rosemount 3095FC METHOD FB FTB C-13
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March R/W UINT History HISTPT1 R/W UINT ROLLUP1 R/W TLP TLP TLP1 R/W FLP Conversion CONV1 R/W UINT History HISTPT2 R/W UINT ROLLUP2 R/W TLP TLP TLP2 R/W FLP Conversion CONV2 R/W UINT History HISTPT3 R/W UINT ROLLUP3 R/W TLP TLP TLP3 R/W FLP Conversion CONV3 R/W UINT History HISTPT4 R/W UINT ROLLUP4 R/W TLP TLP TLP4 R/W FLP Conversion CONV4 R/W UINT History HISTPT5 R/W UINT ROLLUP5 R/W TLP TLP TLP5 R/W FLP Conversion CONV5 R/W UINT History HISTPT6 R/W UINT ROLLUP6 R/W TLP TLP TLP6 R/W FLP Conversion CONV6 R/W UINT History HISTPT7 R/W UINT ROLLUP7 R/W TLP TLP TLP7 R/W FLP Conversion CONV7 R/W UINT History HISTPT8 R/W UINT ROLLUP8 R/W TLP TLP TLP8 R/W FLP Conversion CONV8 R/W UINT History HISTPT9 R/W UINT ROLLUP9 R/W TLP TLP TLP9 R/W FLP Conversion CONV9 R/W UINT History HISTPT10 R/W UINT ROLLUP10 R/W TLP TLP TLP10 R/W FLP Conversion CONV10 C-14 Read-
Reference AA March Table C-14. R/W AC TAG Flow MCF R/W FLP FLOTDY Flow MCF R/W FLP FLODY Flow Month MCF R/W FLP FLOMTH Flow Previous Month MCF R/W FLP FLOPRV Flow MCF R/W FLP FLOACC R/W FLP MINTDY R/W FLP MINYDY R/W FLP Month MINMTH R/W FLP Previous Month MINPRV R/W FLP MINACC R/W FLP MMBTU (GJ) ENGTDY R/W FLP MMBTU (GJ) ENGYDY R/W FLP Month MMBTU (GJ) ENGMTH R/W FLP Previous Month MMBTU (GJ) ENGPRV R/W FLP MMBTU (GJ) ENGACC Uncorrected MCF R/W FLP UCCTDY Uncorrected MCF R/W FLP UCCYDY Uncorrected Month MCF R/W FLP UCCMTH Uncorrected Previous Month MCF R/W FLP UCCPRV Uncorrected MCF R/W FLP UCCACC R/O FLP Plate Bore ORIF_D R/O FLP PIPE_D R/O FLP Ratio BETA R/O FLP (Velocity of approach) AGA EV R/O FLP of AGA CDISCH R/O FLP REYNLD R/O FLP Static U_PRSR R/O FLP MLWGHT C-15. R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text R/W AC Text Read- Read- Rosemount 3095FC C-15
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP R/W TLP Table C-16. R/W AC TAG R/O INT off R/W INT R/W INT RX VALRX R/W INT STTM1 R/W INT STTM2 R/W INT STTM3 R/W INT On ONTM1 R/W INT On ONTM2 R/W INT On ONTM3 R/W INT OFFTM1 R/W INT OFFTM2 R/W INT OFFTM3 R/W INT Active AZONE R/W INT HLDTM R/O INT PWRTMR R/W INT LOGDO R/W FLP Battery LOBAT R/W UINT On Counter ONCNT R/W UINT Counter OFFCNT C-16 Read- Read- STATUS ENABLE
Reference AA March C-17. and R/W BIN through Not Used Thermal Factor and of Water and of and and of of and and of Static of and and of Mercury and of R/W FLP of Mercury AMBTMP R/W FLP of Mercury when MTPCAL R/W FLP CALWGT R/W FLP Water when WTPCAL R/W FLP when ATPCAL R/W FLP Correction Factor CORFAC R/W UINT SPLENA R/W FLP VOLACC R/W FLP Duration SPLDUR Table C-18. Read- Either or both. If both cleared and used. Rosemount 3095FC OPTION C-17
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March R/W AC TAG R/W AC DESC R/W BIN Normal AGA ISO RBX RBX RBX RBX Clear RBX Clear RBX Clear Units of English Units Units AGA AGA8 R/W BIN II: Not Used Quality (Not Heating Heating as Heating Heating Heating Atmospheric Press Atmospheric Atmospheric AGA8 II AGA AGA8 ISO AGA8 C-18 Read- CMTHI CMTHII
Reference AA March R/W BIN Not Heating Heating Heating Heating Heating Heating Press Static Static Press Downstream Static Static Acceleration Press R/W UINT Hour CTHOUR R/W FLP IMP R/W FLP or PIPDIA R/W FLP Reference AGA PIPERT R/W UINT AGA SS R/W FLP (inches or ORFDIA R/W FLP Reference TMEAS R/W UINT SS R/W FLP or or PBASE R/W FLP or or C) TBASE R/W FLP Atmospheric or ATMPRS R/W FLP SPGR R/W FLP Heating GASHV R/W FLP Viscosity (lbm/ft-sec or VISCOS R/W FLP Heat Ratio SPHTRA R/W FLP or ELEVAT R/W FLP LATUDE Acceleration (ft/sec or R/W FLP GRAVIT R/W FLP NITROG R/W FLP CO CARBDI R/W FLP HYDSUL R/W FLP Water WATER R/W FLP HELIUM R/W FLP CH METHAN R/W FLP C Ethane ETHANE R/W FLP C PROPAN R/W FLP C NBUTAN Read- Rosemount 3095FC AGACFG ALPH ORMAT C-19
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March R/W FLP C IBUTAN R/W FLP C NPENTA R/W FLP C IPENTA R/W FLP C NHEXAN R/W FLP C NHEPTA R/W FLP C NOCTAN R/W FLP C NNONAN R/W FLP C NDECAN R/W FLP OXYGEN R/W FLP CO CARBMO R/W FLP HYDROG R/W FLP Cutoff LOFLOW R/W FLP High LODPSP R/W FLP HIDPSP R/W UINT STDPEN R/W TLP TLP LO_TYP R/W TLP TLP DP_TYP R/W TLP TLP FP_TYP R/W TLP Tf TLP TP_TYP R/W FLP CURDP R/W FLP Flowing CURSP R/W FLP Tf Flowing or C) CURTP R/O BIN Flow Flow Rate Discrepancy Counts Discrepancy Not Used High Not Used Flow or R/W FLP LOALM High Flow or R/W FLP HIALM R/W UINT AVGTYP R/W UINT FUCALL C-20 Read- ALARM
Reference AA March Table C-19. Flow Flow (MCF or R/O FLP FLOWDY R/O FLP (MMBTU or ENGDAY R/O FLP Flow hour (CF or M3) FLOWHR R/O FLP hour (BTU or ENGHR R/O FLP HWPF R/O FLP Factor EXPFTR R/O FLP AGA FR R/O FLP AGA and R/O FLP FPB R/O FLP FTB R/O FLP FTF R/O FLP FGR R/O FLP FPV R/O FLP AGA FA R/O FLP ZB R/O FLP AGA ZF R/O FLP IMV AGA IMV R/O FLP Plate Bore (inches or BORIDA R/O FLP (D) (inches or TUBDIA R/O FLP Ratio BETA R/O FLP Velocity of Approach AGA VELAPP R/O FLP AVGDP R/O FLP IMV AVGAP R/O FLP Tf IMV AVGTP R/O FLP DENS R/O FLP BASDEN R/O FLP REYNLD R/O FLP Static (PSIG, or UPSPR R/O FLP MOLWGT R/O FLP FAM R/O FLP FWT R/O FLP FWL R/O FLP (Static) FPWLSP R/O FLP FPWLDP R/O FLP FHGM R/O FLP FHGT Flow (MCF or R/O FLP FLOTDY Flow (MCF or R/O FLP FLOOYDY Flow Month (MCF or R/O FLP FLOMTH Flow Previous Month (MCF or R/O FLP FLOPRV Flow (MCF or R/O FLP FLOACC R/O FLP MINTDY R/O FLP MINYDY R/O FLP Month MINMTH R/O FLP Previous Month MINPRV R/O FLP MINACC R/O FLP (MMBTU or ENGTDY R/O FLP (MMBTU or ENGYDY R/O FLP Month (MMBTU or ENGMTH R/O FLP Previous Month (MMBTU or ENGPRV Read- Rosemount 3095FC FB C-21
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March R/O FLP (MMBTU or ENGACC Uncorrected (MCF or R/O FLP UCCTDY Uncorrected (MCF or R/O FLP UCCYDY Uncorrected Month (MCF or R/O FLP UCCMTH Uncorrected Previous Month (MCF or R/O FLP UCCPRV Uncorrected (MCF or R/O FLP UCCACC R/O UINT PACALC C-20. R/W BIN through Not Used with EFM Least (LSB) (MSB) to RTU ASCII R/O UINT STATUS R/W INT High HIGHINT R/W INT LOINT R/W FLP High HFLT1 R/W FLP LFLT1 R/W FLP High HFLT2 R/W FLP LFLT2 R/W FLP High HFLT3 R/W FLP LFLT3 R/W FLP High HFLT4 R/W FLP LFLT4 R/W FLP High HFLT5 R/W FLP LFLT5 R/W FLP High HFLT6 R/W FLP LFLT6 R/W FLP High HFLT7 R/W FLP LFLT7 R/W FLP High HFLT8 R/W FLP LFLT8 C-22 Read- Read- OPTIONS
Reference AA March C-21. Function Table R/W AC TAG R/W UINT START1 R/W UINT END1 R/W TLP PARA1 R/W UINT Conversion CONV1 R/W UINT START2 R/W UINT END2 R/W TLP PARA2 R/W UINT Conversion CONV2 R/W UINT START3 R/W UINT END3 R/W TLP PARA3 R/W UINT Conversion CONV3 R/W UINT START4 R/W UINT END4 R/W TLP PARA4 R/W UINT Conversion CONV4 R/W UINT START5 R/W UINT END5 R/W TLP PARA5 R/W UINT Conversion CONV5 R/W UINT START6 R/W UINT END6 R/W TLP PARA6 R/W UINT Conversion CONV6 R/W UINT START7 R/W UINT END7 R/W TLP PARA7 R/W UINT Conversion CONV7 R/W UINT START8 R/W UINT END8 R/W TLP PARA8 R/W UINT Conversion CONV8 R/W UINT START9 R/W UINT END9 R/W TLP PARA9 R/W UINT Conversion CONV9 R/W UINT START10 R/W UINT END10 R/W TLP PARA10 R/W UINT Conversion CONV10 R/W UINT START11 R/W UINT END11 R/W TLP PARA11 R/W UINT Conversion CONV11 R/W UINT START12 R/W UINT END12 R/W TLP PARA12 R/W UINT Conversion CONV12 R/W UINT START13 R/W UINT END13 Read- Rosemount 3095FC C-23
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March R/W TLP PARA13 R/W UINT Conversion CONV13 R/W UINT START14 R/W UINT END14 R/W TLP PARA14 R/W UINT Conversion CONV14 R/W UINT START15 R/W UINT END15 R/W TLP PARA15 R/W UINT Conversion CONV15 Table C-22. Modbus Function R/W UINT EVTALRM R/W UINT History PERIODIC R/W UINT History DAILY R/O UINT SPARE R/O UINT History Format FORMAT R/W UINT History Archive ARCREG1 R/W UINT History START1 R/W UINT History END1 R/W UINT of History Archive TYPE1 R/W UINT Conversion CONV1 R/W UINT History ARCREG2 R/W UINT History START2 R/W UINT History END2 R/W UINT of History TYPE2 R/W UINT Conversion CONV2 R/W UINT History ARCREG3 R/W UINT History START3 R/W UINT History END3 R/W UINT of History TYPE3 R/W UINT Conversion CONV3 R/W UINT History Archive ARCREG4 R/W UINT History START4 R/W UINT History END4 R/W UINT of History TYPE4 R/W UINT Conversion CONV4 R/W UINT History Archive ARCREG5 R/W UINT History START5 R/W UINT History END5 R/W UINT of History Archive TYPE5 R/W UINT Conversion CONV5 R/W UINT History ARCREG6 R/W UINT History START6 R/W UINT History END6 R/W UINT of History TYPE6 R/W UINT Conversion CONV6 R/W UINT History ARCREG7 R/W UINT History START7 C-24 Read- Read-
Reference AA March R/W UINT History END7 R/W UINT of History Archive TYPE7 R/W UINT Conversion CONV7 R/W UINT History ARCREG8 R/W UINT History START8 R/W UINT History END8 R/W UINT of History TYPE8 R/W UINT Conversion CONV8 R/W UINT History ARCREG9 R/W UINT History START9 R/W UINT History END9 R/W UINT of History Archive TYPE9 R/W UINT Conversion CONV9 R/W UINT History Archive ARCREG10 R/W UINT History START10 R/W UINT History END10 R/W UINT of History TYPE10 R/W UINT Conversion CONV10 C-23. R/W AC TAG R/W INT RAW1 R/W INT RAW2 R/W INT RAW3 R/W INT RAW4 R/W INT RAW5 R/W FLP EU EU1 R/W FLP EU EU2 R/W FLP EU EU3 R/W FLP EU EU4 R/W FLP EU EU5 R/O FLP Press PRESSEFF R/W FLP EU SETVAL R/O FLP EU MANUAL R/O UINT TIMER R/W UINT MODE R/W UINT TYPE Read- Read- Rosemount 3095FC C-25
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March C-24. Revision Information R/O AC DESC R/O AC PART# R/O AC VERSION R/O UINT Information PRESENT Table C-25. History R/O UINT of History MAXPTS R/W UINT Units INTERVAL R/W TLP TLP TAG#1 R/W TLP History HST#1 R/W UINT Archive ARCH1 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#1 R/W TLP TLP TAG#2 R/W TLP History HST#2 R/W UINT ARCH2 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#2 R/W TLP TLP TAG#3 R/W TLP History HST#3 R/W UINT ARCH3 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#3 R/W TLP TLP TAG#4 R/W TLP History HST#4 R/W UINT ARCH4 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#4 R/W TLP TLP TAG#5 R/W TLP History HST#5 R/W UINT ARCH5 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#5 R/W TLP TLP TAG#6 R/W TLP History HST#6 R/W UINT ARCH6 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#6 R/W TLP TLP TAG#7 R/W TLP History HST#7 R/W UINT Archive ARCH7 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#7 R/W TLP TLP TAG#8 R/W TLP History HST#8 R/W UINT ARCH8 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#8 R/W TLP TLP TAG#9 R/W TLP History HST#9 R/W UINT ARCH9 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#9 R/W TLP TLP TAG#10 R/W TLP History HST#10 R/W UINT ARCH10 C-26 Read- Read-
Reference AA March R/W UINT or Rate AVG#10 R/W TLP TLP TAG#11 R/W TLP History HST#11 R/W UINT ARCH11 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#11 R/W TLP TLP TAG#12 R/W TLP History HST#12 R/W UINT ARCH12 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#12 R/W TLP TLP TAG#13 R/W TLP History HST#13 R/W UINT ARCH13 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#13 R/W TLP TLP TAG#14 R/W TLP History HST#14 R/W UINT ARCH14 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#14 R/W TLP TLP TAG#15 R/W TLP History HST#15 R/W UINT ARCH15 R/W UINT or Rate AVG#15 Read- Rosemount 3095FC C-27
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC March C-28
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October A/D to AGA American Association. AI AO such as AP ASCII American (National) Information Attribute that information about aspect of the that the of I/O I/O that fabricated the 3095FC and option. Also on-board I/O. C COMM commonly as to the of the 3095FC. Typically, the software of such as 3095FC, that often and the Can the assembly Tree Rosemount Interface Software, the Tree appears. CRC CSA Association. CTS Clear To DB the ratio of the of logarithmic DCD that inactive the and below the high The of the to such as from and cleared continuously when the input around the specified This the or location from with Directory The Directory tree tree of through the PC Comm and the 3095FC Comm www.rosemount.com
Reference Rosemount 3095FC AA October or that typically such as on/off. DP DSR Ready DTR Ready Proportion of that activated. I/O and such. DVM and DP to 3095FC. EFM Flow or EIA-232 three or to as RS-232. EIA-422 Communication four to as the RS-422 EIA-485 Can allow to to together fashion. to as RS-485. EMI interference. ESD Static EU Units. software that factory-loaded of ROM. the 3095FC, the firmware the software gathering input input and ROM type of read-only memory that electrically It of memory and FSK GFA Ground GND ground, such as the 3095FC supply. GP HistoryLink HistoryLink allows the to and the History from the 3095FC. The HistoryLink Rosemount Interface Software. to read. DP.
Reference AA October I, IC Industry recently which 3095FC IC integrated ID IEC IEEE of and the Interconnection (OSI) reference and international the of established the INternational (ISO) and the IEEE. IMV input, to read. to read. I/O IRQ oriented. ISO (International IV KB LCD only reading LED Light-emitting LOI Interface. to the (RS-232) the 3095FC through which established, typically software PC. LRC Checking thousandth of Scanning Gould-Modicon. or or NEC National NEMA National Association. OH Off-Hook Accomplished while the connected off-line 3095FC that the 3095FC. Units of Rosemount 3095FC
Reference Rosemount 3095FC AA October Accomplished while connected to the Rosemount Interface Software while to that and immediately. OP LOI. of the 3095FC to with Rosemount Interface Software, as as PC with Rosemount Interface Software software. P, property of that typically or the the ID of normally edited software PC. Flowing PC P/PD DP PI to as PIN. Software-oriented I/O or other function, such as flow of The of I/O as the 3095FC The type the to of the of to the The type the of previously PRI PID of that or include parity, and the type of PSTN Switched Telephone Network. PT PTI PTC PTT Push-to-Talk of whose normally PV or RAM Random Access Memory. 3095FC, to history, and RBX Report-by-exception. 3095FC, to RBX, which the 3095FC the to RFI interference. RI Interface Software Remote Operations microprocessor-based that and Rosemount Interface Software software to 3095FC
Reference AA October ROM Read-only memory. Typically to firmware. RTC clock. RTD Detector. RTS Ready to RTU Unit. RXD text (such as that to Typically, easily created or edited the to the software. Soft type of with that to as the SP or Static SPI SPK SRAM Static Access Memory. as as applied; typically backed lithium or SRBX Report-by-Execution. to RBX. SVA the SVD the T-Z Tf Flowing TLP (of (or and TXD Transmitted Rosemount 3095FC
Reference Rosemount 3095FC AA October
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Accessories A-11 Apply Locations B-1 Information Functions TLP Download Duplicating New Select TLP Copy and C 3095FC (AI) the Plate Communication www.rosemount.com AI Advanced AI AI CD Collect RBX History EFM Reporting EFM Reports Information Other Information Revision Info History History History History, and Audit Reports I/O I/O Scanning Advanced AGA Quality History Access Functionality History Collection Information Conversion Table Security 3095FC and On the Clock Soft Advanced Considerations Mounting Rosemount Interface Software Custom New .A-7 Considerations Considerations Directive Information .B-1 Functions
Reference AA Rosemount 3095FC October Grounding Earth With Cathodic Protection Without Protection Locations B-1 North American B-1 Rosemount 3095FC Plate Rosemount Interface Software With Without Conversion Mounting Mounting Considerations A-11 Custom A-11 A-11 Information A-9 3095FC 3095FC Functions Index-2 Considerations the the 3095FC Cold Rosemount Interface Software 3095FC 3095FC 3095FC C-3 Tree with Without C-2 Definitions C-1 or 3095FC the Software Uninstalling Considerations Specifications Flow A-6 Functional A-1 Memory A-6 Performance A-3 Physical A-4 EIA-232 EIA-485 Interface Ground the RTD Considerations
This through including and Rosemount and the Rosemount of Rosemount Inc. of of the Emerson of other the property of their respective owners. Emerson Rosemount Inc. MN USA (U.S.) (International) www.rosemount.com Rosemount Inc. rights Fisher-Rosemount Emerson Reference AA October Rosemount East North District