Motion (GDM) MMI-20020979, AB
and information This Motion with when properly with the instructions this to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com or through Motion Information to that with the Directive found the www.micromotion.com/documentation to EN apply. Other information specifications found the Troubleshooting information found the Product and from the Motion www.micromotion.com/documentation Motion procedures when These with government and Motion to follow Motion procedures refused Information and www.micromotion.com or phoning the Motion Customer Service Emerson Flow service Worldwide: Telephone: North and South America and East United States U.K. The New Eastern South Thailand South Africa UAE
Topics covered this chapter: Recommended flow the thermo-well Recommended installations the of the to that and information the Quantity (GDM) Motion M20 to 1/2-inch NPT 1/2-inch NPT Thermo-well instructions Motion Product DVD that the which the that the and and within the of the that the the the which the installed. If the that the or installation. that to the and
Motion that the the recommended characteristics and installation. that installation. to performance of the Follow recommended the GDM to account the of and The following information the from the with Follow or the that the and incompatible with the of To of the the should with the to than continuously). of the accuracy. (KDV) of the to the the allows to the servicing or without affecting the the thermo-well to the of the to that of the Motion thermo-well purchase. the and of the input to and low-volume flow with mounted or the the the to and that the causing flow that the of the approximately to the than reduction of the cross-sectional the of insertion the to that the and associated to the operating thermal insulation to the and the and bypass-loop to the and the and clearance the insulation and the housing.
Recommended the the through the This flow that of the flow with to the of Motion recommends flow of although flow to to At flow rates greater than the reading become slightly and with typical of approximately of WC) to of through the (inch WC) of Recommended operating flow Flowrate of Recommended operating flow Flowrate
Motion Following the DC to the VDC, VDC with of AWG) power-supply At of of of the (AWG AWG of 22.8V 24V
the thermo-well of the GDM thermo-well the and Motion thermo-well purchase. or Motion Customer information. thermo-well the following, mount and the GDM: the to the the Motion that than reduction of the sectional the of insertion to Follow and areas, and the to follow and areas, of 22.8V 24V
Recommended Motion Motion thermo-well Motion recommends installations the GDM the as international ISO and AGA This information reference only. The plate of The which the the and The from the of the (as international ISO and AGA and from of and 3.94
recovery The location plate downstream from the This commonly to as the recovery The recovery allows flow and easy and the the input insertion the
recovery A. isolation B. C. D. Flow E. F. G. H. I. the J. Thermal insulation K. the and clearance the insulation and the housing. Motion With the recovery installation of the necessary. measured the downstream of the which reduces the of build-up the Flow achieved the the plate than that further downstream. C GDM STATUS SCROLL SELECT
through the and the reading. The the and the to the the downstream The factor the downstream the The measured the the as ISO and AGA to the downstream the as AGA This known as the which of this that the measured it the
A. isolation B. Flowmeter C. D. Flow E. F. G. Thermal insulation H. the and clearance the insulation and the housing. Motion With the The flow the should enough to of The measured the The and the mounted of the to the and where the C GDM STATUS SCROLL SELECT
To to the of the this the flow and the of the through the they become too The allows the to to or, to atmosphere. With this the as high-pressure two-stage to icing. CAUTION! the as that the flow the
A. isolation B. C. D. Flow E. F. G. Thermal insulation H. I. the and clearance the insulation and the housing. Motion C To the GDM with full-bore Motion that Rosemount downstream from the as to The following shows Rosemount to the This type of to to atmosphere. The and GDM downstream from the to or the GDM STATUS SCROLL SELECT GDM
installation A. isolation B. Flowmeter C. D. Flow E. F. G. Thermal insulation H. the and clearance the insulation and the housing. with The following shows with installation. to or the C GDM STATUS SCROLL SELECT
with A. isolation B. C. D. Flow E. F. G. Thermal insulation H. the and clearance the insulation and the housing. Motion the from the C GDM SCROLL SELECT STATUS
CAUTION! the with Follow and regulations and the inspect the physical If physical to the immediately Motion Customer Position and the with the arrow upward. the and the the back housing cover to the PWR supply terminals (KDV) the to match the with the factory If the the then or shipment. information KDV the and that shipped with the MTL7728P+
Mounting Mounting Mount the the Motion covered this chapter: Mount the the the the the (optional) the the (optional) Post-installation Motion that the thermo-well to the and the ease of and the from the as Section information the installation. The following recommended Motion (GDM) Thermo-well which includes: Thermo-well Mounting screws
A. M8 screw B. housing C. D. E. Thermo-well Procedure (Recommended) the thermo-well the created the and the amount of the of the top of the the with the the the the of the housing. the housing the the the mounting screws. STATUS SCROLL SELECT C Mounting
Mounting the Motion Typical (with thermo-well Once mounted the the ready to the to the the to performance of the the the The protection flow This the Procedure the to the STATUS SCROLL SELECT
A. B. C. STATUS SCROLL SELECT C Mounting
Mounting the the (optional) the the (optional) Motion You the the to the screw that the to A. M5 screw the clockwise to the to the screw and to The the rotated or from the
A. housing B. C. D. screws E. cover Procedure If the Turn the cover counterclockwise to from the (and necessary) the screws while holding the the of the the terminals from the If the of the board with the the and them. the to the the terminals the to the its If the screws, them with the matching the then and them. the cover the Turn the cover clockwise If the C Mounting
Mounting Post-installation Motion the of the the and associated to the operating
terminals and covered this chapter: terminals and Three of terminals These option The (TPS), and (DO) and connected to VDC supply. The screw each of AWG the of the which the It responsibility to that this and and If the to or the to HART You or HART HART (TPS) HART (TPS) Motion and the These the or the and required. C (TPS)
Motion Information about the and as You should the to the that CAUTION! and should trained with the of to the shipped with instructions the Motion Product DVD and the Motion www.micromotion.com DANGER! or death. To reduce the of off the DANGER! the only that with the the (U VDC VDC VDC Current (I (P (C inductance (L RS-485 and to the their from the connected intrinsically from the of these The RS-485 from the connected (MTL7761AC), although this and RS-485
RS-485 output and (MTL7761AC) (U VDC (I (C inductance (L (U o VDC (I o (steady (I) (P o (R IIC (C o inductance (L o inductance/resistance ratio (L o /R o IIB (C o inductance (L o inductance/resistance ratio (L o /R o The the selected to to than VDC VDC). The the selected to to than The of the F. This to the than the allowable specified the the following to the of the the and the Ci The inductance of the H. This the field inductance than the allowable inductance specified the The following then to the the and the inductance
Motion Motion the or Motion Customer information CAUTION! and should trained with the of to the shipped with instructions the Motion Product DVD and the Motion www.micromotion.com The connecting of the outputs. the with the MTL7728P+ (TPS) MTL7761AC MTL7728P+ Procedure the to the and MTL7728P+
HART TPS/DO RS-485 PWR The recommended outputs, the recommended TPS or the recommended outputs using Motion to the of the or Motion Customer information MTL7728P+ MTL7728P+ MTL7761AC MTL7728P+ HART VDC VDC RS-485 RS-485 VDC
Motion CAUTION! and should trained with the of to the shipped with instructions the Motion Product DVD and the Motion www.micromotion.com The the following outputs. the with the The RS-485 isolated. HART MTL5541 MTL5541 MTL7761AC MTL5523 Procedure the to the and
option) HART RS-485 PWR (TPS) or options Motion to the (TPS) and of the or Motion Customer information CAUTION! and should trained only with the of to the shipped with instructions the Motion Product DVD and the Motion www.micromotion.com The connecting the following outputs. the with the MTL5541 VDC MTL5541 VDC MTL7761AC MTL5523 LINK HART RS-485 RS-485 VDC
(TPS and options) HART TPS/DO RS-485 PWR Motion The RS-485 isolated. HART MTL5541 (TPS) MTL7761AC MTL5523 Procedure the to the and the switch the TPS/DO (MTL5532 isolator). You the switches through Table MTL5532 MTL5541 VDC SIG MTL5532 MTL7761AC VDC MTL5523 HART RS-485 RS-485 VDC
The switches located the of the and to (the or On (the MTL5532 switch location ON/OFF switch MTL5532 switch Table Switch ON/OFF? ON OFF OFF OFF OFF ON
Grounding Grounding Motion The grounded to the that the The knowing and complying with Motion the following grounding EN to installations, Sections and the U.S.A. and ISA with associated and installations, IEC If follow these to ground the wire, AWG or ground leads as as than ground leads directly to earth, or follow CAUTION! the to earth, or follow ground the facility. grounding Procedure the the If the the ground-bonded, the grounded and further action If the the grounded, ground to the grounding screw located the
Grounding
Motion Inc. USA Worldwide Headquarters Circle www.micromotion.com Motion Emerson WX The Netherlands www.micromotion.nl Motion Emerson of Motion United Emerson Bredbury SK6 2SU U.K. Motion Emerson *MMI-20020979* MMI-20020979 AB Motion, Inc. rights The Emerson and service of Emerson Motion, ELITE, MVD and MVD Direct of of the Emerson family of other property of their respective owners.