Product AA Conditioning Plate Specification www.rosemount.com
This Product Specification the the Conditioning Plate (COP). This included when with the Conditioning Plate (COP) to The of the COP to the international ISO The the to the COP with and the The the to technical the COP and the with the COP, each individually tested using to NIST or internationally authority. Specifications The COP within to of conditioning and the testing this performance. The COP the to isolation and that connecting serviced the COP to RTD. Conditioning Plate The COP of four symmetrical to allow of flow or flow of numbers. These products and repeatable when downstream of of flow that normally the flow process. The 304L and types. The COP with industry ANSI B16.5 (FF, RF, RTJ) ANSI B16.36 Unions (FF, RF, RTJ) DIN EN.1092 (FF, RF) DIN Unions (FF, RF) The COP the or to that of the Unions. Conditioning The COP as Compact Plate or as Plate Both four symmetrical with the Compact Conditioning Plate of of withstanding 100F 38C) of ANSI Unions of of mounting to the Conditioning Plate of type or Universal of withstanding 100F 38C) of Unions Flowmeter Specifications The to supply the COP integrated with the to The the to both and flow Product Specification AA
Product Specification AA Functional Specifications The the to as mounted directly the COP when the than 450F (232C). technology-based. The hermetically sealed from the The built-in protection. Specifications Communication with the with the HART, FOUNDATION The allow field of and the of software functions without the Software Specifications The flow cut-off functionality. The to with Microsoft based software It to and the memory using hand This information should Windows-based software. factory memory. It to this LCD Specifications The LCD type. It the and to the It to the to than this the to selected The and types. the COP integrated with the as follows: Within to of The testing this performance. Functional Specifications software as high, or The the to or should allow to include this the of Software Specifications The allow the of the to to gallons/min). The allow both high and the reading. This the and software write security. security software. LCD Specifications It to mount with to from the These allow of the
Product Specification AA Flow and These the COP flow factor, factor, velocity of approach factor, or viscosity, and integrated with the COP, the within to of flow and The testing this performance. Functional Specifications The The the of (GP) or (AP) The and Software Specifications to flow, or with using HART Rosemount and the Rosemount of Rosemount Inc. HART of the HART Foundation. OUNDATION of the Foundation. of International, Inc. of E.I. other the property of their respective owners. Emerson Rosemount Inc. MN USA (U.S.) (International) www.rosemount.com Rosemount Inc. rights Emerson The of functions and to information. of the allow the the to input and information including the and and allow the to input and information including the and the COP factor. To flow, the the DP flow Where, Flow Units Conversion Factor C Factor Velocity of Approach Factor Bore of the DP Emerson NC EY DP