CSI Wireless Reference Reference MHM-97408,
this with the and and performance, to thoroughly the or this If Service (GSC) and Product World Customer Service Phone: (Option CSI) CAUTION! The this NOT that or products readings. The CSI protected or U.S. Other WARNING! death or serious of this with the and international and Please the section of this associated with connecting atmosphere, the with shock death or serious with the leads and High that leads shock. CE Notice Emerson products the the or the with EMC and Directives of the Union. with CENELEC EN specified as follows: The The as of specified the The or to operating that the The memory, memory or previously memory. the to initiate and/or of Declaration of Conformity the the Emerson office within the Community.
Copyright Emerson rights of this publication reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated without the written of Emerson This informational Emerson warranty of with to this including, to, the of merchantability and Emerson or that or or with the furnishing, performance, or of this Information this to without and the of Emerson The information this and cover and Health, and the CSI the of of the Emerson of The Emerson and servicemark of Emerson other the property of their respective owners. The product(s) this covered existing and
Introduction MHM-97408, Topics covered this chapter: Considerations of Instructions this to the of the the operations. to the following the WARNING! to follow these death or serious should CSI installations. death or serious injury: connecting the with field that the operating of the CSI with the locations shock death or serious with the leads and High that leads shock. This CSI with of the FCC to the following This interference, this interference received, including interference that operation. This to of from Introduction
Introduction MHM-97408, The This Reference to the WirelessHART of the CSI with the otherwise specified. It with the and software revisions (AMS Health and AMS this to and the CSI Wireless The The CSI Wireless installation-ready that and hard-to-reach locations. It of and of its to with to each of Waveform/Spectrum directly AMS Wireless with reliability, HART protected industry leading security (when operated as of well-formed interface with LCD that displays measured and and easy installations
MHM-97408, information Revision This the HART the This the of the and with interface release. Software This the software This the revision. DD This the (DD) revision. If revision, factory Product information. You the information and AMS Revision AMS this found the title. The software to functionality. functionality the increases. The the field. Introduction
Introduction MHM-97408, Revision AMS
Considerations MHM-97408, such as accelerometers, low-level to their With HART the the low-level to wireless-enabled Commissioning The or installation. You the to operation and to with its the with field The CSI whenever the To the when the choosing location and to the performance, the should with such as or framework. or framework the performance of the The C lithium/thionyl batteries. Each of lithium, of each the self-contained and reactive as as the and the maintained. to thermal, or mechanical and to CAUTION! when the The from heights of DC of the CSI to VDC This of the WARNING! The CSI the when operated with DC through the the of the head. clearance cover Introduction
Introduction of MHM-97408, The operates within specifications 40F and 185F (40C and 85C). that the operating of the with the location You to the CSI to Emerson Product Service or Emerson Product to Authorization (RMA) and instructions. Emerson Product information: Service (GSC) and Product World Customer Service (WWCS) (Option CSI) If the to Sheet (MSDS) included with the MSDS to to people to
MHM-97408, covered this chapter: with with AMS with AMS You the CSI to or the the location. You to physically or to the to the The however, reports the connected; this the expected The interface the the used. Procedure to wired HART interface this CSI purchased from the factory. the wireless network (Network ID and using wired this the to wireless the the of the wireless (Optional) the and the VT where the ID the wireless The the network and operates correctly to the something meaningful the Specify the type of with or accelerometers) and the The factory SENSOR Complete this and the something the the the of with the to
MHM-97408, Specify the (English, or SI) that each to English, the shipped to Specify which (velocity, to the PV, SV, TV, and QV. PV the Velocity SV the TV the and QV the supply the thresholds which and the of Specify the published or the to as the performance. Specify often the published The once every recommended, the as reduces the life. the and the LCD to to the to the life. of You locations such as historian, AMS and DCS If the HART DCS (such as specify whether AMS the DCS to the and from AMS permitted. You however, allow AMS to MHM Access from AMS or from If the the Advanced of and waveforms the AMS With the Advanced on-demand, or the recommended operating
to wired HART interface MHM-97408, the CSI purchased from the factory, to wired HART interface. This to that allow the to wireless You other such as type and thresholds this Notes the wired HART interface (such as measured when the wired interface. The CSI both the wired and wireless HART interfaces. You wireless connectivity when to the wired HART interface. reflected wireless established. To of synchronization, relying the wireless when with the the wired interface. AMS through wireless and this while with to AMS and then (or the the wireless to the Procedure the back cover. This the and HART CSI with A. COMM terminals B. HART COMM terminals (externally the or supply using
MHM-97408, and using AMS or host. Press to to the The CSI HART the wired interface. HART displayed the optional LCD, If the to the HART its or while its the wired HART If repeated to establish wired force the HART the front cover and the CONFIG once. Once the HART this the CONFIG the or activity the wired interface three Pressing the CONFIG the to HART CAUTION! The front (the covering the LCD) Class I, the the the to allow and other airborne chemicals to the which to and performance whenever the front to completely the to properly the
the wireless MHM-97408, the wired HART interface, the from the wires to wireless This This the to with the Wireless Gateway and with other This the wireless of connecting wires from to input. Procedure From the Wireless Network to the Network ID and or AMS with wired the Network ID and that they match the Network ID and from the Wireless If the Network ID and to the the CSI with the
options MHM-97408, The CSI options the following operations: and often they reported The and type of and when shows the You these from AMS or from option Publishing PowerSave PowerSave of 1X LCD MHM Access Protect type Velocity Velocity of of Units PV velocity, SV TV QV English velocity: RMS C
and PV Velocity Velocity Velocity SV TV Velocity QV Unmapped MHM-97408, The CSI with accelerometers, or with with shows the and based Not Each characterized the factory to the This information included with the the of and referenced with the as shown and with
thresholds Table velocity MHM-97408, Table shows the and that each Table Units RMS Velocity C The CSI HART to when measured the thresholds. measured three Advisory, and that These thresholds the factory to reasonable operating RPM. The which these thresholds should the type of and process. One of to the which the operating. the the Advisory the (or of RMS, whichever the the and the the the Velocity in/s, the Advisory threshold in/s, the threshold and the threshold in/s. While this type of recommended, when other information in/sec in/sec in/sec RMS F
thresholds Table >3V V* *These read-only and MHM-97408, 65C 75C 149F of establishing the to the of 10's. This with turning and CPM. this approach, the Advisory would the and the then as follows: Indication of Serious information Section The thresholds closely to (ODP) with insulation and service factor of operating of 40C or below and of or below These reasonable thresholds to when there knowledge of the process, the type of machinery, or the operating information, Chapter thresholds 149F 167F (65C) The include and supply The these shown Table 85C 167F Advisory 185F (75C) 185F <2V 85C (185F)* -40C (-40F)* (85C)
Publishing MHM-97408, Table N/A N/A N/A N/A or Notes The supply The supply with the CSI other Emerson or to to related to These when the correctly. measured (Velocity, or the Advisory, or threshold, this Advisory that from AMS (or another graphical host). This The CSI of or combining amount of information command. this the four (PV, SV, TV, and QV) published the specified and the Gateway. the to the the to to the The other to of them the and publishes the the This three which If only to PV, SV, TV, and QV, If The This the recommended You this commissioning or through AMS or the Wireless You the from to hour. If the and to the allowable (once the expected to about months. allows DC option. Advisory
MHM-97408, The to to reduce the other that LCD PowerSave LCD the LCD operation. It neither to physically the LCD; through to From AMS the wireless where the connected, right-click the and LCD the LCD through of about the LCD to information. To the LCD, the front cover and the DIAG This the and displays information. This reading and to troubleshooting. CAUTION! The front (the covering the LCD) Class I, the the the to allow and other airborne chemicals to the which to and performance whenever the front to completely the to properly the PowerSave CSI that or and the to frequently, thereby conserving This when than the or when expected to of You the the PowerSave AMS (MHM Access first and AMS The field to as It the of the to the At the effective the CSI Effective Rate
MHM-97408, the from 1X to 24X. to life, should only with such as of the CSI this to 1X, the CSI reading the of 2X combined with every (every hours). Similarly, of 24X with (once You locations such as historian or AMS The this functionality the associated software and the of the the of this This of the and You that or OPC inputs. OPC and wireless the Wireless Gateway interface. to the Wireless Gateway information. The the and the and both locations wireless I/O the to the information the You wireless as HART and accordingly. This type of allows and the HART Ovation or the Wireless Gateway with the associated of HART. AMS or HART functionality to and information, as as the from the CSI This allows AMS to of the the wireless as as the and CSI Also, with AMS and CSI (that the Advanced information, Section to and Ovation to though integrated through HART, from the wireless OPC
the with MHM-97408, The CSI whenever the To the when the the and the leads, the the already installed), and the cover. You should the when ready to the You the CSI Follow the DD when to the CSI The DD the CSI located the DVD that with the to the or to www2.emersonprocess.com/en-us/brands/Field-Communicator/Pages/SysSoftDDs.aspx instructions DD CSI The CSI Software or through the CSI using DD. ease of operation, locations of the
MHM-97408, tree CSI of
MHM-97408, tree CSI of
MHM-97408, tree CSI of
MHM-97408, tree CSI of
MHM-97408, tree CSI with of
MHM-97408, tree CSI with of
MHM-97408, tree CSI with of
MHM-97408, tree CSI with of
MHM-97408, tree CSI accelerometers: of
MHM-97408, tree CSI accelerometers: of
MHM-97408, tree CSI accelerometers: of
MHM-97408, tree CSI accelerometers: of
MHM-97408, The following that using DD. Press to the to the CSI Table items CSI Table Function items Publishing Protect Network ID Broadcast Info to Network Publishing Rate Units to Network Publishing Rate Rate Publishing LCD Source Advanced Units Protect MHM Access Velocity
MHM-97408, CSI (continued) Table Function items options Source MHM Access MHM Access to Factory
with AMS wireless AMS MHM-97408, operations AMS first the CSI with wired HART Right-click the HART and Scan Devices the wireless using wired HART and using WirelessHART Procedure Right-click the CSI and Network the ID the wireless the to Network and Next You the ID from the Gateway Click Network the the that follow, and Next Select the option, and Next Click when
Right-click MHM-97408, The right-click of the CSI AMS to the Service and as as to other the This the and Service information the other to AMS the the wireless where the connected and right-click the to the CSI right-click
MHM-97408, The of the of the CSI including the associated with You the following shortcuts from this Information to Network New
MHM-97408, Information From the Information to information. Information Click the to the type, and Click the Revisions to the software, and DD numbers. Click the to the MAC type, numbers, and Click the Security to Protect information and to whether MHM Access Click the to features such as the Advanced Click to
MHM-97408, From the to and Click the Select to to apply to the
MHM-97408, to Network From the to Network to and that the to wireless to Network
MHM-97408, New From the New to statistics Velocity, and This displays supply and information the Statistics
MHM-97408, The To to the the of the Click to or Click to or specify which reported as the Primary, Secondary, Third, and Fourth Click Units to Velocity, and Click to the and and Advisory, and each of the You reporting from Click to supply to the amount of
MHM-97408, when the connected to AMS USB or HART and when the connected to Communicator. This when the connected to AMS WirelessHART Click to Network to and that the to wireless Click Publishing to published or optimized). Click Rate to often the and reports and to the of the to the (PowerSave manually. Click the Wireless to wireless information the Wireless Click to Network to and that the to wireless Click Publishing to published or optimized).
MHM-97408, Click Rate to often the and reports and to specify the of the to the (PowerSave Click to the burst to Click Refresh Effective Rate to refresh the the Effective Rate field. Click the to You the from this Click to the the Click to the to
MHM-97408, Click the to or Click the LCD to or the LCD, or to to troubleshooting Click the Source to the Select the from the Velocity and Click the MHM Access to or Access AMS Access allows AMS to to the CSI CAUTION! If the HART DCS or Ovation), AMS to to the Click the Protect to specify whether written to the
MHM-97408, Click the to which reported as the Primary, Secondary, Third, and Fourth
MHM-97408, Click the Information to the type, and and to the field software, and DD numbers. Information
MHM-97408, Click the to features such as the Advanced Click to
MHM-97408, the and and Velocity, and Click the and the Advisory or boxes to when measured the thresholds specified. these selected, reported. Click to thresholds the selected
MHM-97408, Service Service The Service displays These include and software malfunctions or with specifications. Click to active the
MHM-97408, Click to graphical of and Click the Mapped to graphical of and their Click the to graphical of the each Click the to graphical of and
MHM-97408, Click to each of the four (PV, SV, TV, and QV). The when selected, and to as as this selected.
MHM-97408, Click to and and to You to AMS further You the Advanced to this information the Advanced Section The the of the Velocity and If the Velocity option AMS the high-resolution Velocity Analytical to or of with If the Velocity option AMS the of with waveform seconds. If the to the first seconds of the waveform the analytical If the to the waveform to the analytical of what choose the the waveform.
MHM-97408, Click Velocity and to of the Velocity and connected Velocity
MHM-97408,
MHM-97408, Click the to
MHM-97408, Click to information. Click the to when the to
MHM-97408, Click to the and Click Routine to New Wireless Devices to the to search wireless the This the Click the History to such as HART and Click the to from process. Click the Statistics to statistics related to operation such as Click the to the or to factory
with AMS Advanced MHM-97408, AMS the CSI If the HART DCS or Ovation), allow AMS to to access. You to MHM Access AMS or to allow AMS to to the CSI If the HART DCS host, the completely within the DCS. The DCS the externally. to the from AMS to the topics AMS the DCS, AMS to allow to without to the DCS threshold within AMS If the HART AMS and rates from AMS The AMS than AMS this to both The HART the and appear AMS and AMS only appear when the AMS software. This type of the DCS or PCS using or OPC and HART. CAUTION! If the CSI and HART DCS or PCS that and archiving information, AMS should NOT to the This the DCS to the mismatch. The the DCS, which The Advanced CSI Emerson or Product this thumbnail from HART host, such as or AMS The however, with AMS This allows to high-resolution and analytical waveforms from the CSI and archive them the AMS This insight, and the This information of whether or there and, the using the band, whether or the and what occurring.
MHM-97408, Other the Effective the the velocity thumbnail AMS as the This allows the of with Choosing about seconds of to analytical Choosing about seconds of to analytical The RPM The AMS (MHM Access first the high-resolution velocity the velocity reduces the of the If the of the high-resolution or If the The high-resolution on-demand, alert-based, or time-based. You the AMS (usually thumbnail) the the If high-resolution or waveform. You AMS the mapped. You time-based once; thereafter. You the type of to high-resolution or waveform) and often to and the AMS AMS time-based and With Alert-based and to the of the monitored. Then what to of the or waveform associated with that Alert-based typically Notes It to both waveform and from the CSI The about as to as waveform. If the waveform, the to transmitted the software the from the waveform. when time-based of band. high-resolution or waveforms and reduces the of the
MHM-97408, using the recommended time-based rates Once High-resolution Once Once month expected to life. If using that the high- too frequently. information these to the topics AMS Advanced You CSI that already of wireless AMS Wireless or AMS There to to the or from the field. Notes If CSI the field, to Advanced instructions to the using HART or or If purchased Emerson Gateway, DVD AMS Wireless should included Product AMS the CSI that to that the
MHM-97408, If revision, factory Product information. Right-click the CSI and From the from the Click Select to the Advanced This displays the and or Product and this information. Product the and Next Click when
CSI Collection: MHM-97408, Advanced If CSI wireless the using HART or or WARNING! The rating with the CSI of the following operations to NOT the and to the wired HART terminals without the or international regulations. Connecting directly to the wired HART terminals the CSI temporarily the off of the wireless If the wireless the wired wired HART AMS the CSI to AMS PC directly HART Follow the Advanced or the to the to the CSI the and HART Application from the the (DD) CSI warning Click CONT to to the Select or the Select or the Select or the or the Select or the This displays the and or Product and this information. Product the the and ENTER the CSI includes and memory where to transmitted. AMS from CSI through the to the You or through AMS the You and based or
CSI publishing MHM-97408, To to CSI AMS allow AMS to the to HART such as using the AMS software rejected. such or who authorized to the Alert-based chose alert-based and to the of the Then what to of the or waveform associated with that Alert-based typically Time-based choose time-based waveforms, high-resolution and The information collected without to the Time-based typically shortens the of CSI Publishing The easy credit-based to often collected and from each of CSI You without impacting the CSI Publishing the CSI Publishing Time-based or to the that however, the of The CSI publishing credit-based to and publishing It easily and CSI CSI with publishing the of the the and The publishing readings. You reading from the CSI The publishing and of the following You to the of You You to
MHM-97408, You to often and the following which CSI and to the whenever the If the of AMS without publishing would with or once every Each relatively of to which shortens the of the It which might the to from other The CSI publishing from this If the that then the publishing would the to through This every the publishing The publishing based credits, credits, and Credits based the type. On- credits. The credits and If the too too the network and the Therefore, should the to the that credit type Credit (time-based or alert-based) (time-based or alert-based) or (on-demand) You of its credits the CSI the to CSI right-click the CSI and the of the displays the and when the to automatically. and with alert-based Combining publishing with alert-based while the when the If than the the first first with software or higher) the protected memory AMS with software below AMS whatever the memory the the processed. Also, with the while the to the its with the to the higher
and publishing MHM-97408, to apply publishing You apply publishing to or individually to each Apply publishing to to each that Apply publishing to to the CSI connected to that The with Emerson's Wireless Gateway of wireless seconds) You to CSI as the HART than seconds. The typically once every The as of wireless to and when high-resolution broadcasting to CSI this than the network CSI high-resolution from CSI such as and waveforms, the wireless AMS and waveform The software publishing that the amount of from or shows the to the publishing the Table shows the recommended publishing The allow to of 24-hour and often than every This that with and that the
MHM-97408, CSI publishing Recommended publishing Network (D.HH:MM) N/4 than AMS features that the CSI Publishing with shown If to and routing then the publishing to allow to collected. Follow these the and to the as indicated. credits credits Notes N*8 High-resolution to with of the increases to (N/4)
MHM-97408, when collecting velocity and Table waveforms)* Network velocity and when collecting velocity and Table waveform* Network velocity and waveform. as follows: well-formed which conforms to as the WirelessHART Collect (recommended). the waveform to the the Starting AMS the instead of which further increases the of If the waveform from the waveform; the collected with the waveform. You the waveform to to the waveform. distinguish impacting that the of or Gateway credits credits (D.HH:MM) Gateway credits credits (D.HH:MM)
or MHM-97408, The amount of to waveform or the and other wireless Demand-based high-bandwidth that waveform than although as as hour Time-based and typically least to the waveform. to the topics AMS The of effective include which cover the The The AMS and they the as the other The these these the other to from CSI these from the Wireless Gateway's cache. the CSI to or as and waveforms The the every hours. to the topics AMS information.
the CSI MHM-97408, covered this chapter: the CSI (LCD) the the Wireless and functioning properly the CSI and other wireless Procedure the back cover to the to the the battery-powered the the externally VDC supply to the screw terminals the right. selecting the supply, that each CSI of when and the through the threaded entry. that the fits the properly and The the feed-through the to of and other If of the the with to to If with the selected, that Additional EMI with the to (included with to Section information. or when connecting
operating MHM-97408, wireless of to the Wireless with the to the This and installation. of the CSI to The to both and with The CSI to reduce and increase life. The with or without DC DC input AC input VDC VDC VDC VDC N/A -40C to 125C N/A The DC The CSI the and to operation. The V. If the of the the the associated The DC input the DC of the input. The AC input the AC of the input. 1/428-inch mounting location. CAUTION! or the housing or CAUTION! the when stud-mounted the and the warranty.
mounting/attachment and MHM-97408, CAUTION! Although the built-in force when the than of force directly the installation. If the to the the of installation. CAUTION! than force directly that mounted the through the or raceway to the CSI the and to the when or of the of the that the WARNING! If the high-voltage and or the leads and terminals when with the leads and high-voltage the leads first connecting to or to long-term of Mounting or The to and machined that least than the of the The that then mounted You purchase the from Emerson (MHM P/N or with characteristics as
MHM-97408, or and inch-lb wrench with (P/N 4YA74) inch-lb wrench. You with wrench with of to inch-lb and than inch-lb and wrench Plant-approved Plant-approved thread mount, the following: [Emerson P/N A92106] or A212 Mounting A212 mounting (Optional) to sufficiently mounting
the mount MHM-97408, mount (preferred) mount increased reliability, and increased The mounting location of least and thickness exceeding If this the mount instead Procedure the or the to of and plant-approved cleaner, and the the and to the the mounting location the smooth to the with noticeable This the to as as or from the If the that the to the mounting and the allow the to mounted properly. Section A.7 of the to of Section A.7 of mount If to the then the mount Procedure If the of that than approximately and cleaner, and the (such as Emerson P/N A92106), the the mounting light of the of the mounting and the If the within that too or that the mounting properly.
the MHM-97408, shows typical mounting and mounting with the CSI The mounting when mount. mounting and optional mounting A. B. mounting (included with the C. mounting Whenever mount to the while If to mount the another the to the and from Procedure cleaner/degreaser, the and necessary, the mounting threads. amount of thread the mounting location.
MHM-97408, Apply thread mounting location (English mounting or mounting screw the mounting the mounting location. The mounting location the when mount and the mounting when mount. wrench with to to the mounting Tighten the mounting
MHM-97408, mount: If the mounting seated the apply the force, that the enough. the mounting and Apply thin of thread to the threads the housing. the the mounting and to the least amount of and While holding the hand-tighten the and wrench with to to Hand-tighten the If the mounting from the flathead screwdriver to the and the counter-clockwise with wrench.
the MHM-97408, WARNING! should trained and to and Follow and regulations type, insulation ratings, and other the to the approximately from the mounting location. of than with temporary anchor If the of currently scheduled, the that the the from the areas, and/or footholds that to the
the MHM-97408, WARNING! should trained and to and regulations. to IEEE grounding. Route the from these VAC VAC VAC the to the NPT threaded the of the CSI WARNING! If the and or the leads and terminals when with the leads and Procedure the back cover. the leads. Follow the to the to and the to with You or to the CSI You only with
MHM-97408, Connecting A. Connector B. Connector white C. Connector D. Connector
MHM-97408, Connecting A. Connector wires, from each B. Connector white from C. Connector white from other D. Connector wires, from each
MHM-97408, Connecting with A. Connector B. Connector white C. Connector wire) D. Connector the or DC the through the the LCD and the cover. wrench to the cover and the This that or other the housing. You or to long-term of
(LCD) the LCD MHM-97408, If purchased the CSI without the optional LCD, and to LCD, (P/N A9400LCDM, A9400LCD-SS, or Product information. WARNING! While this CSI that as intrinsically non-rated CSI that or CSI that as non-incendiary Class I, or rated), only Emerson Product Service should and the LCD to the location the LCD Procedure the LCD cover. CAUTION! The front (the covering the LCD) Class I, the the the to allow and other airborne chemicals to the which to and performance the four-pin the interface board, the LCD to the and the LCD
the LCD MHM-97408, If the LCD from the interface board, the the LCD installation, the LCD the and gently. You then and back the LCD cover. wrench to the and the the A. Improperly sealed Black B. Properly sealed Black LCD around to as NOT recommended. This The the LCD repeated the LCD, the CSI displays information about its and its This helpful installation, and commissioning. The LCD the of the and shows its with the LCD shipped with the with the LCD off. You to the LCD or AMS the LCD or the to the to the CSI Turn the Select LCD LCD Not this the LCD
Turn the LCD MHM-97408, this to only This the Troubleshooting this when troubleshooting the this to the LCD. the LCD AMS AMS and the network where the CSI connected. Right-click the CSI and Click the and from the LCD LCD Not this the LCD this to only This the Troubleshooting this when troubleshooting the this to the LCD. operating the CSI with the the LCD the to life. While the LCD activated the operating of the such that the to the LCD cover. CAUTION! The front (the covering the LCD) Class I, the the the to allow and other airborne chemicals to the which to and performance Press the DIAG to the LCD This displays the ID, Network ID, Network and the LCD cover.
Ground the MHM-97408, wrench to the cover and the to to properly the The operates with the housing, floating or grounded. the floating affects of If the appears or grounding the the You reduce the leads induced interference shielding. Shielding the to the ground and from the leads and If the of the shield grounded to the and the properly grounded to the earth ground, the If the of the shield ungrounded, created the shield and the housing, and the shield and earth the The to this causing to and/or Instead of the shield carrying the from the the flows through the leads and the where with operation. that connected to the shield. This should connected to the internal grounding screw attached to the housing the Ground the with and international You ground the through the the internal grounding or the grounding
MHM-97408,
and and MHM-97408, covered this chapter: and operation the and of the CSI through the following: LCD Wireless Gateway LCD If the LCD and should the measured the operation. the front cover of the LCD and the DIAG to the ID, Network ID, Network and and CAUTION! The front (the covering the LCD) Class I, the the the to allow and other airborne chemicals to the which to and performance whenever the front to completely the Table shows the LCD when the CSI to LCD Searching the Connected to the and and ready to
and MHM-97408, information LCD to C You the of the CSI and Table Table shows the to and the CSI to the Section and Section information the HART Wireless CSI (DD). The DD included the DVD that with the to the or to instructions DD CSI to Table item Network ID The CSI to the while or HART attached to the leads from the Communicator/HART the CSI that this and publishing to the however, this Pressing the "CONFIG" the interface (when the CSI already another forces the CSI to switch operating Wireless Gateway From the Wireless Gateway to the This shows the the and properly. Broadcast Info to Network Publishing Rate Units to Network Publishing Rate
MHM-97408, The displays the PV, SV, TV, QV, of and (burst that the properly. there with the or its path. It the CSI to X the the Gateway Click to information about the If the CSI with the Network ID and and passed, the then connected to the The of incorrect operation that the Network ID or correctly the The Network ID and the match those found the Wireless From the Wireless Gateway, Network to the Network ID and the to and
and MHM-97408, The C lithium/thionyl Each of lithium, of each dramatically based operating parametersincluding whether high-resolution such as waveforms and/or from the the self-contained and reactive as as the and the maintained. to thermal, or mechanical Protect the to CAUTION! when the The from of WARNING! when with battery, and international and regulations of batteries. If to through recycler. the information. the to replaced, the and the the (P/N MHM-89002, Rosemount P/N XXXX, or Rosemount 701PBKKF) and the cover. Tighten to specifications and the operation. The shipped without the specifically instructed to otherwise, the from the to The U.S. of Transportation, International Association (IATA), International Aviation (ICAO), and Ground Transportation of (ADR) the of lithium The shipper complying with these or other regulations and
Velocity, and Velocity MHM-97408, Topics covered this chapter: Velocity The Velocity of the low-frequency which such as and The CSI (lower-frequency) Velocity with (higher- to holistic while the of the and wireless The of or both of these The the waveform and the associated waveform shown and from rotation, of RMS velocity the ISO the other hand, the to of This mechanical such as and Velocity, and
Velocity, and MHM-97408, Velocity waveform waveform
MHM-97408, While early of impact-related bearings, there where lower-frequency Also, analysts with the Velocity and it as of their existing While to to the reported the CSI with the Velocity throughout the industry and should easy to with from There however, of and reporting Velocity, that the when trying to the reported the CSI with The CSI ISO which of to The ISO turning shown the type of monitored, the shown this should the service factors Table Service factor Table type Service factor Motors, Chemical Processing Velocity, and
Velocity, and MHM-97408, Service factor (continued) Table type Service factor shows the Velocity thresholds root-mean-square (RMS) velocity of inches second. Particularly, customary to and with RMS While the industry to RMS and the factor, technically to waveform. this reason, the CSI and reports Velocity RMS, and to to the this the velocity CSI Velocity RMS) Emerson that isolating high- phenomena associated with bearings. The that the high-frequency readily with such as Velocity, low-frequency (LFE), or This because the low-frequency the or relatively band, and the amount of that typically contributed the high-frequency to with The the waveform and the associated shown and The below the established advisory and indicating that the the shows that the increased from and that they already crossing the and approaching the This early warning about to health. The isolates the of to early indications of such as and outer and type of where readily with there increase Vibration. bearings.
MHM-97408, shows of typical the These the that this These, however, They as and these RPM as the thresholds the These with and relatively such as that offered the CSI the increased of and RPM. You the of as effective approach to rolling this the following: the The become serious Velocity, and
Velocity, and MHM-97408, The function of its service, and turning the the CSI of early field both the with The following from of the Notice the that the velocity indicating than in/s. The however, high-frequency that of HP OH OH
MHM-97408, The and shows the that the of the the the reduced, as shown indicating that the Defective bearing Velocity, and
Velocity, and MHM-97408, OH the bearing The which to of factors including the process, the operating and the characteristics of the monitored. This section knowledge of the the thresholds CSI the first-hand knowledge of If, that when then thresholds accordingly rather than following these the to related to to increase relative to This that, the thresholds should as this to the to constantly the and the accordingly. It customary, therefore, to (that seasonal installations) and choose thresholds based this Also, there with this (such that with You thresholds based this to as effective early as relative
Relative MHM-97408, The recommended the thresholds based the relative 10C increase 15C increase 20C increase that the 25C, when operating steady-state, that the this 55C. relative 30C. these should choose the and of 40C, 45C, and 50C, respectively. the 25C, this the thresholds become 65C, 70C, and 75C and Failed, respectively. Then, as the the thresholds should accordingly 5C increase the thresholds 5C). (such as or there to the without knowledge of the steady-state the should about 10C to 20C this with the about 10C and the about 10C There that the thresholds These based characteristics of the as as knowledge of the The first to the which the following Insulation type type The the the type of high effects. 65C serv_fact_temp; insulation 85C serv_fact_temp; insulation 110C serv_fact_temp; insulation 130C serv_fact_temp; insulation 150C serv_fact_temp; insulation Velocity, and
Velocity, and MHM-97408, where serv_fact_temp service factor of or or cooled (TEFC) motors, and service factor of (TENV) or with and service factor of If then: of If than or to 40C (or unknown), then: 40C If 40C then: 40C 40C) If that than 40C. Next, the thresholds based the (C) of the (C) of the f_advisory Advisory (C) of the (ODP) motors: motors: motors: 10C f_advisory 20C and steady-state readings collected within seconds of indications: If 150C the shorted. If -40C the or the Steady-state to reached when, the than 2F.
EMI and RFI considerations MHM-97408, The CSI to The which time-waveform with to The input of the approximately This waveform then and analyzed within the CSI to the to the high-frequency of the to interference (EMI) and interference (RFI), which the This section to or least reduce these effects. The apply to the of as If that both and these the of the The of the the the and the housing. high and as such, (RF) and it to the which indistinguishable from the specifically to shows with and without interference. The top which displays the as function of The the which displays the as function of EMI and RFI
EMI and RFI MHM-97408, with and without interference A. measured with RFI B. the of interference completely C. of the with interference.
interference shorter MHM-97408, The following four things to reduce EMI and RFI Section The leads the as specially ease of to the that associated with to correctly the installation. the through grounded both Section ferrites the Section the such that matches the of expected interference Section The approach interference the and with of and the the of the the to the of EMI/RFI to the installation, that significantly immunity to EMI/RFI. to as as reasonably the of high-intensity RF strongly recommended that other this section using shorter The leads the as specially ease of installation. attempting to the that associated with to correctly the installation. the through shielding and increases immunity to EMI/RFI. the should grounded both the grounded the because screws the housing, which should grounded. Ensuring the grounded the (and the reduces coupling of the the and the the EMI and RFI
EMI and RFI MHM-97408, shows to the through that grounded both the housing grounded through the where mounted. Since the electrically connected to the housing, this effectively grounds the the Grounding the the as reduces the that to EMI/RFI coupled the employing this the of that of the the as as reasonably to the where the mounted to the monitored. Grounded
ferrites MHM-97408, The shipped with the To the performance of the the To the stated performance the These (P/N 28B0355-000), with each of with (as shipped from the factory) EMI and RFI
EMI and RFI MHM-97408, The installed. It (P/N 28B0672-000), which of with (as shipped from the factory) If immunity and through ferrites the other of the The performance of the cable-length with the CSI shipped with their To with the CE the with or accelerometers) the These ferrites the the factory they the of the and the typically to the To with the CE with than ferrites You to the the than
MHM-97408, From perspective, to the the (such as this type of shielding. that the of the inch NPT. If with inch NPT or M20) to the ferrites and the of the The ferrites with the that (polyurethane) P/N These the the where the the housing. You and/or heat-shrink with these The with the that Fair-Rite P/N These the and wire-ties and/or heat-shrink, or to them with and installation) EMI and RFI considerations
EMI and RFI MHM-97408, and ferrites to the CSI and grounding screw. the first of three ferrites (MHM-94985) the location the from the where the the gland. the the to the first; then the to the second. Apply force the that the This that the ferrites securely to the
MHM-97408, to the CSI and grounding screw. the first of the three ferrites the location the approximately from the where the the gland. the heat-shrink, or other location. the and third ferrites the to the first, and them with or heat-shrink. EMI and RFI
EMI and RFI MHM-97408, You that DC supply. This included with the the option. using option with ferrites This the of the used, might to the
MHM-97408, The this Fair-Rite P/N which that from to and It of inch of ferrites interference the of high-intensity RF field The the of the The (A) (non-armor-jacketed) without with matching that of the interference field, and with ferrites the of the The interference about which to of about to the The (B) of the type, without with that of the interference field. this there ferrites and the interference about which to of about to the the of high-intensity interference with and without A. With ferrites B. Without ferrites the and this EMI and RFI
EMI and RFI interference MHM-97408, shows that ferrites amount of RFI and to the of interference. the the that shipped from the factory, interference other The coupling the when the of the matches the interference such as or computers, vertically of the these items with of to EMI/RFI than of length. to to immunity interference, and installations that increase to vertically interference. RFI with interference)
MHM-97408, RFI with interference) EMI and RFI
EMI and RFI Summary MHM-97408, To immunity to EMI/RFI, the following when the of the CSI and its accelerometers: to interference that the the conforms with and grounded both this increases to vertically of interference.
Specifications and reference A.1 Functional MHM-97408, covered this Functional Physical Performance specifications specifications and mounting Supports or accelerometers, or with Section A.5 information. Wireless-enabled, with or input. The optional LCD s, F, and C. It of to once relative seconds to hour the CSI Specifications and reference
Specifications and reference MHM-97408, RMS velocity to to to to high stated RMS velocity: from to from to from to from to 2C F; C only): interference EN to to of the unspecified, this the of the Testing that high-intensity RF the to the meaningless. to the of the operating steady-state this obtained with with input of this obtained with 2C
A.2 Physical Reference F C), with of once and routing three LCD time-based of band. The housing non-polished Emerson information. MHM-97408, connections/power non-rechargeable, intrinsically lithium-thionyl with PBT reference screw terminals DC VDC, Communication terminals permanently attached to the Construction housing Polyurethane Cover and PBT PBT/PC integrated Mounting mounting mounting the Section A.6 information. CSI without LCD CSI with M5 LCD Housing NEMA 4X and IP66 with Specifications and reference
Specifications and reference A.3 Performance specifications A.4 specifications MHM-97408, The within 40F and 185F (40C and 85C). Table A-1: CSI 4F to 175F With LCD 40F to 185F Without LCD (EMC) The CSI IEC Typical Units of Modulation IEEE DSSS operating input conducted 20C to 80C 40C to 85C At PER DD V, 25C At PER, DD V, 25C DD V, 25C DD V, 25C 40F to 185F 40C to 85C 40F to 185F 40C to 85C (inferred from PER
A.5 and MHM-97408, A-2: A0394RI A0394RI-2 A0394RI-3 A0394RA A0394RA-2 A0394RA-3 A0394RAC A0394RAC-1 A0394RAC-2 A0394RAC-3 A0394RAC-4 and A0394DI A0394DI-1 A0394DI-2 A0394DI-3 A0394DI-4 A0394DA A0394DA-1 A0394DA-2 A0394DA-3 A0394DA-4 A0394DAC A0394DAC-1 A0394DAC-2 A0394DAC-3 A0394DAC-4 type Polyurethane Teflon coating Teflon coating Specifications and reference to from to to to from to to -40C to 125C
Specifications and reference MHM-97408, A-3: A0394RI-1 A0394RI-4 A0394RA-1 A0394RA-4 type Polyurethane to from to to
A.6 MHM-97408, specified separately. inches CSI with and mounting A-1: CSI with and A-2: Specifications and reference
Specifications and reference A.7 mounting MHM-97408, A-3: This facing should seat.
MHM-97408, A-3 shows specifications and when mounting the mount and A-4 shows the and incorrect process. Correct and incorrect A-4: Properly the that the to the mounting Specifications and reference
Specifications and reference MHM-97408, A-5 shows the specifications and the mounting when mounting the mounting A-5:
Product B.1 location B.2 Wireless MHM-97408, covered this location locations to the and the Emerson MHM, USA Telecommunications wireless to that they to the of the RF Nearly country this type of Emerson with governmental around the to supply products and the of country or wireless and Telecommunications Directive (R&TTE)(1999/5/EC) Emerson with the R&TTE Directive. FCC and IC This with of the FCC to the following This interference. This interference received, including interference that operation. This to of from CSI Product
Product MHM-97408, FCC ID: LW2RM2510 IC ID: 2731A-RM2510 Ordinary location (CSA) the examined and tested to that the mechanical, and fire protection CSA, nationally testing laboratory (NRTL) as accredited the Occupational and Health Administration (OSHA). CE The of the tested and with CE Country Restriction authorization and service. If of authorization required. Norway restricted the geographical within of from the of Ny-Alesund. secondary required. (EMC) (2004/108/EC) EN Association (CSA) CAN/CSA-C22.2 and Laboratory ISA S82.02.01 (IEC and and Related UL and Laboratory
B.3 locations MHM-97408, The CSI locations. of please reference The that appear the housing whether operation location. This further that the operated with the with the Product
Product MHM-97408,
C LCD MHM-97408, These the when the first connected to the CSI LCD Used to there On the LCD. The the to NIM This approximately seconds. Used to the LCD
LCD MHM-97408, LCD Preparation The the DSP and The and 8-character Information that the HART The Wireless Gateway this to
MHM-97408, LCD screen Joining and These the when the CSI the of the LCD This ID the what the to, the the Network the firmware of the The services to the Service Created Services obtained the through the Service The network services LCD
LCD MHM-97408, LCD Normal operating These the operation. LCD The services Service issued to the The services rejected the Service Rejected currently The connected to both the and the It ready to Network Preparation The the DSP and
MHM-97408, LCD The and the velocity, or supply the PV the velocity, or the SV the velocity, or supply the TV the velocity, or supply the QV LCD
LCD MHM-97408, LCD Network These the of the CSI LCD The collecting and it to the when Publish Shows the and collects/publishes The to information from the Wireless Gateway and the of activated. Network Unknown The and Network connected to the
MHM-97408, LCD screen Network Search The searching Network The and to establish The the and established with the Network Connected The to both the and the It to Network LCD
LCD MHM-97408, LCD These the of the CSI LCD Network The disconnected from the Disconnected There which the from operating correctly. At least The below the recommended operating If the operated, the should replaced. If the line-powered, the supply should increased.
MHM-97408, LCD The reached If the operated, the should replaced. If the the supply should increased. More At least LCD
LCD MHM-97408,