Motion and DA
throughout this to and each proceeding to the Motion service Location Telephone U.S.A. 800-522-MASS free) and America (U.S.A.) U.K. (toll-free) other locations other locations (The
Flowmeter Topics covered this chapter: option The of Motion The other the third the memory and and of which to installation. The from the You to mount the from the the and and and I/O to the
Motion and Remote with with three and of which the to the and the to the Core
option Remote with Junction The that type. Table Table type Motion Motion Not VDC AWG User-supplied You know option to correctly the VDC AWG VDC AWG RS-485 AWG or Core
Motion and The the of the You the to the option. The first four characters the type. The fifth character the type. The eighth character the option. The characters to installation. and Table DIN DIN with specifications to relative humidity, F C) IEC68.2.6, to EMI with EMC Directive 2004/108/EC EN option) If to mount the type option type to F to C) to F to C) with NAMUR NE-21 On of C
that the the to the housing. that the and the the The connected to DC to VDC II, A. M: supply B. R: C. L: Typical F C) Table / AWG / AWG / AWG / AWG / / / / / 19.2V 0.33A)
Mounting and installations Mounting and installations Mounting the to DIN Mounting Motion and Topics covered this chapter: Mounting the to DIN the the to the the The to mounted DIN The DIN grounded. Mounting the A. B. DIN C. release If the F C) and mounting mount the they least C
the Mounting A. or greater or B. or user-supplied the of terminating the wires. If with termination shielding, only to the to the shielding Mounting and installations
Mounting and installations Motion and Motion the wires through the and NPT M20 inch of the clear and inch of shielding. the wires around the shield and off the wires. the cover type inch of the clear and inch of shielding. wires wrapped around shield to the shielding to User-supplied the wires through the gland. the wires the gland. the shielding
and shielding shield type (armored Apply the Heat the shielded heat the wires. that the wires completely covered. Apply heat F or C) to the the the the with the of the heat heat the the shield or back the and inch the the the the housing. the wires through and tighten the the back Motion offers of shielded and armored. Both shield wires. The Motion consists of of and AWG wires the VDC and of white and AWG wires the RS-485 User-supplied the following Mounting and installations From the Motion (shielded type M20 NPT heat User-supplied from the shielded heat the shield and wires the the to instructions
Mounting and installations the to the Ground the Motion and Twisted Applicable the the the and the Table VDC AWG VDC AWG VDC AWG RS-485 AWG or the to the as the the four wires from the to terminals the ground the shield, or wires the installations, the and grounded RS-485B RS-485A VDC VDC+
CAUTION! grounding or to comply with installations to EN or If to the following wire, AWG or ground leads as as than ground leads directly to earth, or follow the to the instructions the the DIN The the of the housing the to the DIN Mounting and installations
Mounting and with installations Mounting and with Mounting the to DIN Mounting Motion and Topics covered this chapter: Mounting the to DIN Mount the the the to the the the to the the to the shielded or armored the The to mounted DIN The DIN grounded. Mounting the A. B. DIN C. release If the F C) and mounting mount the they least C
Mount the Mounting and with installations Mounting A. or or B. or This with installations. mounting the to four 5/16-inch (or M8) and that withstand the Motion supply or and as option). that the and or excessively. mounting the to 5/16-inch 2-inch and four that withstand the Motion supply or the least inches from base, and than inches If the housing the each of the four screws the that the oriented as Tighten the screws, to to to
Mounting and with the Motion and of A. Mounting B. screws the mounting to or user-supplied the of terminating the wires. If with termination shielding, to the to the shielding
Mounting and with installations Motion the wires through the and NPT M20 inch of the clear and inch of shielding. the wires around the shield and off the wires. the cover type inch of the clear and inch of shielding. wires wrapped around shield to the shielding to User-supplied the wires through the the wires the gland. the shielding
Mounting and with installations and Motion and shielding shield type (armored Apply the Heat the shielded heat the wires. that the wires completely covered. Apply heat F or C) to the the the the with the of the heat heat the the shield or back the and inch the the the the housing. the wires through and the the back Motion offers of shielded and armored. Both shield wires. The Motion consists of of and AWG wires the VDC and of white and AWG wires the RS-485 User-supplied the following From the Motion (shielded type M20 NPT heat from the shielded heat Terminate the shield and wires the the to instructions
the to the Mounting and with installations Twisted Applicable the the the and the Table VDC AWG VDC AWG VDC AWG RS-485 AWG or If Motion-supplied the housing, the to the A. with B. NPT with the to the as the the four wires from the to terminals the ground the shield, or wires the
Mounting and with the Motion and Motion three of shielded, and armored. The type of the the type. RS-485B RS-485A VDC VDC+
inches of the clear and the that around the insulated wires and them. the wires the off each as as to the the inch heat-shrink the wires and The should completely the of the wires. Heat-shrink Without burning the apply heat to Recommended F C). Allow the to cool, then inch of insulation from each wire. Mounting and with the inches of the clear and the that around the insulated wires and them. the wires the and them together. the other to the of the the together. the 3-inch heat-shrink the wires. the as as to the the inch heat-shrink the The should completely of the wires that to the Heat-shrink Heat-shrink wires Without burning the apply heat to Recommended F C). Allow the to cool, then inch of insulation from each wire. the
Mounting and with installations shielded or armored Without the shield, inches of outer inches of shield, inch of shield exposed. the shield that the shield and inches of the clear and the that around the insulated wires and them. the wires the each as as to the wires the inch heat-shrink the The should completely cover the of the wires. Heat-shrink Without burning the apply heat to Recommended F C). Allow the to cool, then inch of insulation from each wire. and Motion and shielded or armored the outer shield Without the shield, inches of inches of shield, inch of shield exposed. the shield that the shield and inches of the clear and the that around the insulated and them. the wires the and them together. the other wires to the of the the wires together. the 3-inch heat-shrink the wires. the as as to the the inch heat-shrink the The should completely cover of the that to the Heat-shrink Heat-shrink wires Without burning the apply heat to Recommended F C). Allow the to cool, then inch of insulation from each wire. shielded or armored the shield
Mounting and with installations Motion three of shielded, and armored. the following the types: Armored mechanical protection the wires. Jacketed than shielded or armored If ATEX required, the with PVC or Teflon FEP Teflon FEP the following types: installations that include installations with of or than and than F C). and High High PVC F C) F C) F C) F C) Teflon FEP F C) F C) F C) F C) of Table PVC inches inches inches Teflon FEP inches inches inches of shielded PVC inches inches inches Teflon FEP inches inches inches Static Static
Mounting and with installations Motion and of armored Table PVC inches inches inches Teflon FEP inches inches inches Cross-section of A. B. C. shield D. Static C
Mounting and with Cross-section of shielded A. B. Tin-plated shield C. shield D. E. F. shield G. Cross-section of armored A. B. shield C. shield total) D. E. F. shield G. C C
Mounting and with installations the to the using Motion and ATEX installations, the user-supplied sealed that termination shielding the CAUTION! intrinsically To intrinsically the from and CAUTION! from such as motors, and which of or or flow CAUTION! Improperly sealed housings to which or and necessary. Inspect and grease and and housing covers and the through the and the To from the threads of the apply to the threads, or threads with PTFE to three the the that the threads when the the cover and At both the and the following: and to the 9-wire. the through the the the of each the the and wires should exposed. and Table Remote Function Black screw wires
and Mounting and with installations and Table (continued) Remote Function pickoff Right Right White pickoff Ground the shield wires (the wire) the connecting to the ground screw the ground to the mounting screw. ground the the Tighten the screws to the of grease then the junction-box and housing covers and screws, as
Mounting and with installations Motion and ELITE, and terminals A. B. C. D. E. White F. G. H. I. D, and DL terminals C
Mounting and with installations DT terminals (user-supplied with A. Earth ground Remote terminals A. B. C. D. E. F. G. White H. I. J. Mounting screw K. screw C
Mounting and with the to the shielded or armored Motion and ATEX installations, shielded or armored with both the and that ATEX purchased from Motion. from other used. CAUTION! from such as motors, and which of gland, or or flow CAUTION! the the housing and the that the wires and shields with the or the housing. of or or CAUTION! Improperly sealed housings to which or and necessary. Inspect and grease and and housing covers and the of the and and C A. B. C. D. E. shield F. G. or heat-shrink H. seat (shown as to I. Unscrew the from the
Mounting and with installations Screw the the the Tighten to hand-tight. the and the the oriented the properly with the of the the through the the shield the of the the the shield. Screw the the Tighten the and hand to that the the shield. (1-inch) wrench to the and to foot-pounds of Cross-section of assembled with C A. B. C. Seal D. E. shield F. G. the cover and At both the and the to the following the of each the the and matching wires should exposed.
Mounting and with installations and terminals Motion and and Function Black Ground screw wires pickoff Right Right pickoff White Notes Ground the shield wires (the wire) only the to the ground screw the ground to the mounting screw. ground the the the both terminating it the the screws to the of grease then the cover and and screws, as required.
Mounting and with installations ELITE, and terminals A. B. C. D. E. White F. G. H. I. D, and DL terminals C
Mounting and with installations Motion and DT terminals (user-supplied with A. Earth ground Remote terminals A. B. C. D. E. F. G. White H. I. J. Mounting screw K. screw C
the Mounting and with installations with installation, the and grounded CAUTION! grounding or flow to with installations to EN or If to the following grounding: wire, AWG or ground leads as as than ground leads directly to earth, or follow Ground the to the instructions the the DIN The the of the housing grounds the to the DIN Ground the to the internal ground screw. Remote internal ground screw
the supply the supply the supply Motion and the supply to terminals and and to to another or of together. terminals A. supply (VDC) B. to or
I/O Topics covered this chapter: HART A. and to HART I/O
I/O HART Motion and A. B. HART-compatible or HART ground the to ground. HART A. B. HART-compatible or C. HART-compatible D. or SMART FAMILY E. F. VDC supply C
I/O covered this chapter: output input A. and to and to B. HART I/O
I/O HART Motion and A. B. HART-compatible or HART ground the to ground. HART A. B. HART-compatible or C. D. or SMART FAMILY E. F. VDC C
Internally Internally A. Counter B. and C. C and C I/O
I/O Motion and B) High C) High VDC VDC
Externally Externally C A. Counter B. and C. C and D. VDC E. CAUTION! VDC the than I/O
I/O Internally Motion and Recommended supply
Internally A. B. (DO1) and C. C (DO2) and B) High C VDC I/O
I/O Externally Motion and C) High Externally A. VDC B. (DO1) and C. C (DO2) Terminals and D. or DC relay C VDC
input Internally input CAUTION! VDC the than Recommended supply Internally input I/O
I/O Externally input Motion and Externally input C A. PLC or other B. VDC C. Direct DC input PLC/other or DC input. VDC High
Specifications Input/output Topics covered this chapter: Input/output Physical Table Input/output Three of terminals Screw or conductors, to AWG to The of terminals the tion: DC Core The of the tion to the One the RS-485 to the The to terminals or conductors, to AWG to temporary to the service One of terminals or service On seconds to service seconds, the terminals to One to supply to the terminals or conductors, to AWG to Specifications
Specifications Motion and Input/output Table Inputs/outputs One active HART the Input/output Table Inputs/outputs One or active HART the to humidity, F C) IEC68.2.6, to EMI with EMC Directive 2004/108/EC EN option) One active to initiate One active or output One or One input to initiate to F to C) to F to C) with NAMUR NE-21 On of C
Physical Specifications
Specifications Motion and 3/8 To of 4 mount NPT or M20 NPT