Reference BA Rosemount www.rosemountnuclear.com
IMPORTANT NOTICE ERRATA Product BA Affected Effect. of CF3M of 316L SST) 316L SST 3/8-inch 316L SST NPT optional) the first the to as follows: as option. with with the both the and the board. Please reference Table (Rosemount the numbers. Table 6-2,Rosemount locations the following updated: Table 6-2,Rosemount the footnotes to which as follows: Amplifier Board, R: Amplifier with R: Amplifier Board, R, N0026: SST O: O: O: IMPORTANT NOTICE: To when purchasing or Rosemount D2011019 to that the to and the associated Amplifier the referenced with Amplifier Boards.
Reference BA Rosemount www.rosemountnuclear.com Rosemount Read this with the and and performance, thoroughly the or this service the United States, the Rosemount Within the United States, the North American service hours and Rosemount service If what to about the or service or the free 1-800-654-RSMT This to and about Rosemount group, or service. Rosemount and the Rosemount of Rosemount Inc. of Rosemount Inc. D.C. of Corning. of Corporation. of Union of of E/M Corporation. 1153-001AB NOTICE Rosemount Inc. obligations from legislation to the Union.
Reference BA Rosemount Rosemount Inc. Warranty and of The warranty and of to this Rosemount as stated the of the Rosemount and acknowledgment Authorization from Rosemount Inc. to Rosemount Inc. Authorization (RMA). Rosemount without Authorization. without authorization to to customer. whether or of warranty, should shipped to: The Rosemount Class IE tested IEEE and as the D8300040, and to the of NQA-1; 10CFR50, and 10CFR testing, interfaces the and its that to IEEE To with 10CFR the with the throughout its installation, operation, and It the to that the Rosemount Inc. traceability throughout the of the to the of the the interfaces compromised. Performance of operations the other than those specifically authorized this the interface. Where the the terms or the instructions referenced followed. Rosemount Inc. responsibility and which the with the Rosemount Inc. MN USA RETURN OF MATERIAL IMPORTANT
Reference BA Rosemount Revision (Old) (New) from to from AA to BA cover, back cover Include information P/N with with P/N with R, N0026 P/N with Throughout Throughout References to Fisher-Rosemount to Emerson back cover back cover back reference to Union (CE) of to each section Updated reference to and process from indicating user responsibility the interface Rearranged shielded reference to 353C to Notes to to information the and ISO to ISO mount P/N with P/N cover information NOTE The Revision the Please to both www.rosemountnuclear.com From to back cover Include information and phone from www.rosemount.com to www.rosemountnuclear.com
Reference BA Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount SECTION About The Introduction SECTION Considerations. Mechanical Considerations Considerations Procedures Mechanical SECTION Procedures and Linearity Correction High (Rosemount 1153DD and 1153HD Only). SECTION The Linearity Polarity Protection www.rosemountnuclear.com of
Reference BA Rosemount SECTION and Troubleshooting SECTION Specifications and Reference TOC-2 Procedure. Housing Removing from Housing Reassembly Procedure Connecting Housing to Housing Reassembly Reassembly Post-assembly Specifications Both Performance Specifications. Functional Specifications. Physical Specifications Shelf Life. Notice
Reference BA Rosemount Section Introduction OVERVIEW This to operating, and the Rosemount The the following ABOUT THE Rosemount TRANSMITTER performance and specified life. These generically tested to the IEEE and IEEE the D8300040. The Rosemount tested to typical of Water Reactors (PWR) the includes traceability of cleaning, and testing. www.rosemountnuclear.com About The Section Introduction Section mechanical, and to through and effective installation. Section Section Operation of the operates. Section and Troubleshooting troubleshooting including and reassembly procedures, and post-assembly tests. Section Specifications and Reference performance, functional, and physical specifications; includes information, and of Rosemount of to Class 1E service while the and of the Rosemount that become of service. Units (A), (G), (D), and High-Line (H) with of options Table shows
Reference BA Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount Section OVERVIEW This section information and instructions the following installation-related information: GENERAL The and of flow, or the of the and its associated CONSIDERATIONS and flow of the to the of the should the effects of and fluctuations, and and shock operation. when the to the caused incorrect installation. The of the affects the of the Qualified www.rosemountnuclear.com Considerations Mechanical Considerations Considerations Procedures Considerations Mechanical Considerations Considerations Procedures Mechanical Qualified (Years) (F) Qualified
Reference BA Rosemount MECHANICAL This section information should when to mount the this section proceeding to the CONSIDERATIONS mechanical mechanical the This the or the to the Mount the Rosemount to with mechanical of or mounting included with the mounting. shows mounting The tested and with the mounted using four with to to the mounted with the the to the head caused the height of the If mount the to that input to the mounting Rosemount D8300040. The to the with using options using NPT the the interface. with A, D, H, J, L, or shipped with Included front rear and that they the with the and relative shown A, and of thickness the involved. The completely assembled and ready them they become or the and the the that the the shoulder of the and that the tight. Tighten the one-and-one-quarter and ready The and without the To the with the the front the the hand, then turn or to the one-and-one-quarter tight Then slightly with wrench. information the of to: MS-01-140 and If the to them to when closing.
Reference BA location of the with to the the location, the following: or from contacting the from the and readings. as as the head both of the flow or the of the to and mount the or below the the flow or the top or of the and mount the or the the flow or the of the and mount the below the the with service, the with to from contacting the chambers the of the The the and the the measured the to the of this Friction used). Trapped or (head (head To the of the following as as least inch foot the and least inch foot the high and of to friction effects. that from that of to with Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount The to the NPT. the to from the of the housing To the from mechanical to the or the the the with the instructions or the ELECTRICAL This section information that should when to to the this section CONSIDERATIONS proceeding to the the following: both the using both to the the to the and through of the through the The Rosemount when connected to typical consisting of supply, and receivers The supply least to the terminals or the operation. supply appears the The supply relationship shown D8300040 The the of the of the leads and the of the receivers. shielded, the electrically shielded should or with or heavy (floating) or grounded the The grounded or ungrounded. The alternating to This with of This coupled to ground through the of this coupling, the choice of grounding. This which as high-frequency Computers with where the grounded this with f) or LC the grounded other affected this and
Reference BA Rosemount DC DC (V DC) Qualified (V DC) Qualified
Reference BA Rosemount INSTALLATION consists of mounting the and and Following procedures each operation. PROCEDURES Mechanical Typical Mounting Bracket PANEL MOUNTING HOLE PATTERN (BACK SIDE) NOTE inches to the the and the housing. The threaded interface the and the housing hermetically The of this the of the If the reseal to Connecting Housing to Mount the to or other four with SAE testing. each to the to the mounting four with washers with each to (Customer Supplied) MOUNTING BRACKET FOR PANEL MOUNT SHOWN IN TYPICAL MOUNTING CONFIGURATION of (Bracket Included) Clearance ACCEPTABLE ALTERNATE MOUNTING NOTES with to Units mounted with to of (Bracket Included)
Reference BA (Optional NPT DETAIL NOTE inches UNF (Typical) ROSEMOUNT 1153AD AND 1153GD UNF (Typical) (GD only) Rosemount ROSEMOUNT 1153DD AND 1153HD NPT to of (Optional NPT NPT (Optional NPT to of (Optional NPT Clearance (Typical) Nameplate and (this (this UNC Clearance Cover (Typical) Nameplate and (this (this (GD only) UNC
Reference BA Rosemount the threads with thread (the interface using threads with NPT Steam Service or Starting thread the the and or of the housing securely to the threaded the and the housing installation. the necessary. Cooling Rosemount 1153DD, HD Rosemount 1153DD, HD LIQUID SERVICE Steam Service or Flow GAS SERVICE Flow Rosemount 1153AD, GD Cooling Rosemount 1153AD, GD
Reference BA the cover from the of the the leads to the SIGNAL terminals the the screws to or hand-tight. leads to the TEST the polarity. the cleanliness. If or the seat and of the cover with with grease (RMT P/N or P/N The Corning Grease. the threads of the covers with cover (Rosemount P/N or necessary; covers already sufficiently lubricated, the and to Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount Section OVERVIEW Each factory to the specified the This section the following information: CALIBRATION The Rosemount 1153DD, HD, GD, and AD factory to the shown the This within the of the to the Rosemount 1153AD) or The and and located the The Rosemount continuously to allow anywhere and of of the continuously and O. The to of or of www.rosemountnuclear.com Procedures Procedures The or to these with the that within the the to the the of The to to O) this of linearity and Linearity Correction High
Reference BA Rosemount O) O) or O) based to O) Rosemount with of O.
Reference BA CALIBRATION PROCEDURES and and NOTE The Rosemount boards which NOTE and The and screws externally. They located the the of the housing The increases with clockwise of the screws. The screw the The however, the The of interaction with or The the and the approximately the Therefore, to the from to the and the the screw to the or Initial to with O). to with O). Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount the to existing or With to the the the reads The to O. the to the To reduce the the screw the with input, the screw to the with input, back to The should to to O. the and the and required. predictably. the screw affects the as as affects the To this completing the reads O, the the O) reads Turn the screw the reads with to the high of the (applying to the the The the reading obtained. If this off to the and the to Housing and to the board). To or amount, the following A. Wire: QQW343, ASTM B33. QQ-S-571. A, QQ-S-571 RA. with follow B1 the four Follow B2 the three with follow B2. Existing the affects as as the the increase increase Therefore, the O) the reads The should to O.
Reference BA Linearity to the and there linearity located the the Linearity factory performance the of the and normally the field. If to linearity the following B1. PAmplifier with To follow the the the the A3) B2. and PAmplifier with To follow the the the and the SZ B3) and and necessary. NOTE There mechanical the and there when the of of the backlash, the the overshot, to intentionally overshoot amount the of the Rosemount the wire, and the of the the A2) Turn the and the to the length. with the to the board. Clean with isopropyl the back and the the of the board. wires them To the and the EZ B2) the once around each and off the the to the terminals Clean thoroughly with the back and the
Reference BA Rosemount Apply and the theoretical and Apply the noted and the factor. the to the or the from the the linearity At 4-to-1 the Therefore, the Linearity output increases and NOTE If cover the the and the the instructions Section and Troubleshooting. cover with each Allowable Rangedown Factor
Reference BA DETAIL A1 DETAIL A2 (To DETAIL A3 (To P OUTPUT EZ SZ EZ SZ EZ SZ Rosemount R OUTPUT AND P OUTPUT WITH TURRETS Wire) Wire) DETAIL B1 DETAIL B2 (To DETAIL B3 (To
Reference BA Rosemount Linearity and as option. with with the both the (RMT P/N and the (RMT P/N The of the located the right-hand of the board The when to the of least seconds and seconds with the option and shipped with the the counterclockwise the To the the the obtained. It to the to the shortest affected the the with the the process. The both Forcing the the NOTE If the the and the cover the instructions Section and Troubleshooting cover with each Linearity of Housing (Cover (Optional R Only)
Reference BA Correction High (Rosemount 1153DD and 1153HD Only) If with the high the to the of the If or the Correction factors, of input of input/1,000 and of input/1,000 and of input/1,000 The correction below the following to to operated that based the section to and O. correction factor: correction terms of Convert correction to of input correction terms of the correction to the This the corrected Rosemount input input
Reference BA Rosemount with systematic. the includes the and with the operating correction terms of with the of with the of the correction to the This the corrected and corrected There of of input reading associated with the correction. to both and the the input the If the include within its the or correction the or to the correcting the The following to the The from to with input
Reference BA the to the with the or to Apply to both high and with the and the correction the reads the correction and the as outlined the correction the to the If, the correction and the the correction found to the To the the the reads the the that the the amount the reading. The O. Rosemount and the associated with this correction, as this when the The its when the operated
Reference BA Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount Section OVERVIEW This section of operations the following TRANSMITTER The the of the OPERATION www.rosemountnuclear.com The Linearity Polarity Protection Operation The Linearity and Polarity Protection Rosemount the the and the plates to Where: the C2 C1 K1 C1 C2
Reference BA Rosemount Block Detector C the the high and the C the the and the Where: the the the Where: the C and C Therefore: Iref C1 C2 C2 C1 C2 C1 Iref C2 C1 Curr. Polarity Protection
Reference BA The THE -CELL SENSOR transmitted through and to the of the The reference to the other of the DEMODULATOR The consists of that rectifies the from the to LINEARITY Linearity and The through this of the the ADJUSTMENT of the This correction that the to nonlinearity of as function of ROSEMOUNT 1153DD, HD, GD Lead Wires Seals The of the the plates both of the The the and The through roughly and The (the of the through to integrated amplifier. The through third directly to The and thermistor located the The of the thermistor located the housing. Rosemount ROSEMOUNT 1153AD Lead Wires Plates Insulation Seals Reference (C C Plates Insulation
Reference BA Rosemount OSCILLATOR The the of the and the inductance of the VOLTAGE REGULATOR The and to of the reference and the ZERO AND SPAN of and that that with the The ADJUSTMENTS switch switches the as CURRENT CONTROL The consists of integrated transistors, and associated The IC reference established the of The the to such that the back to the of the and the CURRENT LIMIT the from exceeding REVERSE POLARITY polarity protection. PROTECTION The Therefore, the about of integrated as feedback and the such that: with that the amount of that and back to the amplifier. Iref C1 C2
Reference BA Rosemount Section and Troubleshooting OVERVIEW This section the and reassembly, and troubleshooting SAFETY MESSAGES Instructions and this section to the of the people the operations. Information that indicated The following appear this section. www.rosemountnuclear.com Procedure Reassembly Procedure Post-assembly NOTE of traceability of the responsibility of the user Notice and Notice of this Table of The Rosemount and of outlined Section should conducted to this factor the terminals further the three active physical the the board, and the board. of the the following parentheses to item the only the and specifically referenced this to performance and Unauthorized procedures or the to life, or property.
Reference BA Rosemount TEST TERMINALS The terminals connected through which the The indicating or the when connected to the as the the terminals below the threshold through the To that there through the while reading or when indicating the of the or should BOARD CHECKOUT NOTE parentheses to item SENSING MODULE CHECKOUT of If this to NOTE The Rosemount boards which You easily the boards and malfunction boards the If this malfunctioning board, the to Rosemount Inc. of traceability, becomes the responsibility of the the of unauthorized repairs. The R and P boards interchangeable and used. They however, as R with the R board and with the P board This to the P board. NOTE parentheses to item The field-repairable and If such as or of the the following
Reference BA DISASSEMBLY PROCEDURE the header assembly as the housing You the from the housing and the header assembly board the the and housing. This should than the and the header assembly board and NOTE The completely the If board the and other the NOTE parentheses to item NOTE The Rosemount boards which of If this to NOTE the Reassembly disassembly. testing and traceability required. the from service the four to scratch or the high and (H and L) reassembly. NOTE the from the they off when the the from its seat as the Clean isolating with and cleaning or to the with Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount Housing The terminals and terminals the the This as the The terminals permanently attached to the housing and Removing from Housing REASSEMBLY PROCEDURE boards located as the from the the cover. Unscrew the cover the to the boards. cover wrench (RMT P/N from Rosemount to and the housing covers. the three holding screws The header assembly permanently attached to the and the resistors. this board off the and the about the the leads. This allows to the board Disconnect the board the and screws that their to the board. the screw the the board and the board off the If of the and screws necessary, the and the the housing. board and board as the Housing Section the Unscrew the from the housing, turning the header and leads to them from or The threaded and to the when the Then the header assembly board through the The assembly and further NOTE parentheses to item NOTE The Rosemount boards which
Reference BA the cover whenever cover. Clean the with necessary, and lightly grease the with Corning Grease (Rosemount P/N or P/N the threads of the covers with cover (Rosemount P/N or necessary; covers already sufficiently lubricated, Connecting Housing to Housing If and screws with Lightly grease the with Reassembly Corning Grease (Rosemount P/N or P/N the screws and with that the boards clean. that the the clean. If the the thread from the threads, and housing threads with the to the of the threads. Apply heavy, (about of PST (RMT P/N around the top threads. the header assembly board through the the of the housing. Screw the the housing that threads to or the leads. Turn the header board to the wires. the with the high and oriented as the one-half turn further to the of the about the housing. Tighten the to off sealant. the assembled F C) hours to the the and screws with the the and the board the the header assembly board the with the the the board, to the the and with holding screws of in-lb the cover and to (Preliminary the and with screws Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount the with the Reassembly POST-ASSEMBLY TESTS Conduct testing to of or whichever the of the high (H) of the the the of the the of the or as shown to the or the On and the (L) of the If each and the If the reassemble with the high the to each other and to the the four (and four washers and the and the of and washers the to of the and of washers existing and/or that the the re-assembled. Rosemount Inc. there seat the the housing, using wrench as specified through to the and to C and to the and B. the C and D. and to of and to the expected operating and high-line and to the expected operating the the section of this Conduct cleaning to of
Reference BA Typical Rosemount DETAIL Rosemount Cover Housing Assembly Amplifier and Screws Screws Nameplate Screw Nameplate Screws C Rosemount C 1154-1154A02D
Reference BA Rosemount Table Item To Bracket to Mounting to Bracket instructions to or of Reassembly Screws in-lb or tight in-lb Amplifier Screws
Reference BA Troubleshooting. Symptom Source Corrective Action High or or that and that of unchanged. the that and the clean. If the suspect, trying boards. board. section. The field and found to defective. instructions disassembly. such as or and Rosemount Inc. the supply the or installation or to the the rating of the supply the shorts and grounds. polarity the insulation to shorts to ground. that the correct. or the that and that tightly closed. that of the or other the unchanged. that allowable shorts leads. clean, and the If the suspect, housing. trying boards. board. section. The field and found to Procedure instructions disassembly. such as isolating or and Rosemount Inc. the output Rosemount to the or to the Next
Reference BA Rosemount Symptom Source Corrective Action to the shorts, and grounds. and and shorts or that and the and properly connected. trying boards. board. supply to the or to the
Reference BA Rosemount Section Specifications and Reference NUCLEAR Qualified IEEE and IEEE as stated Rosemount D8300040. SPECIFICATIONS Radiation: Radiation: www.rosemountnuclear.com Specifications Performance Specifications Functional Specifications Physical Specifications Notice within of and to integrated of within of and with ZPA of of Steam within and to the following and F C), F C), F C), hours F C), hours F C), operation of of DBE Operation: reference within of following DBE within of and to integrated of of within of and with ZPA of of
Reference BA Rosemount Both Chemical Steam within and to the following and F C), F C), F C), hours F C), hours of of Additional Radiation: of the tests, the to TID. Performance: of of of DBE Operation: reference within of year following DBE. boric thiosulfate, and as to of and from to Chemical sprayed of Quality with NQA-1, 10CFR50 B, and ISO To Testing: To of or whichever Traceability: with NQA-1 and 10CFR50 B; and physical of Qualified Life: the of the and boards the of their of the to the life. of the the Rosemount D8300040.
Reference BA Qualified PERFORMANCE Based reference SPECIFICATIONS of includes of linearity, and repeatability of months of F C) Effect Rosemount 1153DD: Rosemount Qualified (Years) of of of Effect of of of of Qualified (F)
Reference BA Rosemount Rosemount 1153HD: Rosemount 1153GD and 1153AD: Static Effect Rosemount 1153DD: Rosemount 1153HD: Static The systematic and installation. Correction of input reading/1,000 Effect than of output of of of of of of of of of of
Reference BA other than the the supply to the Mounting of to which F C) as follows: through N-Option. Rosemount seconds or seconds or seconds or
Reference BA Rosemount FUNCTIONAL Service SPECIFICATIONS or as shown and Continually externally and of of of of and such that neither the the or of the DC DC (V DC) Qualified (V DC) Qualified
Reference BA Normal operating to F to C) Qualified to F to C) Humidity (NEMA 4X) than Turn-On seconds required. Rosemount 1153DD and 1153HD: Rosemount 1153GD and 1153AD: Rosemount 1153DD and 1153HD: Static Rosemount 1153GD and 1153AD: Rosemount to (D only) to to to to to to to to to to (D only) to to (G only) to to (G only) to to to to to to to to to to (G only) to to (G only) to
Reference BA Rosemount PHYSICAL of Construction SPECIFICATIONS Static and Rosemount 1153DD: to to rated within specifications; without to the Rosemount 1153HD: to to rated within specifications; without to the Rosemount 1153GD and Rosemount 1153AD: within specifications from to without to the Diaphragms: 316L SST SST CF-8M of SST) 316L SST Housing and Plated ASTM A-540 Housing: SST Mounting 316L SST Mounting (Bracket to SAE J429 or
Reference BA SST NPT optional) NPT with screw including mounting Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount Specifications. Product Applications Static Static SST Housing; IEEE and IEEE to N/A N/A to to to to to N/A to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to N/A to to to to to N/A N/A N/A to to N/A N/A N/A to to Radiation Performance, Option and NPT and NPT and Not Included) One Option and Remote Seal One Option and Remote One Option C and Remote Remote Seals and and NPT One Option and Remote Seal One Option and C Typical The Rosemount with the with Specify this option N0037 to the of the 1153DD4RA N0037 Customer responsibility interfaces this option. Rosemount Inc. Rosemount 1153D Rosemount 1153H F Rosemount 1153A Rosemount 1153G
Reference BA Table Rosemount Traceable Quantity Item Amplifier Cir. Board, Cir. Board, Amplifier Cir. Board, Cir. Board, Amplifier Cir. with Cir. with SST Housing, SST SST Wrench Hollow Screw Screw each) NPT NPT/18 NPT SST and Seat SST Screw Screw Screw each) each) SST each) D.C. D.C. PST Thread NOTE includes SST Rosemount Rosemount 1153DD C C Next Rosemount 1153HD Rosemount 1153GD Rosemount 1153AD
Reference BA Rosemount Traceable Item Assembly Screw Nameplate Screw and of of of Mounting Bracket with Universal Mounting Bracket with and Washers Bracket of Mount Bracket Mount Bracket (Bracket and Elbow (M22) Elbow NPT) Amplifier Board, R, N0026 Rosemount or A, or every B, and or every C. and type. Each and the of and washers the to of the and of washers existing and/or that the the re-assembled. Rosemount Inc. there with existing N0026 only. NOTE: tested or cleaned. Shelf and with ANSI N45.2.2 B. Qualified boards, The (as D8300040) the to the typical of the years) when the below F. and The of the of with the and/or the of shipment. The of months shelf the of other Shelf Rosemount 1153DD Rosemount 1153HD Rosemount 1153GD Rosemount 1153AD
Reference BA IMPORTANT NOTICE There factors to concerning of and traceability of the these Rosemount Inc. the assembly of the to that the the the Rosemount Inc. to that the satisfied. This responsibility shifted to the The of the as originally assembled ramifications 10CFR21, which the These traceability which the the of this, and to the of the the that with the Rosemount Inc. and Notes R boards of interchangeable with P boards of Rosemount tested or cleaned. shown from those currently supplied. The shown the of of this the and interchangeable with those as to the and function of the required. Please accordingly. Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount
Reference BA Rosemount About The Both C Procedures Connecting Housing to Correction High (Rosemount 1153DD and 1153HD Only) Procedure Considerations Housing Housing Reassembly Functional Specifications Considerations Humidity Notice Procedure Introduction www.rosemountnuclear.com Linearity Effect of Construction Mechanical Considerations Mounting Effect Specifications Performance Specifications Physical Specifications Post-assembly Effect Reassembly Qualified Reassembly Procedure Removing from Housing Polarity Protection Rosemount Rosemount and Shelf Static and Static Effect Terminals The The References Specifications Graph Troubleshooting Turn-On Typical Rosemount Typical Mounting Bracket and
Reference BA Rosemount Index-2
The Emerson and service of Emerson Rosemount, the Rosemount and of Rosemount Inc. of Rosemount, Inc. other the property of their respective owners. Emerson Rosemount Inc. MN USA (U.S.) www.rosemountnuclear.com 00809-XXXX-XXXX Rosemount Inc. rights Rosemount Inc. obligations from legislation to the Union. Reference BA