Reference P/N C (9-wire) or Peripheral Instructions Rack-Mount technical the EXPERT www.expert2.com. To to service the the U.S.A., phone 1-800-522-MASS and America, phone phone the U.K., phone (toll-free) the U.K., Motion TM
BEFORE YOU BEGIN This reference mounting the Motion platform 19-inch information I.S. to Motion ATEX, UL, or CSA instructions. instructions about and service, to the instruction shipped with the Motion, Inc. rights Motion of Motion, Inc. The Motion and Emerson of Emerson other property of their respective owners. information about applications, to Motion ATEX, UL, or CSA instructions, shipped with the or from the Motion or death. and supplying or Follow instructions to correctly. WARNING WARNING CAUTION
installations This Motion with when properly with the instructions this reference to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com/atex or through Motion mounting the includes the following One DIN input/output with or screw terminals only) One DIN with or screw terminals One supply or screws, to the STEP Choosing location Choose location the based the below. the where and F and C). If platforms least HE) of to
HE inches The the following or HE) Width: HP or TE) Depth: The conforms to DIN (IEC 19-inch racks. to three HE) HE) HE) HE) HE)
mounting HE inches HP TE inch inches 19-inch conforms to DIN and IEC included with inches Flowmeter from the to the If the peripheral with the from the to the input HE) Rear mounting that to DIN and IEC Not included with HP TE) HP TE) Optional screw Intrinsic shield only)
STEP and of and indicated of should HP TE) HP (TE) and HP (TE). The platform shipped with or screw-type input/output or screw-type only), and supply from the front of the the screws to the the back of the as follows: the of the as reference and to the input/output HP TE) from the neighboring or from the of the only) the HP TE) from the neighboring or from the of the the HP TE) from the neighboring or from the of the
of and screws and from front of screws and three four screws and STEP the the the with the the the the the back with the Tighten the screws to the front of the to the Input/output HP TE) from neighboring or from of should HP TE) HP TE) and HP TE) HP TE) from neighboring or from of HP TE) from neighboring or from of
STEP Connecting input and input and to the the input/output which the right to and to the that the the top (shown to AWG to twisted-pair shielded wire. the shields only. Table Input/output terminals Secondary input input input (B (A RS-485 Input/output STEP Connecting the to the To the to Motion follow the below. If the peripheral, this required.
the shown to the to the instructions Motions Preparation and that the shielding, from the to the used: or armored to Motions Flowmeter Preparation and instructions. At the the wires. the housing and the screws to the wires information the or Motions Preparation and from wires from white white
At the the wires to the To the to wires should exposed. If shielded or armored the to the as Motions Preparation and STEP Connecting supply to the to supply as follows: to AWG to wire. Ground the supply the ground to the the supply ground directly to earth ground. ground leads as as that ground than wires to the and switch the with 73/23/EEC installations), switch to the required. or To or the or as input/output off supply the platform. supply matches that indicated supply CAUTION
supply terminals supply terminals DC AC
Motion, Inc. rights P/N C the www.micromotion.com Motion Inc. USA Worldwide Headquarters Circle Motion Emerson KW The Motion United Emerson Bredbury SK6 2SU U.K. Motion TM Motion Emerson of Motion Emerson NF 5F