and P/N October Motion with the and Application and
Motion, Inc. rights ELITE and and MVD and MVD Direct of Motion, Inc., Motion of Motion, Inc., The Motion and Emerson and service of Emerson other property of their respective owners.
Chapter You This chapter to the of this and includes This the to and troubleshoot the with the and throughout this to and each proceeding to the options with of the Table the information that and to the information. information With II software Software Revision Core software Core CP SW information. Table Flowmeter Topic Installation: and and You II Flowmeter
You Communication of the procedures this the of To and the with the and II or or customer-written that the interface. features, II or required; this noted where information II and II to Chapter information, the II with the II software or the Motion (www.micromotion.com). information the interface, with Motion November P/N C Assignments Motion October P/N only) Both of these the Motion the The Section to information about and and This information options as through this the and to You to with or to the information. If of this and each Motion with the and Application
You Item type Other Installation type Remote with software Core type Enhanced Core software Assignment Secondary flow II and C input Active high Active C Active high Active flow You II
You Motion service service, the the U.S.A., 800-522-MASS (toll-free) and phone Customers the U.S.A. Motion service Motion with the and Application other locations, phone the U.K., (toll-free) other locations, (The
Chapter Connecting with II Software II Windows-based and Motion It to functions and This chapter basic information connecting II to The following topics and Section upload/download Section Connecting to Section The instructions this that already with II software. information using II, or instructions II, the II software which with II, and the Motion (www.micromotion.com). To II with with the and the following required: II or to the and II or to The and RS-485 to RS-232 or USB to RS-232 to PC) II upload/download II upload/download function which allows to to PC. This allows: and of replication of Motion that to PC as as the to the and included the or and RS-485 to RS-232, the Black RS-232 RS-485 Interface Converter IC521A-F) from Motion. USB to RS-232, the Black USB IC138A-R2) used. You II
Connecting with II Software To the upload/download function: II to as this chapter. the Connecting from PC to II software with the RS-485 physical There types: RS-485 SP (service Both the RS-485 terminals (terminals and These terminals service seconds this the terminals to RS-485 To service II and the Once service the terminals service You and as often as required, as as to service To RS-485 II appropriately, the to then The terminals RS-485 and and as often as required, as as to RS-485 To from service to RS-485 or to the and the type. To PC to the RS-485 terminals or RS-485 the to the of PC, to required. To to the RS-485 the leads to and To to RS-485 the leads to the or from with the with the both of the that the disconnected from PLC. Motion with the and Application To to PC, the from to option. To or to the to from option.
Connecting with II Software RS-485 to PC RS-485 to RS-232 to necessary) RS-485 to PC RS-485 to RS-232 to necessary) II software. From the to the that appears, to and service to Service and COM to the PC. Stop and Parity to and Table RS-485 the to the Table RS-485/B RS-485/A DCS or PLC RS-485/B RS-485/A You II Flowmeter
Connecting with II Software Table II (RS-485 SP (service RTU RTU) Stop Parity Address/Tag COM COM assigned to PC COM assigned to PC Click the II to the If appears: Motion with the and Application the leads the terminals and the COM If RS-485 using incorrect service and the RS-485 If required, the or RS-485 to match the existing If of the the the to of the the the PC and the type
Chapter This chapter the should the first the You to these every to the The following Applying to the Section Performing the Section the Section the Section II this chapter that already connected to the and established II procedures that complying with information. apply to the and housing covers. Turn the the supply. The the completed its the LED If the LED Section or of the and and You II Flowmeter
Performing to: that the the and the whether or to the and the the input and the tests, that terminals the input/outputs that Section II testing. the the following: The reading to You when the Section Motion with the and Application or momentarily activated. or unknown. as You flow polarity to active Section There to flow You the that flow to the C as there to flow or You the that flow to the C WARNING
II UnFix the the the and the that the might that the reports incorrectly as If the correctly, to that the actually You the output both the and to the II to the the the following: the should If required, Motion and ON or OFF Correct? Correct? Correct? input Troubleshoot Troubleshoot input input State LED You II Flowmeter
II the the establishes the of reference when there flow. The the factory, and should field to to or to the factory the high severity active. Correct the then the You the severity active. Section information and the to the the amount of the to its reference reference to This to the increased of flow, which incorrect to reference. The seconds. the You the with II or with the the If the Section troubleshooting information. Motion with the and Application Next Meas Next Read Next Next Meas Next
Additionally, the and II to the the immediately function), as as closed the or from the Once the or from the the To the Apply to the Allow the to approximately the through the the reaches the operating the downstream from the that the completely with that the flow completely To the With II, With the the following: and If flowing through the the To the and that through the completely You the with the If to the II. The located the front of the To the that the the the LED the front to yellow. CAUTION You II Flowmeter
Flowmeter II Flowmeter Motion with the and Application Troubleshoot Troubleshoot LED LED LED Press ZERO LED flashes yellow LED or
Chapter This chapter the that usually when the first The this chapter should the shown procedures This chapter flowcharts each flowcharts, the II flowcharts, C. and the this chapter A. optional and Chapter of the and II this chapter that already connected to the and established II that complying with Chapter information. and Characterize the (Section the (Section (Section (Section (Section input (Section the input or that assigned to to If the option purchased, the should to establish Section You II Flowmeter
Characterizing the Characterizing the the to the of the paired with. The characterization or the to flow, and to characterize If the and together, then the characterized. You to characterize the the and together the first Characterization The characterization that type: or Other to as Straight Tube and Curved Tube, respectively), as Table The Other includes Motion The characterization the The of the of purchase. and of and Table K1 K2 FD D1 D2 (DT) Flowcal FCF and FT FCF FTG FFQ DTG DFQ1 DFQ2 the section factors. On shown as TC. the section Flow the section Flow the section Flow Motion with the and Application type Other
factors If D1 or D2 D1, the or D1 from the This the of the low-density Motion D2, the or D2 from the This the of the high-density Motion If K1 or K2 K1, the first of the factor. the this shown as K2, the of the factor. the this shown as If FD Motion service. If DT or TC the of the factor. the this shown as and You You You You II II II II Flowmeter Flowmeter
Flow to flow 6-character FCF and 4-character FT Both characterization, these as 10-character that includes II, this the To the the FCF and the FT from the as shown below. the 10-character the as the FCF The should exactly as shown, including the required. other the 10-character the as the Flow The should exactly as shown, including the required. to characterize To characterize the the that the type as Characterizing the Motion with the and Application Flow FCF X.XXXX FT X.XX Straight Flow type Curved type? Flow
the The input/output terminals the three These A, B, and C. The should other I/O The and assignments the shows each and the options each options Option (DO1) or or C (DO2) If to to the outputs. To the the the and the without I/O the of the the I/O that the type, which or the process. To causing the the I/O that affected this the to that the I/O correctly process. Sections and input (DI) CAUTION assignment type C assignment type You You You You II II II II Flowmeter Flowmeter Flowmeter
the each the to the to To the each Sections through The flow Table of flow If the flow to listed, Section Table II Unit hour hour tons mTon/hr tons hour tons hour Short tons pounds) sTon/hr Short tons pounds) hour Short tons pounds) Motion with the and Application Flow flow flow
Table II Unit lTon/hr tons pounds) hour tons pounds) Section flow The flow Table of flow If the to listed, flow Section Table flow II Unit ft3/sec hour hour US U.S. US U.S. US U.S. hour US U.S. US U.S. hour hour hour Section Unit based U.S and You You You You II II II II
The of Table II Unit SGU corrected) U.S. foot lbs/in3 inch API Short ton The of Table II Unit the implemented. Section the The to the flow or or to the and the Section If the to and the to Motion with the and Application
If the to or flow, the following (URV) and (LRV) AO AO action and measured timeout To the the Sections through the and the without I/O the of the the that the type, which or the process. To causing the the Section the that affected this the to that the correctly process. CAUTION AO AO AO action measured timeout closed You You You You II II II II Flowmeter Flowmeter Flowmeter
the The the to reported through the Table the that assigned to the Table assignments II flow Flow Rate flow Flow Rate The assigned to the the PV the (LRV and URV) The of to to the assigned You specify: The (LRV) the of the that indicated when the The (URV) the of the that indicated when the the that the assigned Section The URV below the LRV; the URV to and the LRV to the AO The AO the lowest or flow that reported through the or flow below the AO reported as the AO used. Motion the AO cutoff. Cutoffs the flow and flow Section If flow or flow assigned to the the flow cutoff, and the AO the the highest as shown the following Motion with the and Application flow AO cutoff: flow cutoff: the flow below the flow.
the action, and measured timeout If the to and the to If the internal the to the You the the action. shown Table the immediately reports when encountered. You the to reporting the measured timeout to the timeout the to its Table actions and action Downscale The associated with flow, as URV and LRV If the action to the action should to Section of seconds, which the to of the the process. the smooth fluctuations: high the appear to smoother the slowly. the appear to the quickly. The that to the It affects the of the assigned to the other specify rounded to the that affected the Rate Section the testing) or reporting and Tracks the assigned action the action to NONE to To when the action to NONE, other such as to CAUTION You You You You II II II II Flowmeter Flowmeter
the flow and flow Section If of these assigned to the its and the the of the first, and the to the of that the following the the the Section The to ON or OFF states. The the polarity, as shown Table shows of typical Motion with the and Application Flow flow flow reflected the that than seconds. The the to internal algorithms which the without I/O the of the the that the type, which or the process. To causing the the Section the that affected this the to that the correctly process. CAUTION
polarity Polarity Active high asserted, the to V. asserted, the V. Active asserted, the V. asserted, the to V. The to to or to the or secondary as Table to the Chapter and and asserted, the to V. asserted, V. asserted, the V. asserted, the to to of V. You You You You II II II II
assignments and Assignment Condition (DO1 only) Secondary (DO2 only) (DO2 only) ON (DO2 only) ON this that Polarity to Active High. If Polarity to Active the reversed. To the the the Motion with the and Application or momentarily activated. or unknown. using as You flow polarity to active There to You the that flow to the using C as there to flow or You the that flow to the C WARNING Closed OFF OFF IO DO1 assignment DO1 polarity DO2 assignment DO2 polarity input DI assignment
the input the the input/output the input. Section The input to initiate action from input If input, the following actions assigned to the input: If the and active, the function includes the To the input, the Establishing This connected to and the option. II or of establishing that the within factory specifications. Chapter information about Motion of the procedures completed. This establish the The of should include expected and flow and the without I/O the of the the that the type, which or the process. To causing the the Section the that affected this the to that the correctly process. CAUTION You You You You II II II II Flowmeter Flowmeter
the chart these tests. the which the of specified If than to the to match To to the to approximately the to the of to this the of II or to the II Software Motion and P/N or Motion with the and Application
Chapter the This chapter to the operation. The following topics and Recording Section Section and and the Section and the and Section information the and II procedures this section that already connected to the and established II that complying with Chapter information. Recording Motion that of the below, operating This when the high or and Record the following Flow information using this information troubleshooting, Section and the Optional the
the include such as flow and To with II software: The when first to the If the and You the LED or II. The broadcasts whenever its or the II, active and the information the the LED The LED located the front This LED shows as Table the LED LED Definition Normal operating Flashing severity to This ready to flow High severity to II software To and with II software: Click Select The three Informational, and To the category, the Motion with the and Application the Select or that Within the shown
the To the Click Select the High Priority and Priority. Within each category: To inactive from the the ACK checkbox, then Apply The cleared and with The location of the or affected the severity Section the as Informational, or the as High Priority or Priority. the and The of the amount of or measured the of The started, stopped, and The the as the the separately, of or and and inventory The If the Section To the of the and with II software: Click Select or Table shows the and II software. To to the Click Select The from the Section It from the Table and inventory with II software To accomplish this On the Stop the and and Click Stop the and and Click Click Click and Click and If the II Click and the Inventory as and currently active listed, with that active listed, with Click the Optional the
Motion with the and Application
Optional This chapter that or used, Chapter The following and options this chapter: Section Cutoffs Section Section Section Flow Section Section Section Section Section Section Section Section and the commonly A. location within II information location within the II interface, C. Creating If to of flow and flow. and the Optional the
Optional About of: of: Conversion factor The which the to to the flow or flow of that to the The terms related the following To the or and flow or flow to the flow the the factor the below: the or and its To apply the to or flow from the of Section or flow To flow Specify the Specify the Specify the flow factor. Assign to the Assign to the Motion with the and Application or that the already of that the already seconds, BaseUnit(s) SpecialUnit(s) BaseUnit(s) ConversionFactor SpecialUnit(s) factor) to characters
Optional flow To Specify the Specify the Specify the factor. Assign to the flow Assign to the applications, or flow as the flow or flow as the flow the of the reference To flow that or flow the factor from the of the reference and II offers Unit to this flow factor. The the flow factor the Units If II to or flow applications. Motion that the to flow of flow If to flow, Motion To the Unit II and to the Click the Units Click the Unit Select the Unit that based Click to specify that of English Units or SI International Units Click Next and The should the of or the flow. or or CAUTION the Optional the
Optional the to the displayed. Cutoffs below which the reports of the Cutoffs flow, or and related information. Sections and information the interact with other Cutoff Cutoff type flow Recommended of the rated flowrate flow the factor, of Cutoffs and flow The flow to the flow the flow below the cutoff, and therefore the to the from the the to the flow Accordingly, the below its both the reported and the reported flow to Interaction with the AO The the AO cutoff. If the or flow: the AO to than the and cutoffs, the to when the AO reached. the AO to than the or cutoff, the flow to when the or reached. Section information the AO cutoff. Motion with the and Application To the top the and Next To the and Next Then Reference Reference and the and Next If they The written to the If they as as to to the the then the
Optional the of seconds, which the to of the the process. the smooth high the appear to smoother the slowly. the appear to because the quickly. it rounded to the Flow, and Table the with the and the flow to seconds. and the flow used. Motion the the Sections through information the interact with other and Flow and Normal Normal Not Section and that from and therefore, to and to accordingly. Interaction with the The If flow, the flow or flow, and the the of the first, and the to the of that Section information the and the Optional the
Optional Interaction with the Flow and the Rate Section If the the rates of Normal rates. The selected the as the The the which the reports to the This affects to the process. There Normal and Normal the of user-specified reported and others If the to which updated Polling and Section and the of Not as the the following selected: the with the and the and the to the as the flow or and applications, Motion recommends: than seconds). Normal of or seconds). other applications, Motion recommends the Normal Motion the other If the Rate the Section Motion with the and Application
Optional Effects of Not updated. The below updated: refreshed. Motion recommends the following: If required, that updated. while the If the this The flow the reports flow and to or subtracted from the of flow, or flow. flow the of the arrow the flow the of the arrow the flow Bidirectional Bidirectional and flow flow LPO RPO and Core input inventory inventory other The the they implemented. the Optional the
Optional the of flow the the of the to the of the to of these the following the the of and flow reported Table of flow flow Flow Flow To the and Section Motion with the and Application flow flowing from arrow flowing as arrow flow flow Flow Bidirectional Bidirectional
Optional Effect of flow Flow Flow To the and Section and flow flow flowing from flow arrow flowing as arrow Flow the first of or flow, the of flow, to of the and to (the of) the of flow, (the of) the or the to the flow to and higher flow flow flow flow flow Flow Bidirectional Bidirectional the Optional the
Optional Motion with the and Application Flow the of flow or flow, the of flow, to of the and to the of the of flow, the of the flow or the to the of the flow to and higher Flow the first of flow, the of flow, to flow of the and to (the of) the of flow, (the of) the or the to the flow to and higher flow rates. of flow, to flow of the and to the of the of flow, the of the or the to the to and higher
Optional Effect of flow and Flow Increase Bidirectional Increase Increase Negative Bidirectional Decrease Negative Flow Flow Negative Increase Negative Bidirectional Decrease Negative Increase Increase Bidirectional Increase flowing as flow arrow to the of whether flow or flowing from arrow the of user-specified user-specified to actions the the to the specified The then, to to the You or You the or Each associated with high or includes the following Selecting or to the Specifying the and Active High Active below Flow Flow Flow Flow Flow Flow flow flow the Optional the
Optional Specifying the the which the or switch (ON to OFF, or the the The than (Active High) or than (Active the the to to that the or than II displays information the Informational of the and the flow and or appear applications. The of the reading. The flow the and to that correction. as follows: the below which of flow Typically, this the lowest processs High flow the which of Typically, this the highest processs the of seconds the flow the to to the flow If the flow and its the of the flow If the expired, the flow of seconds; seconds. Motion with the and Application Specify as the Flow Direction to Select Flow Rate Active
Optional If the flow: flow immediately. the the the the measured of the flow measured the that flow and internal that include flow this If the the forces the flow to of the flow measured the that flow and internal that include to within the flow the flow cleared and the flow to the measured the or lowering the high flow increase the that the The another seconds. If to the flow forced to as as detected. There four that the the to its Section to Section the Section to the active severity which of these used. only, timeout when the reported. severity classified three of severity. Severity when the Table Table severity Severity action If this and to their Chapter Informational If this affected. If this to the active and affected. You or another to reclassified from Informational to or the severity the A118 DO1 Information it to and the Optional the
Optional of and severity information including and troubleshooting Section Table and severity Affected II severity timeout? A001 CP EEPROM A002 CP RAM A003 A004 of A005 Flow A006 Characterize A008 of A009 A010 A011 Too A012 Too High A013 Too A014 A016 RTD A017 RTD A018 EEPROM A019 RAM A020 Factors A021 Incorrect A022 CP A023 CP A024 CP A025 CP A026 A028 A032 Verification/Outputs A100 Saturated Info A101 Info A102 Overrange/Partially Info A103 Info A104 Info A105 Flow Info A107 Info A108 On Info A109 On Info A112 Software Info A115 Info Motion with the and Application
Optional Table and severity Affected II severity timeout? A118 DO1 Info A119 DO2 Info A131 Verification/Outputs Info to with the to with the the timeout the immediately reports when encountered. the to reporting the the timeout to If timeout the timeout the to its The timeout to the and unaffected. The timeout to Table information about which affected timeout. The the using The following RS-485 Floating-point Additional the The using the options the If the to Table and options the than the counting. Downscale the than the counting. Flow rates to the that flow, and and reported as counting. and the Optional the
Optional and options Not-A-Number (NAN) IEEE NAN and counting. Flow to Flow rates to the that other affected. counting. as measured. the The to and with the using The the If the using the required. the inclusive. If connected to the using RS-485 and the then: If II, II switch to the and the If the You the the service Service of the RS-485 RS-485 the its RS-485 The following Parity Stop To RS-485 with the from the the to the specified If connected to the RS-485 the the the or the You using the the RS-485 service Service Motion with the and Application If using II, II switch to the and the If the You using the
Optional the floating-point to floating-point of bytes, Table commands and Definitions The the You to to match the or PLC. Table Table and the or than the to with these to to each the to the host. The of terms of of character as the and character This the to arrive the You specify the to The the another to assign the (PV). The PV shown this the as the the Section the it the and The secondary (SV), tertiary (TV), and (QV) the with the and and and the Optional the
Optional The to the Table and the Table the software Used other the to this The the Not and required. length: characters. user-supplied processing, and required. length: characters. user-supplied Not processing, and required. length: characters. user-selected Not processing, and If the and right arrows the top of the to the year and month, then The to the of They processing, and required. The following Motion with the and Application
Chapter the and Application About this chapter This chapter to the and the information the and interface II or to the and Alternatively, customer-written the interface to the and the and Motion published the interface the following with Motion November P/N C Assignments Motion October P/N only) Both of these the Motion About the and The and to then flow when the amount of through the flow and resumed. the reached. and operation, including Changes to while the to other To while CAUTION the Optional the
the and Application to or commands. The or to the from the The and the type of (ON/OFF) The completely when the and completely when the reached (or the or Two-stage and secondary One the of the the other One the of the the other of the and closing Three-position which closed, or closed. of the three-position The three which as and to the C function as or input. as assigned to the secondary The function If the to and the output to Accordingly: or to the two-stage of A, B, and C to the and secondary three-position as three-level Table information Motion with the and Application to the or secondary as interposing relay required. three-level to three-position as three-level the the to and user-specified to the to closed and to closed
the and Application Two-stage Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Flow Three-position and Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary flow Secondary Secondary Closed Secondary Secondary the Optional the
the and Application Two-stage If this functionality required, the as three-level to the and C as to the If of the following required: the as One assigned to the and the other assigned to the secondary The to the and the secondary the The as three-level and C as assigned to the secondary The typically to or These to clear that the from the previous There and If the and the to the The If the the and the The manually the both the assigned to the secondary when the and Closed when the The closed throughout the The the or Cleaning Cleaning cleaning started, assigned to the as the section) when cleaning assigned to the closed. Typically, cleaning flowing or through the the and To the and the II Click the The shown displayed. this You as required: Motion with the and Application the flow Section and Apply and other options Section and Apply If this and with If two-stage Secondary and Secondary Section and then Apply
the and Application Either or Secondary to Either or Secondary to or to that these the of and If three-position and Closed Section and Table then Apply To or C as the the II Section To function to or C, the IO the II To as the the II this to or Secondary that the Optional the
the and Application and assignments type Assignment One with C Secondary Two-stage with C Secondary Three-position One three-level with Three-position One three-level and with with C Secondary IO Motion with the and Application To as three-level the and: to that Specify the which the that the to closed Specify the Closed which the that the to closed This and and should to the of the Secondary with C Secondary(purge) Secondary with C Secondary
the and Application If to overshoot Section options and instructions. This to both and overshoot (AOC). If C as input, function to this Section Flow The flow the that to quantity. Select of the flow If the If Flow Rate or Flow Rate that as the and Rate to Section information. If the should other than the flow as the and the Optional the
the and Application Flow Flow flow as measured flow flow as measured options The options to the process. options and options option If the Option If the the Count the and displayed: If increase from to the If from the to AOC Overshoot Compensation (AOC) instructs the to the to the the AOC Section overshoot options. If the secondary Section One One or Three Section If Section Select or Quantity. If to Primary, Secondary, Primary, and Secondary as of the If to Quantity, and Secondary each as which the should and Secondary as that subtracted from the the which the If Flow Rate specified flow the the This from the flow Section If Flow Rate specified the the This from the flow Section of or seconds). There If the reach the this the aborted and timeout posted. If to Select the every as the and and the the Used to the of seconds that the At this the (secondary) automatically. Motion with the and Application
the and Application options option Used only to the seconds. the (secondary) closed automatically. AOC Select the type of overshoot to The the The than the The the the the Overshoot and only AOC AOC AOC AOC the of that AOC specify the of that to AOC. Overshoot Used AOC and AOC to Fixed. the to subtracted from the to the which the the or as to the flow The to and the the process. two-stage and three-position and Table the when the started, and when the reached. and the Optional the
the and Application Two-stage Flow option of the or the of the which the Either or Secondary to If of these to the other to automatically. of this type started, the assigned to Section of the or the of the which the secondary Secondary Either or Secondary to If of these to the other to automatically. of this type started, the secondary assigned to Section of the of the or the to subtracted from the which the of the of the or the to subtracted from the Secondary which the secondary the of Table Three-position Flow option of the or the of the which the from flow to flow. of the of the or the to subtracted from the which the from flow to flow. the of Overshoot Overshoot the as as to the the to the Without overshoot there amount of because of the the to that the reached and the to the and then the and to overshoot the the command the reached. Motion with the and Application Either or Secondary to when the reached. If of these to that the the other accordingly. Either or Secondary to when the reached. If of these to that the the other accordinly.
the and Application Overshoot and overshoot Overshoot Three of overshoot The the the the specified Overshoot The the the AOC AOC to that the the (The than the and the The the the AOC AOC to that the than the (The of the to the AOC or There of AOC Several The AOC from collected from these Section instructions the AOC Rolling The AOC from collected from the where the specified AOC There AOC to the first AOC from the first the the AOC recalculated, based the and required. and command Flow reached Compensation factor Flow the Optional the
the and Application overshoot overshoot the already known. To overshoot the AOC the AOC to Click Apply Specify the Overshoot the the flow Click Apply the AOC The AOC or To overshoot or the AOC the AOC to or AOC Click Apply If AOC used, follow the instructions Section If AOC used, follow the instructions Section AOC the first slightly the factor To this, the AOC the to This enough that when the flow the than the To AOC Click The shown displayed. Click AOC The AOC Active light red, and while AOC as as to the specified AOC If the AOC from the where the specified AOC Length. the consistently satisfactory, AOC The AOC from the this and the This factor to while AOC another AOC Motion with the and Application If AOC used, specify the of that to the AOC If AOC used, the of that to the AOC
the and Application Another AOC recommended: If or If flow If consistently the Rolling AOC the first slightly the factor To this, increase the AOC the This enough that when the flow the than the To AOC Click The shown displayed. Click AOC The AOC Active light red. AOC The AOC each and the the At AOC The AOC the and overshoot other this action the AOC from to and the Optional the
Motion with the and Application
Chapter the and Application About this chapter This chapter to the and the information the and interface II to the and If input to function. Alternatively, the and operated customer-written using the interface to the and the and Motion published the interface the following with Motion November P/N C Assignments Motion October P/N only) Both of these the Motion the and from II To the and from II, the II and the buttons. The following actions and Manually and Manually and Performing AOC Section the allows to and displays of information. and operation, including to while the to other To while CAUTION the Optional the
the and Application through the two-stage or three- when the and the The the The II shown The AOC Statistics, and displays and and The the of the or the LED that the inactive or the closed. LED that the active or the The Table Motion with the and Application
the and Application Table displays and Display/Control the periodically, the This flow while the updated. the The AOC AOC AOC and the to the the To this the and Apply. You the while the AOC the factor to the AOC To this the AOC and Apply. WARNING: Writing to this overwrite existing AOC You the AOC while whether the currently flowing or Temporarily the The the than the that Counting from the which the Permanently the or The resumed. the secondary You while You while closing the secondary Cleaning that assigned to Cleaning or Cleaning that assigned to AOC AOC and the AOC the by: flow The measured flow too high, as indicated the LED Table AOC Flow the to to the indicated Rate the AOC Flow Rate Too High LED Table If the too high, and this AOC try the AOC flow below). If this clear the AOC using AOC the once or should the the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional the the the the
the and Application displays and Display/Control Statistics the of statistics the of seconds that the Seconds that the included the This field displays the of AOC If manually, AOC Typically, the reason to manually to the first Section Applicable only when AOC to LED The the The aborted. currently Cleaning The Clean function activated, and assigned to started, or manually. Phase and currently the the of the and the of the The If three-position the or closed Secondary The secondary Not One or to AOC Flow Rate Too High The flow too to allow the to other the AOC the flow that the should issued the This the increased with the AOC AOC recommended. To the AOC the function to without AOC Table AOC Active AOC input If input assigned to function, the function when the input ON the To assign input to function: that C as input Section the II and the IO The shown displayed. Select the function to functions and Motion with the and Application the of statistics Statistics and to Count the of that statistics completed counted; that the reached included this The that reached, counting with Count the counter to
the and Application IO Table Function ON actions the The Permanently the The resumed. Temporarily the The the than the that Counting from the which the to while or while the reached or the The function Section includes the and the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional the the the the
the and Application with PAUSE and RESUME This section of when the and the process. Two-stage First Normal with PAUSE/RESUME Secondary Secondary when Secondary when Primary: Secondary: Primary: Motion with the and Application Secondary Flow
the and Application Two-stage Secondary first Normal operation with PAUSE/RESUME Secondary Secondary when Secondary when Secondary Primary: Secondary: Secondary: and Secondary Flow the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional the the the the
the and Application Two-stage Secondary First Normal operation with PAUSE/RESUME when when Secondary: Primary: Primary: Motion with the and Application Secondary Flow
the and Application Two-stage Secondary Secondary First Normal with PAUSE/RESUME when when Secondary Secondary: Primary: Secondary: and Secondary Flow the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional the the the the
the and Application Three-position Normal operation with PAUSE/RESUME and Closed Closed Closed Motion with the and Application Closed Closed Closed Closed
Chapter This chapter and to procedures this chapter that already connected to the and established that complying with Chapter information. The the of the as the flow and to from optional. There to If the operating known the the software. If the operating significantly, the interface to write the to the If that If the Modbus, that the and correction factors the flow the which the (which therefore the which there the factor). to the shipped with If the correction factors flow and These as follows: Flow factor the the flow factor the and Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Compensation Not or correction factors. the correction to used, the from the sheet then the the correction factor of The PSI other the to If the to that of Table II Unit Water 68F F Mercury 0C mercury C Water 68F F Water 68F F Mercury 0C mercury C PSI inch Torr 0C Torr C Atmospheres To and with II, Motion with the and Application
Compensation with II Preferences Compensation Apply Section If then the To and using the interface, or to write to the the interface, the with Motion November P/N C. and Apply Flow factor factor Apply Static? input Performance Troubleshooting Apply
Motion with the and Application
Chapter Performance This chapter the following Section and factors Section Section Section procedures this chapter that established II and the and that complying with Chapter information. information Section information AOC and The the following the and of performance: establishing the performance secondary associated with flow and performance the to establishing the relationship (flow, or and the the To the and the option purchased. These three and Sections through of these procedures, these sections to that the the of the to the measured the factory. as the of the of or force the to and this as of performance. typically caused or Notes: To the paired with and the option purchased the and Performance Troubleshooting
Performance the or the outputs to to the the Motion that and factors the with to the than the the sheet its specification. If the flow, flow, or from the to the factor. factor the which the the The factors the from the and the externally. factors typically the and You to and factors to with The based of reference. those of reference. Three of Section and and high) and each. the offset and/or the of the that the relationship and the reported or the relationship and the reported or to the the factory, and normally to the field. the to Motion Motion recommends and factors, rather than to the or to Motion with the and Application
Performance and choosing and the following factors: interruption Motion the option and Performing To the with and the option purchased the The It to match factory affected flow, or the To and to two-phase flow, flow. higher certainty, reduce or flow. and four to these four however, the flow or down-time the of the down-time. and the with low-density and high or low-temperature and high-temperature and the highly of internal internal If to factor as of the the You the the factor to its previous the of and accordingly the If the factory You to the from the factory or manually recorded them. Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Performance If the aborted. and retry. choose to the the or the measured The the of the (approximately four the of the and that this appropriately. To follow the illustrated of Section options II, Section II Integrity Motion with the and Application Next optional Next and shows Graph of (option to or Abort Next If the the of the clicking to the of the the The of the clicked. Next
Performance Specification and The of the of stiffness. The this This the and with II when optional installations, to the the the completed, the reported as Pass, or Abort: The within the If and match factory the factory specifications flow and It expected that every the The within the Motion that immediately the If the the the first If the the the flow the knowledge of to the type of and the action. These actions might include the from service and physically inspecting the At should flow Section and Section Abort occurred with the instability). and the and Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Performance Additional II to the Pass, and Abort the II the following II allows to amount of about each that audited easily. II this optional the of and II of that whether the or the The and the and otherwise. You information about to and clicking the to each Plotted II shows the This allows to whether the operating within where the within the specified (The shown as LPO and RPO. The of these or occurring to the flow II the to history of This history displayed the The rightmost the This history which of they become You the of the or the of the The shown the Click Previous to the the You the graphed double-clicking the the the of (including to clicking At the of II displays of the which includes the pass/caution/abort found Section You the options of the or it to as HTML More information about II to found the II II Software Motion P/N or and the II Historical or whether the which II If the from the historical To of the and the with the the following to factor: factors from to If the factor these Motion service. Motion with the and Application NewMeterFactor ConfiguredMeterFactor
Performance The and the first The the reference factor as follows: Performing includes the following only: the optional D3 and D4 the of the If choose to the D3 and D4 the D1 or D2 D3 both D3 and D4 (other than and The that choose without the the If II, this the to the PC. If the the known You with II. the this section. the completely with the and through the the lowest allowed This accomplished closing the shutoff downstream from the then the with the and The first factor One year the The the reference flow factor as follows: The flow factor D1 (low-density) D2 (high-density) D3 (optional) D4 (optional) MassFlowMeterFactor MassFlowMeterFactor Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Performance D1 and D2 D1 (low-density) and D2 (high-density) You and If the D1 and the D2 D3 the D3 the following of of the of the D3 and the of The of the D3 or than the of D4 the D4 the following of of the of the D4 and the of the D3 The of the D4 than the of the D3 of the of the D4 and the of The of the D4 or than the of To D1 and D2 To D3 or D3 and D4 Motion with the and Application the D1 and the D2 CAUTION
Performance D1 and D2 II with D1 with D2 downstream from D3 or D3 and D4 II with D3 downstream from and D1 of D1 light light D3 of D3 light light D2 of D2 light light D4 with D4 of D4 light light Performance Troubleshooting
Performance Performing offset and The completed without You with II. II Motion with the and Application with achieves thermal offset of light light with high- achieves thermal of high- light light
Chapter Troubleshooting This chapter and troubleshooting the The information this chapter to: the whether to the corrective the agency II procedures this section that connected to the and established II that complying with Chapter information. to troubleshooting topics to Table of troubleshooting topics this Table Troubleshooting topics and locations Section Topic Section Section Section or Section Section I/O Section LED Section Section Checking Section Section Troubleshooting Section Section Checking the supply Section Checking the Section Checking RF interference Section Checking RF interference Section Checking II Section Checking the and and Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Troubleshooting topics and locations Section Topic Section Checking Section Checking Section Checking the flow Section Checking the and Section Checking the characterization Section Checking the Section Checking the Section Checking the Section Checking and RTD Motion service To to service the Motion Customer Service information Section Motion service, the troubleshooting information and procedures this chapter, and the with the technician. If the the or the LED of the procedures Section If the procedures with the Motion service. If establish with the and activity the If appear to correctly, try the leads. Increase the Section This the with host. or If or the indicating the of Section indicating If the or outputs the of the the with II software. Once the associated with the to Section Motion with the and Application
Troubleshooting corrected to the clear the following: internal I/O If with or input, to I/O and Symptom supply supply and supply Section below LRV process. the LRV. Section from Section consistently of to the to or whether or the Section If Section Consistently incorrect correctly the Section and to or internal associated or C only) to the to internal whether or the Section If Section the or another Section Measure DC to that active. Stop and Section LRV and URV correctly the LRV and URV. Section Incorrect flow Section Incorrect assigned to Section LRV and URV correctly the LRV and URV. Section the to whether or the Section to the If Section Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Table I/O and Symptom reading higher with seconds to Press LED to yellow, then release to terminals service service service ONLY and this establish DI and internal/external that the supply to input switch to the that and required. LED The includes LED that If the LED the II. the Section Correct the the LED LED Definition Normal operating Flashing severity to that the completely High severity to the Motion with the and Application too high that below Core Correct and retry. Leads reversed. Switch leads and and to service or other or RS-485 Incorrect the switches to Parity=odd using II or higher. Leads Switch leads and
Troubleshooting with II. of and Table and II A001 CP EEPROM to the A002 CP RAM to the A003 the Section A004 of the Section A005 Flow the Section A006 Characterize the characterization. Specifically, the FCF and K1 Section A008 of the Section A009 Allow the to The should once the ready operation. If clear, that the completely or completely empty. and to A010 If appears that there flow through the then retry. and The might service. Motion. Section The might service. Motion. Section the Section to Section flow. Section the RTD reading(s). Section to Section characterization. Section that within of and Motion. Section the Section process. that the Section and Section factors Section the If the Motion. Section the Section process. the or coating factors Section Section to the then retry. Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and II A011 Too that there flow through the then retry. A012 Too High that there flow through the then retry. A013 Too or reduce of then the or Sources of Mechanical interference from machinery A014 to the A016 RTD the Section A017 RTD the Section A018 EEPROM to the A019 RAM to the A020 Factors the characterization. Specifically, the FCF Section A021 Incorrect the characterization. Specifically, the K1 Section A022 CP to the A023 CP to the A024 CP to the A025 CP to the A026 Comm the the and the Section The wires wires, to the Motion with the and Application to the then retry. to the then retry. to the then retry. Section The might service. Motion. Section the Section to Section the type Section Motion. Section the Section Motion. Section The might service. Motion. Section The might service. Motion. Section The might service. Motion. Section The might service. Motion. Section The might service. Motion. Section The might service. Motion. Section or the LED. Section that the Section the Section
Troubleshooting Table and II A028 to the A032 A100 Saturated Section A101 Section A102 Section Partially A103 to the A104 Allow the to A105 Flow Section A107 action required. A108 On of A109 On of A112 Software Motion to software Section that the A118 DO1 Section A119 DO2 Section A131 Verification/Outputs to with the only to with the and The might service or Motion. Section with to Allow the to If abort the and with to measured Section to the the Section the to what with or incorrect The might service. Motion. Section If the erroneously, the Section If the erroneously, the Section with to measured Allow the to If abort the and with to Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Checking Motion that of the below, operating This when the high or The Section Flow Pickoff troubleshooting, the both and flow should or and If the and Motion service Section of Table and Table and Symptom Steady flow Correct the installations) Motion with the and Application or or the the Section flow factor characterization. Section
Troubleshooting Table and Symptom flow RF interference RF interference. Section flow when flow and steady the and and the wires Incorrectly grounded with installations) to and of or Section Section and Section flow Section flow Check and the and allow to cleaner. closing, of and and grease Mounting mounting. to to too heavy cross-talk with Incorrect to the with with another Section Section and Section Section and or Section Section flow and the and the wires to and the Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Table and Symptom flow or factor characterization. Section reading with to of reading RTD and follow from troubleshooting indicated C-1. reading slightly from Section Unusually high reading flow and the Unusually reading flow Section Unusually high Motion. Section Unusually the flow Section Unusually Several Unusually high Several Section Motion with the and Application Section the Section factors characterization. Section grounding Section Section with Section and the wires factors characterization. Section and the wires grounding Section flow Section cross-talk with flow and the Incorrect K2 characterization. Section Incorrect K2 characterization. Section
Troubleshooting The snapshots, or fingerprints, of four of operation. Table recorded Factory factory of first of the instantaneous recorded and recorded recorded. the and recorded. To the From the the pulldown to the which to the Units pulldown to SI or English The continuously. to the the other the to and to when Troubleshooting If the started: the LED the low-severity that the correctly and completely and If red, the and started. Correct the and retry. The cleaning function If yellow, the low-severity such as flow, or the flow or correctly If the flow, the cleaning function, or through the turning the ON and OFF the The function this. flow specified. specified the Right pickoff Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting If or or too overshoot already implemented). If AOC implemented, the AOC If AOC implemented, increasing the AOC mechanical with the the this section to the Checking the To the supply that the used. incorrect to the and from the that the supply wires connected to the to that the supply and to the insulation. to the the supply that within the specified DC to the to and supply Checking the To the that: The to the to the information to The wires with the If the wires incorrectly connected: the Correct the to the Checking grounding The and the grounded. If the as of the grounded automatically. If the separately, grounded separately. and and instructions. Motion with the and Application
Troubleshooting Checking RF interference If RF interference of the following the RF include of or or that or field, the of the the shielded the Checking II that the of II. II or the with and II or and of the and this To the of II: II. the Click About Checking the and If reading, there with the or the the the the the and the Checking flow or appear The of significantly the reading. flow and the reading. and the flow or lowering the high increase the of flow If and flow flow that to their flow the flow and Terminate shielding the input If this terminate the shielding the or terminate shield the termination of shielding necessary. Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting If the flow clears the that to reporting The flow deactivated, the active acknowledged. If the flow clear the that flow of If seconds, that flow as as detected. If flow or the If flow Section If increase Section Checking If the or below the the platform The The the process. The of flow to with If Bring flow within the You to or the the the URV and LRV Section Checking the flow incorrect flow the to with the process. that the flow correct. the Section Checking the and or incorrect URV or LRV. that the URV and LRV and them necessary. Section Motion with the and Application that flow
Troubleshooting Checking the characterization that incorrectly characterized its might If the appears to operating correctly incorrect characterization the If that of the characterization characterization. Section Checking the the to If the appears to operating correctly the Motion every the factory. Therefore, should the shipped from the factory. The procedures this to Chapter To that than the Motion service Motion recommends factors, rather than to the or to Motion information performance, Checking the that or caused other than You or checking the The include and right and These the of the the To the with II software: Select Information from the the the the the Right and the the the following to the If the to Section If the the or right pickoff the from Table based the flow to Section If the the and right pickoffs the from based the troubleshooting and Motion service. Section and Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Table ELITE CMF based D, DL, and DT based F025, F050, F100 based flow F200 based F200 based flow H025, H050, H100 based flow H200 based flow R025, R050, or R100 based flow R200 based flow Motion based flow CMF400 I.S. based flow CMF400 with amplifiers based flow If listed, Motion. Section caused Table Table and flow Section flow the or flashing Increase or back the board or cracked flow Motion. Section or Mechanical free to or pickoff Motion. Section Flow of that flow within Incorrect characterization characterization. Section Motion with the and Application Pickoff If located from the increase the the and
Troubleshooting caused and K1 characterization the K1 characterization Section Polarity of pick-off or polarity of Motion. Section flow Section caught flow pickoff caused Table Table and the and to and the of the that the flow of of the flow Section the the the The Motion. Section Checking the The Core displays that internal to the Both and statistics shown. To the Core from the From this You statistics the button. You offsent, timeout, and Motion service these Additionally, You the LED. The LED that Table You the to and free to mechanical Section Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Checking the LED To the LED: to the the B-2). The instrinsically and the LED the Table or To to operation, the reassembling the to grease LED and LED Condition (ON Normal operation action required. OFF (ON Section OFF ON or If action required. If Motion. Section flashes, and followed with installation). to and flashes OFF Core than Motion with the and Application Core and characterization Section and Core Motion. Section internal supply to Section and to Motion. Section supply to to If LED terminals (VDC+) and (VDC) Normal reading approximately VDC. If reading Motion. Section If reading internal Motion. Section If reading than VDC, supply to Wires switched. Section and to If LED supply. Section and to If supply internal or LED Motion. Section
Troubleshooting Table Enhanced LED and LED Condition Normal operation action required. Flashing yellow If action required. If Motion. Section severity High severity Flashing If A105 flow) active, Section off) Flashing Motion. Section off) Flashing off, OFF Core than Core To the the the the the and the B-3 or B-4). Measure the terminals and (RS-485/A and RS-485/B). should to Measure the terminals and (VDC and RS-485/A). should to Measure the and (VDC and RS-485/B). should to If than specified, the to with or host. Motion Section and Motion. Section Core Motion. Section If A033 active, process. the flow or coating supply to to If LED terminals (VDC+) and (VDC) If reading than VDC, to Wires switched. Section and to Motion Section If LED supply. Section and to If supply internal or LED Motion. Section Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting To to operation: the the and the B-3 or B-4). the reassembling the to grease Core Enhanced Checking and RTD with including and of out-of-range Testing the testing the and testing shorts to with If with B-1): the the from the housing. At the the from the board. (DMM), the pickoff the DMM leads the each Record the Motion with the and Application
Troubleshooting Table and to (LPO) to white Right (RPO) to (RTD) to Lead (LLC) CMF400 I.S. and RTD only) (CMF400 I.S. only) There should readings. The LPO and RPO readings should the or If there readings, the the to the of The readings each should match both the disconnected. At the the of the and each to DMM the and the other the With the DMM to its highest there should each If there there to At the as follows: D600 and CMF400 with amplifiers Motion Section Table and If the Motion Section To to operation: reassembling the to grease and other terminals other terminals other terminals White White other terminals other terminals other terminals other terminals and other terminals and other and There should each If there there the the board. the the housing. the the Colors to Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and to and the that the and or the Motion. Section Internally shorted feedthrough (sealed Motion. Section from to termination terminations Motions Preparation and or the If B-1): the the You the the and the or connected. If the screw the of the the from the and straight or the If the screws that the the housing. the of the housing, then the from the feedthrough the feedthrough (DMM), the pickoff the DMM leads the to or to the and Record the Motion with the and Application If the (feedthrough) or the To to the (feedthrough) or the when the (or the to the and mount the (or CAUTION
Troubleshooting Lead Enhanced There should readings. The LPO and RPO readings should the or ohms). the DMM, each and the With the DMM to its highest there should each lead. If there there to Table and and Lead LLC and CMF400 I.S. functions as RTD. CMF400 I.S. as LLC RTD RTD pickoff Right pickoff Right pickoff Right pickoff Right pickoff Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting as follows: D600 and CMF400 with amplifiers Motion Section If the Motion Section To to operation: If If the screw(s) to to to of the reassembling the to grease Motion with the and Application other terminals other terminals pickoff other other terminals pickoff Right other terminals Right Right other Right RTD other terminals LLC and RTD/LLC LLC other terminals RTD and RTD/LLC RTD/LLC other terminals LLC and RTD There should each If there there Table and the three the of the with the the of the housing. mount the the to the the feedthrough to or the the housing.
and A.1 This information the Where These the the the factory. The apply to using A.2 and The below the and the Table A-1 and Flow Flow factors factor and Flow corrected to of Flow factor this the FCF and FT factors concatenated. Section flow flow Recommended of the rated flowrate. obtained the factor of factor factor Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
and Table A-1 and corrected to of flow corrected to of PSI D3 Motion with the and Application D1 D2 K1 K2 FD flow high C factor 1.00000T0.0000 Flow factor factor D4 K3 K4 FTG FFQ DTG DFQ1 DFQ2 flow factor flow factor
and A-1 and Rate Normal or LRV flow URV flow Flow flow Two-stage and LRV URV AO AO LSL Read-only USL Read-only Read-only action Downscale AO AO measured timeout flow flow Option Count AOC Disabled One AOC AOC Overshoot of Secondary of of Secondary of Compensation Compensation Performance Performance Performance Performance Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
and Table A-1 and Three-position Motion with the and Application of of Floating-point Additional character to arrive RS-485 RTU RS-485 RS-485 Parity RS-485 Stop RS-485
Architectures and B.1 This of architectures and the with the and B.2 Remote with B-1. B.3 with installations, the B-2. B.4 and to the to the B-3 or B-4 B-5 shows the supply B-6 shows the terminals the with the and and NE53 History
Architectures and B-1 architectures Remote with Junction Motion with the and Application Core or enhanced) (top Core only) (top
Architectures and B-2 Remote Mounting End-cap B-3 and Core terminals User-supplied or factory-supplied terminals and VDC+ (Red) RS-485/B RS-485/A (White) VDC Core screws Core housing NE53 History
Architectures and B-4 and Core terminals terminals B-5 supply terminals Motion with the and Application User-supplied or factory-supplied supply (DC) RS-485/A (White) RS-485/B VDC VDC+ (Red) supply to other (optional)
Architectures and B-6 A) only C) DO2 OR DI or DO DI input and B) DO1 or Service OR RS-485 RTU or ASCII) NE53 History
Motion with the and Application
C Flowcharts C.1 This the following II the with the and C-1 C-2 C-3 and C-4 C.2 information These flowcharts based software Enhanced software II slightly of these C.3 Flowcharts C-1 II from to to from information the II The option only the II Preferences and to Preferences Inventory RTD options C-2 Unit II On NE53 History
Flowcharts C-2 II operating Motion with the and Application Information Core Flowing Stop AOC Cleaning Cleaning AOC AOC AOC AOC Flow Rate Statistics Count
Flowcharts C-3 II Flow Flow Flow Flow flow flow flow factor factor factor and high K1 K2 FD D1 D2 (DT) Units flow fact flow text text flow fact flow text factor FTG FFQ DTG DFQ1 DFQ2 K3 D3 D4 K4 Flow factor factor NE53 History
Flowcharts C-4 II Flow options option Count AOC type AOC AOC overshoot secondary secondary assignment type C assignment type The DO2 options only C The input options C input. Motion with the and Application RS-485 Parity Stop AO AO AO action AO measured timeout options closed severity type Floating IO DO1 assignment DO1 polarity DO2 assignment DO2 polarity input DI assignment
NE53 History D.1 This the history of the software with the and D.2 Software history D-1 the history of the software. instructions English D-1 software history Software to software release Software and batches than Software as option instructions NE53 History
Motion with the and Application