Rosemount Applications Reference AA
Reference AA Rosemount Applications The products this NOT rated products that or products of the information Rosemount products, Emerson Representative. The Wave (GWR) products (Rosemount and to FCC and R&TTE It licensing whatsoever and associated with telecommunications Non-intentional (Rosemount and the Rosemount products with EMC Directive 2004/108/EC. The Non-contacting comply with of the FCC There of the Rosemount The high Rosemount type of The Rosemount If the to then products, the Rosemount products with R&TTE Directive 1999/5/EC. FCC the Rosemount and Rosemount K8C5401 Rosemount K8C5402 mounted Rosemount sealed K8CPRO (FCC 15C), K8CPROX (FCC The included the the following closed Rosemount 2827A-5401 Rosemount 2827A-5402 Rosemount 2827A-5600PRO Non-intentional The EC Declaration of Conformity the Rosemount products found the Rosemount www.rosemount.com obtained
AA Reference
Reference AA Section Introduction Introduction Water supply and Cooling supply combustion clean-up This of the learned the of thousands of Rosemount the the following Water and Cooling supply combustion Each the to to It to follow the the If about the of Rosemount or the Emerson information to choose the and the to and Steam to www.rosemount.com Section Applications
Section Applications Water supply and Cooling commonly the following High heater heater Steam (once through commonly the following supply and commonly the following heavy and cooling commonly the following Cooling tower Reference AA
Reference AA combustion supply, commonly the following applications: crusher supply and other combustion clean-up, commonly the following Ash slurry, or Ash or Activated (PAC), combustion bone commonly the following flow atmosphere commonly the following applications: Head and of Water catchment supply and Section Applications
Section Applications commonly the following applications: Water or Reference AA
Reference AA Section Introduction Chamber installations installations Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated Please to the following this death or serious injury. that the operating of the with the locations HART -based atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or field the atmospheres when the to follow and servicing death or serious injury. the the as specified this to the protection the services other than those contained this qualified. death or serious injury. that the If the might from the the head from the High that leads shock: covered with and/or with ignition-capable of charge Therefore, when the atmosphere, to Section Considerations
Section Considerations Introduction Chamber installations to selecting the mechanical of the of the correctly, the simplified. of the and the industry, this section framework chamber installations, installations, and Chambers known as and typically because: mounting with allows servicing of the that years They allow or with only, such as and They of or other that the NOTE: chamber installations, exclusively. chambers and the the chamber and the the The effective to the the and the chamber than the the the chamber and the the increase the and of the non-contacting It should noted that the of Wave (GWR) within It should as to clean completely isolate the from such as other flow, and other The located anywhere the that allows access. GWR, the microwave the to chambers located of or and allow to the chambers often include to allow instrumentation or service. chambers and without Generally, should with that to and that or Reference AA
Reference AA High from the of installation, there and selection the that considered. This those GWR the installations where used. This caged which often than The of to further information to with GWR existing chambers, the Displacers with Wave Technical or those with head non-contacting Non-contacting the with heavy or and chamber installations Section Phase It to and Both the and phases of the as the reaches the operating and which to to F C), as Table F C) F C) SG=0.80 SG=0.85 Section Considerations
Section Considerations GWR this other used. density-based to the from the density-associated Algorithms to this as as the input of operating as as which reading. There property both the and phases. Steam high the of which compensated. though the of with increase, the measured as as the sufficiently high, which reflection back from the as the increases, the the and the becomes and too with and the and becomes too to offer this GWR GWR of the of the completed. Table The with and without Temp.F/C DK of DK of and phases high and these F C) and Therefore, which and reliably coating While these to of and to of the heavy enough to mechanical to and With the GWR assembly, sticking. Reference AA
Reference AA from from mechanical-based of GWR other Since GWR completely of these associated the this GWR that or from coating or to Therefore, GWR offers of and functionality the Rosemount Performance GWR, there to the Static Compensation (SVC) Compensation (DVC) With option, the the and corrected to the required. Table there of At there of when there the The increases with the and this and account to high accuracy. Static (SVC) the function, the of the expected operating and manually as of the of the This allows the to the operating The and these applications, the High Temperature/High (HTHP) used. (DVC) DVC becomes the higher applications which the operating or where the users to to the near such as and shutdown, without to the the the higher than DVC should when the when the than these DVC the back to or to Application and such as the chamber, within the measured Therefore, the readings the and increase of the factor of to Section Considerations
Section Considerations The the and Without the appears to the the appears the DVC with built-in of the of the DVC With this the measured continuously. The where the should there there the the appears the The the and the to the The then to and the to the the the mounting and the than the and the reflector, the function switches from to the known and Reference AA DVC DVC considerations
Reference AA HTHP hermetic/gas-tight isolated from the and unaffected shocks, and forces the and locking with active and PTFE and protects the Drip-off and protection Spacer, the top of the and further the than Reference Rosemount Rosemount GWR and to and reliably when to of selected to commonly induced and The of the and high these and with reference VC2 The GWR of protection and graphite thermal and mechanical and offer The and inch chambers outer around the Section Considerations Reference of the inch chambers
Section Considerations DVC The GWR should mounted chamber with the and of the or inch or chamber recommended as the GWR mounted inch chamber. the chamber should and the chamber should isolated directly from the or high heater specially HTHP with reference should used. chambers, this and and and chambers this with outer to DVC. DVC from the to the to the the If the within this the switches to the known This (indicated the reflector, and the reflector, to to The this functionality Table If GWR from Rosemount together with Chamber, these the option G1 or G2 the chamber. G1 with the reflector, and G2 with the reflector. If existing chamber which these with with the DVC to that the reference and the the length. The to least or shorter. with the and DVC this with OK Not OK NOTE: If with the chambers, that the reference and the the length. Reference AA
Reference AA the Wave High Steam Applications Technical high to the from the to where the (indicated the high affects the of the causing measured, Table The increases with the and of measured. DVC and corrects the of to the than the to caused the The with and without DVC of with correction corrected to with DVC NOTE: DVC from the to the to to GWR chamber that covers the height of the to the as as If used, such as the to the then the to the would about With this the to further choosing and chambers or the Choosing and and and Displacers with Wave Technical Notes. Section Installation Considerations
Section Considerations Chamber and selection to choose The reflector, the and recommended chambers where the of the chamber allow If the from the to the than the should chosen. This when within the whole from the to the If this required, the and to from the that there from to the reference when the DVC DVC with the optional DVC, the function activated from factory and the supplied. the the phase. the and the from factory and normally There however, where the and the to factory which the DVC or head mounted the DVC If this should with chamber performance, recommended that the chamber cleared of and/or to the the Reference with the the that Projection and Quality when DVC To to recommended that: the the chamber and the as as to the chambers should enough to allow through the chamber and the to it should insulated the as as to the further information chamber insulation, Insulation the chamber correctly and selecting the to wave Either follow the below and the chamber accordingly, or purchase the Rosemount or with the Rosemount Chamber where Emerson already incorporated these the Rosemount Chamber Product The recommended chamber or Chambers with than with build-up and Reference AA considerations
Reference AA The creates with the chamber as the which to the from the It to chamber with recommended as The with the chamber as the The the and necessary; the the Rosemount and factor. The and the height of the the of shorter than to the Chambers than used, the specifying chamber, to the physical of the and chamber, the of the and the chance of to the build-up of The location of the and the effective the There the build-up and should The recommended than or with viscosity. that with higher viscosity, the recommended that the of the should than the chamber that the the chamber they with the the of the chamber and the or mechanical the recommended to the of the as as to and chamber. To the of the Rosemount GWR recommended to the the and to the located the top of the chamber (typical right below the and the of the chamber, to the Rosemount Product information. The and to isolate the whole chamber procedures. the Rosemount with DVC to chamber apply. or or chamber with the and of the required. the chamber should ASME and the chamber should isolated from the or HP heater With the Rosemount GWR recommended that chambers The that The the chamber and should the height of the chamber, should the of the chamber. Allow with type and of the type of flushing to and cleaning. type selection the length: than and Section Considerations
Section Considerations Rosemount with DVC, to and or with and centering The to and while the head-space and to than with and chamber chambers with than to reduce the of such as splashing from the to build-up, only recommended chamber with to or than the therefore the choice. NOTE: the the chamber and that the with the chamber To the or twisting and with the chamber clearance the and the chamber recommended. clearance of chamber which the from reaching the located the top and of the where performance reduced. factors the of the type, or and the and measured Table The the reduces the Therefore, recommended to the (A, C) with the effective (B). The the length. Reference AA clearance of the and the recommended.
Reference AA chamber or or Table Transition the Rosemount High High Table Transition chambers the Rosemount Transition Transition the choice. Lead without SST or with PTFE should only or DC applications. The from the reference where reduced The from the reference where reduced C Measuring chambers Transition Transition Lead Lead, with Effectice C including height and clearance Section Considerations Lead chambers Probe/chamber or or
Section Considerations the of of (worst-case): and C with and and C with There clearance the and the of the included the the Rosemount with DVC from the to the to the the This (X the and the reflector, to to The this functionality If Rosemount from Rosemount together with Chamber, these the the mounting and the than the function switches from to the known NOTE: The (X stated apply within the whole from to that there from to the reference DVC Reference AA
Reference AA Chamber mounting chambers and specifications Chambers should mounted the to with the and of This often of the further information chamber mounting the DVC Retrofitting of existing chambers when mechanical such as further information, the Displacers with Wave Technical If existing chamber used, might to further information with DVC The following the the of the and chamber/ of the Rosemount and NOTE: The and comply with the and the the chamber installation, there the chamber and the Recommended choice of type Seal information and specifications, to White Selecting the Rosemount GWR products Rosemount GWR high applications, to the The Rosemount of F C), F C), or F C) and FF to the product-related High High High Section Considerations F (C)
Section Considerations Remote housing Product information. The affected the shows the NOTE: The rating the type of high the of the when mounted to the To this, the the section should considered. housing with Rosemount Performance GWR to where high or the mounting location of the It the to mounted from the such as to the or to the housing location, to to the or tight The housing to F C). The SST armored which with mounting or mounting. The housing of or F (C) Reference AA F (C)
Reference AA Rosemount with housing the housing together with the Rosemount there and This the housing bounce the the housing length. the bounce approximately the housing length, housing increase the to shows the recommended with housing housing types, and types. Table Rosemount housing Chamber installations Remote Housing installations Chamber installations Remote Housing installations Chamber installations Remote Housing affected to chamber/pipe or Section Considerations
Section Considerations Insulation Recommended mounting The chamber should insulated to and reduce the amount of heating. It often and required, the applications, insulation reduce the amount of the of the chamber from becoming applications, insulation reduce the the and chamber. This higher and There that the height the chamber the of higher and location Heat insulated and flow-through to reduce the Insulation the from the chamber, and the the Rosemount high or applications, that the considered. insulation the HTHP should the Chamber insulation HTHP finding mounting the the of the considered. Chamber insulation Reference AA
Reference AA the Rosemount GWR mount to and that the with the (X) If there chance that the with the or other the the recommended choice. should only with Recommended clearance Table below If the to the should anchored to the (Y). to the Rosemount or Reference or anchoring options. that that high forces Mounting Table Recommended clearance Lead Lead clearance to or obstruction the of smooth walls. the of or walls. Section Considerations the of smooth walls. the of or walls.
Section Considerations The Rosemount non-contacting should locations with clear and of the (A) performance: creating (B), and stationary with (C) should the to the Rosemount Product information with reduce the performance of the the location where this or often invisible to (D) the the of the (E) of Rosemount there clearance from the and from such as heating and (F). Usually, the location of the from the and locations the Rosemount C Reference AA
Reference AA the selection of and to of the Rosemount GWR The the The with reducers, and that too or too Rosemount mounting UNZ Table Rosemount and Recommended (D) (D) Recommended Height (H) The Near function or to the Emerson using recommended to the (LS). with reducer Section Considerations N/A
Section Considerations Rosemount non-contacting Rosemount with The to or than It recessed smooth to the of the the the the height as the Rosemount high this which allow the to the Although, performance, recommended that the or below the to the Rosemount Reference Rosemount with Rosemount with The and and to (J), the (K) the and should performance, the recommended height The the should or other Emerson Rosemount with Rosemount with This with to or than and should or below the (L). If required, the The Rosemount the Rosemount high GHZ), which and should recessed the as this the (J) (K) Reference AA
Reference AA and selection and and considerations Rosemount with (L) or If the heavy the to the This to the the internal and the to the mounting considerations, and insulation, there other factors that to when selecting the or selection recommended The than the to build-up and coating. that the with the and that the withstand the and of C-275 or with protective or, alternatively, PTFE-coated PTFE-coated with build-up or Build-up the Quality (Rosemount to the Rosemount Product Sheet selection recommended applications. the that the with the and that the withstand the and of using C-275 or with protective plate or, alternatively, with build-up or of or installation, to the Choosing and and Technical Build-up often or reduced heat-tracing or cleaning such as information, to the Rosemount Instrumentation Brochure Section Considerations
Section Considerations Rosemount with products where forces the and or of coating often the and the of to the often and of to the considerations installations when to the following: Mount the as as from and emptying This and and to from the incoming Rosemount recommended mounting the clearance to the (L) or obstruction the of smooth and the of or walls. the about to of the recommended to caused of the The recommended to or the of smooth Then the the should to the of the operation. The recommended height than height, (LS option) recommended to the from the height Reference AA
Reference AA considerations should when the empty, and the should inspected DN250 or with where to plastics, recommended that the grounded with grounding (R of Rosemount should mounted with plate of shielding the with the of with Rosemount should with the or with shielding Section Considerations
Section Considerations anchored, the forces to than with free-hanging To high when fixing the and to reduce the of the Select than the that there the of the that than or to of the Fixing with with than please factory non-contacting that wear the Rosemount with Quality (SQM) recommended to build-up the Measure and Learn function to reduce the of stationary the The Rosemount might activation of the Projection (PEP) function. and to SQM, Measure and Learn, and PEP. Reference AA
Reference AA Rosemount The Rosemount to and the often of selection and its location the the to selection with PTFE with PTFE the choice reflection the PTFE build-up the the choice reflection of than reflection than the of with flushing with flushing of than reflection than the of Section Considerations
Section Considerations Rosemount with Rosemount Rosemount with with or ( HINT: If the heavy the often to the This the the internal and the that the to the chance of location INLET might to INLET the to the from the ( The INLET the the injected The should mounted the of the It should mounted as to the as to mount the from Reference AA or considerations
Reference AA where non-contacting GWR Applications finished High consistency These typically and therefore the option. The option the where the height than The PTFE the If used, the flushing option. interstice the to the interstice the that the clearly internal without interferences. Clean the regularly. of NOTE: Too of the The of the and Therefore, the to and or If the the to the to increase the reflected Common Characteristics Section Considerations PTFE Recommended Steam or
Section Considerations software that therefore Emerson the This that the when the check-box selected the Rosemount (RRM) Additional of the might become necessary. such the factory further to proceed. which might Therefore, the Rosemount such the Rosemount Product information about that the PTFE NOT information to the Wave Applications and with Rosemount Non-Contacting Technical Notes. Reference AA considerations
Reference AA Section Commissioning Commissioning Introduction Functions of to include Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated warning Please to the following this death or serious injury: that the operating of the with the locations connecting HART-based atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or field the cover atmospheres when the to follow and servicing death or serious the installation. the as specified this to the protection the service other than those this death or serious injury. that the If the might from the the head from the High that leads shock: with leads and the to the off and the to other disconnected or while the covered with and/or with ignition-capable of charge Therefore, when the atmosphere, to Section Commissioning
Section Commissioning Introduction Functions of procedures to include The should as the that with every though the the to the the Rosemount GWR to the of the It to the mount or anchor the the mechanical information, the Rosemount and Reference and the Rosemount with QS Prior-Use option (SIS) to the and the Reference instructions. these the below recommended as grounding the Grounding and Protection Rosemount Technical Table Chamber installations Function Rosemount Near (TNZ) Rosemount Rosemount (UNZ) housing Rosemount Static (SVC) Rosemount Compensation (DVC) Rosemount Quality (SQM) Rosemount Rosemount (SIS) the Rosemount Reference Table installations Function Rosemount Near (TNZ) Rosemount Rosemount (UNZ) and learn Rosemount Quality (SQM) Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount (SIS) the Rosemount Reference Reference AA Commissioning
Reference AA Near (GWR Commissioning Table Function Rosemount Near (TNZ) Rosemount (UNZ) Rosemount Rosemount Projection (PEP) Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount Rosemount (SIS) the Rosemount Reference The Rosemount and with functionality that the Transition based mounting that the performance the these and indication. This the when chamber or there the applications, where chambers often used, the Near (TNZ) function advised. This function recommended together with housing. the Rosemount TNZ instructions, to the Rosemount Reference Section "Service and Troubleshooting" NOTE: The TNZ function should reducing from stationary It 2.A2 (released the TNZ with as below: height NOTE: The TNZ function with the Rosemount DVC option. The TNZ function RRM when DVC activated. To the TNZ function, that the or chamber empty, or that the than Then the TNZ command: RRM Advanced Near Near the Rosemount Reference Section Commissioning
Section Commissioning the (UNZ) and TNZ NOTE: The of TNZ when the within the (UNZ). the UNZ to the to the (UNZ) reference Reference height If there the of the the Near function to the that Near (GWR If the below the or located within the the UNZ to within the UNZ Rosemount and RRM field) RRM Curve UNZ TNZ (UNZ) Product Reference AA Commissioning
Reference AA Measure and learn function Commissioning Rosemount field and The Rosemount and functionality to threshold to the The Measure and Learn function RRM Threshold Curve (ATC) the Rosemount and to the the and Learn function the RRM Curve Learn the threshold operating and the Rosemount or Reference or high the DC of the increases (DC of Therefore, The below of reading with incorrect The Rosemount with both and If the used, that the DC If used, the Table reading shutdown, with correction activated DC reading, when DC reading, DC correctly from from NOTE: and to to the reading incorrect. Static Compensation (Rosemount Static Compensation (Rosemount high the of and account when the The Section Commissioning
Section Commissioning of Rosemount of manually the of to the induced the with and/or of the Rosemount built-in function (DVC), with that section below RRM Advanced RRM NOTE: The and only the reading specified This that the shows reading operation, and shutdown, when these (Rosemount While factory of the and DVC and to this the field or other options, such as head DVC field the Rosemount with DVC option that the function The with chamber The Rosemount with DVC reference mounted the to the of the The where the reference should there there the the reference appear the The the and the to the The then Reference AA Commissioning
Reference AA or or chamber recommended as the GWR mounted chamber. Commissioning to and the to the To the DVC function supported: RRM (If Compensation mentioned the Software the DVC NOTE: only. NOTE: the and DVC HTHP with reference the that The VC2 as shown HTHP with VC2 the to chamber the only mounting type. Supported and and PEP when TNZ when DVC VC2 and DVC Section Commissioning Compensation VC2 DVC NOTE: DVC HTHP
Section Commissioning It that the function and the The includes of the chamber and the of housing the following: The least below the of the or below the reflector/probe length). that recommended to the pipe/chamber and to that cleared from and/or the and when the to To DVC, choose of the following: RRM the recommended) RRM Advanced Click the Compensation selected) DVC the following: that the reference RRM, length, and that the The from the reference the RRM. RRM Curve RRM to the Rosemount Reference and the Wave High Steam Applications Technical Reference AA Commissioning
Reference AA Remote housing (GWR chambers options Commissioning If housing to the DVC the to recalibrated. housing, the should If the housing with the factory. to the Rosemount Reference Remote RRM Remote Housing There options to the chamber installations to the The options below. the to the length, with (LRV) and (URV) the and top of the chambers, this to center-of-the-pipe to the the to to such that it reads positively and from that required: the height (reference should as the from the to the the URV the from the reference to the the LRV the from the reference to the the the Section Commissioning
Section Commissioning Option Matching the of from the reference Choose as to the GWR the would to Table Option height to reference URV reference LRV reference chambers option NOTE: This option of the to RRM Service Service Service Read) TankPresentation field) as and Service Service Reference AA URV Reference LRV Commissioning
Reference AA Commissioning Option LRV to the The height should to the to the this the located below the reference the to the LRV should the URV should and the should to the length. Table Option height to LRV URV LRV of chambers option URV Section Commissioning (reference height) LRV
Section Commissioning Option The height (reference and the should to the The LRV the from the of the to the The URV the LRV the to the this height (reference the of the LRV and the URV Option height as URV LRV LRV of to of chambers option Reference Height Reference AA URV LRV Commissioning
Reference AA Quality (Rosemount and Commissioning Quality (SQM) the to the It to to the or and and The Rosemount with option and the Rosemount the SQM function. the Rosemount and Rosemount Reference and To SQM RRM: RRM Quality NOTE: If SQM or the and to SQM shown the LCD "Operation" the Rosemount and Rosemount Reference and SQM assigned to (SV, TV, or QV). RRM, this selecting: RRM to the Distributed (DCS) to from to SQM and The should least The Rosemount and advanced options such as or Product Rosemount This that the the selected Additional of the might become such Rosemount further to proceed. selecting the option the the the selected RRM Advanced NOTE: Select only otherwise the each other. the Rosemount with such as flash to Select Condition and to s). RRM Condition RRM Advanced Tracking Section Commissioning
Section Commissioning (Rosemount Projection (PEP) with such as If the reflected the the Rosemount the as reference to the the the as reference to the the Rosemount Reference C Advanced instructions This It free to or attached such that created. NOTE: This function with SQM or DVC. threshold the (DC) PEP and the DC PEP. Therefore, the threshold as as without allowing to the threshold, OK, enough to It recommended to the once with and once with the NOTE: that the Mounting and assigned RRM, PEP RRM Advanced Projection Product offset Reference AA Commissioning
Reference AA and On the (optional) Commissioning the of the recommended that both the and the these or troubleshooting. that the should once operating RRM, the following: RRM to RRM Curve Record the following: Memory EE Rosemount and protected from The and recommended that this to service and of the RRM: Unlock the and the the this the often or other Although, these of the they that the properly the tests, them. The instructions should followed and the optional. One of the the and the operating the of the chamber using the Rosemount and the of while the NOTE: the thresholds to there that the thresholds too high. Generally, to the If to the thresholds, the the first the operating Normally, the thresholds the Section Commissioning
Section Commissioning The the of the of and Rosemount mounted chamber connecting to the that there or the to the flow. The sealed closing the and the chamber with the introduced through the The the to that the correctly. Once the chamber mounted the and the started, of Water would with Closed Reference AA Commissioning
Reference AA Section Introduction operating and testing SIS Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated to the following operation this to follow these death or serious only the installation. the only as specified this to the protection the death or serious injury. that the operating of the with the locations connecting HART-based atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or shock death or serious when with the leads and High that leads shock: covered with and/or with ignition-capable of charge Therefore, when the atmosphere, to Section
Section Introduction operating of non-authorized or other than the head or assembly, and prohibited. Unauthorized to the strictly as they and performance and Unauthorized that with the of the or such as perforations, and and products that or without the written of Emerson of that or without written authorization the customers and this section, the of operating The should operating and the to the of the The outlined this section as of Once Rosemount and continuously with of The The outlined to of the process, or as re-occurring functional to the of the operating If the to Section Troubleshooting of the this and although recommended, the that actions to the or performance of the process. the the of reading At operating the reading with Unfortunately, often that match perfectly, the and the with other information. The of from sight-glasses and to and Sources of Reference AA
Reference AA The of sight-glass that this section to only. that the to the Distributed (DCS) the the built-in to the least and that the reading the DCS match. To the Rosemount (RRM): RRM Also, or alternatively, the function. and and that the readings the DCS match RRM: RRM Section
Section echo-curve operating At operating and the echo-curve to the following reference and the the previous commissioning, and rounds. that of and and operating Rosemount with DVC that the reference NOTE: The non-contacting reference and threshold that the and that the thresholds to the Section Troubleshooting If the echo-curve with echo-curves operating There should the echo-curve Permanently the echo-curve with re-occurring Reference AA
Reference AA GWR and threshold UNZ threshold Reference Rosemount with DVC, reference and threshold UNZ threshold Reference The that the health of the to that or to the reference RRM: RRM Reference Section
Section while emptying the (and/or interface) reading This that the correctly the the emptying of the activating functionality the Either the or used: RRM emptying the or chamber to completely empty. With chamber, to the Reference AA
Reference AA Emptying or chamber Finally, the echo-curve with the or chamber empty, and the to the following echo-curve with previous the with commissioning. There should to review: the and of the reference below the threshold the and of the or the Permanently the echo-curve with re-occurring while the or chamber instead of emptying Section
Section and testing SIS The FMEDA www.emersonprocess.com/rosemount/safety/PriorUse.htm The Rosemount Prior-Use option tested to that the and protection function the The the of the and the The Rosemount to the typical of the SIF PFD AVG the responsibility of the operator/owner of the to the and that the FMEDA or If the and protection function tested to the of the or of the physical to the The three short-circuiting the the the built-in The following recommended. If found the functionality, the switched of service and the of other and corrective actions www.emersonprocess.com/rosemount/safety This approximately of the Undetected (DU) of the including the the Instructions the with the RRM, or AMS, the E: of the Rosemount Reference that to this the should inspected to that affecting the performance the HART host/communicator and the or other actions to write protection the function the representing high and that the reaches that the reference This such as or increased the and that the reaches that the reference This related Reference AA
Reference AA inspection Product performance, the as of the applying the to the within the that the to the input using known reference This that the the operating and that the properly write protection. the to operation. the from the or otherwise operation. the reference. troubleshooting the Section Troubleshooting procedures or the Rosemount Reference performance, the as It recommended to inspect the build-up or Not required. The Rosemount the or the reported. Feedback electronically www.emersonprocess.com/rosemount/safety Emerson further information testing, the Rosemount Reference or Emerson Section
Section Reference AA
Reference AA Section Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Introduction Sources of Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated Please to the following operation this death or serious that the operating of the with the locations connecting HART-based atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or field the cover atmospheres when the to follow and servicing death or serious only the the only as specified this to the protection the service other than those this High that leads shock. with leads and the to the off and the to other disconnected or while the covered with and/or with ignition-capable of charge Therefore, when the atmosphere, to death or serious injury. that the If the might from the the head from the Section Troubleshooting Procedures
Section Troubleshooting Procedures Introduction of non-authorized or other than the head or assembly, and prohibited. Unauthorized to the strictly as they and performance and Unauthorized that with the of the or such as perforations, and and products that or without the written of Emerson of that or without written authorization the customers and This section information the found with typical this and apply): that the input and correct. Distributed (DCS) and the people to when the and the of the Could related to other to the that the selected to Section and Chamber installations basic such as and then of Commissioning If necessary, the Section or other that the A) If the there offset or the to B) as to to the the the Section should completed, or other that the of the If the Rosemount with of the and to the and the and commissioning. Reference AA Troubleshooting procedures
Reference AA Troubleshooting and philosophy about the that the the indicated or If the there or the properly, and the information, type of OUNDATION TM the information the OUNDATION fieldbus there instead reflected through of the because another active. the the related to topics, such (HART only) These displayed the to the product-related reference Rosemount (RRM), the the other such as the the RRM RRM Section Troubleshooting Procedures
Section Troubleshooting Procedures The the as the Each to reflection of the the of the or something instances or of the and why the as and accordingly to Usually, the the based the information, such as height, and troubleshooting applications. Reference AA Troubleshooting
Reference AA Troubleshooting RRM UNZ threshold Reference RRM Section Troubleshooting Procedures Reference
Section Troubleshooting Procedures Rosemount with DVC RRM typical the following appear the Reference This reference caused the the head and the the Rosemount and the while the Rosemount and the Rosemount with DVC, the as reference. the typical reference the Rosemount Reference (Rosemount with DVC only) This reference caused the reference and of the The as strong as the reference RRM, should as P2 other or P3 other echo/centering calibrated, Commissioning The of the reference the (chamber and the of the This caused reflection of the Table typical the Rosemount that the the of the type, type, to This caused the the and the surrounding The or or what type of used, and that the when high such as Reference AA Troubleshooting
Reference AA Troubleshooting Typical the Rosemount with chambers Reference Rosemount with (DC=2) Rosemount with (DC=80) This apply and when the completely or with or heavy Typical reference the Rosemount with types. Seal HP/HTHP This apply and when the completely or with or heavy Rosemount PTFE or Reference Reference strength, chambers Section Troubleshooting Procedures
Section Troubleshooting Procedures Rosemount and thresholds to and the The to which to the GWR counting from the top of the the first the threshold the further from the top, although the threshold, Non-contacting other to which type of that detected. found the threshold might the threshold. This the threshold of the The threshold as of individually threshold the ATC. within the UNZ the UNZ to of the GWR, TNZ the choice the Near (GWR activation. (Rosemount only). the Measure and Learn function, when the than the The manually. the Rosemount Reference Rosemount and Reference Product Unknown Reference AA threshold ATC Troubleshooting
Reference AA Rosemount GWR threshold Rosemount non-contacting threshold Common Troubleshooting the Rosemount and the threshold and that the of the and products correctly If apply the Learn function If the following to apply threshold Generally, the threshold should of the If the the threshold should It should than to If there from the threshold around should The threshold should below the and below from upwards products with such as to the threshold additionally, and/or to the PEP function. (Rosemount the activation of PEP. the Rosemount and Apply the Learn function (Rosemount only) If the following to apply threshold Generally, the threshold should of the the the threshold should It should than to there from the threshold around should The threshold should below products with such as to the threshold the Rosemount recommended. Threshold below the this the threshold incorrectly the The corrected lowering the threshold, Section Troubleshooting Procedures
Section Troubleshooting Procedures below the threshold Rosemount the threshold Rosemount The below the threshold The the threshold Reference AA threshold (ATC) threshold (ATC) Troubleshooting
Reference AA Troubleshooting procedures as this the incorrectly the reflection from as the because the first the threshold, and/or rough the of bounces. The bounce appear the that the Section followed. The increasing the threshold or, where the to the increasing the UNZ or the 'Near command. The the reflection from the The reflection from the selected as the the first the threshold. Rosemount correctly The from the correctly identified; the first the threshold. Rosemount Section Troubleshooting Procedures threshold (ATC) threshold (ATC)
Section Troubleshooting Procedures Incorrect reading to or the the of with that the If this the the mechanical to that the Section followed. The should match the or slightly shorter. The the of the of the assembly. build-up If from or the Near function. If necessary, the threshold (manually or Measure Learn), and using If the to the should cleaned. If SQM used, the of and to build-up. If SQM the secondary to to the of cleaning. The threshold the enough. Finally, the chamber to of build-up. Build-up Reference AA Troubleshooting
Reference AA Sources of and location Troubleshooting and Water or build-up from the and and and threshold the enough. the reduces the or build-up. This the the internal and the and This section to that track the or offset. There this, such as incorrect or incorrect of the output These exclusively the and the to what the and what the expected chamber installation, that the to the the that the chamber where the covered. Section Troubleshooting Procedures
Section Troubleshooting Procedures covered The the and the chamber allow of the should The the and expands and with increased and With the noticeable with the chamber and the the chamber the This with the the of the Incorrect the chamber without insulation F C) F C) SG=0.80 SG=0.85 Reference AA Troubleshooting procedures
Reference AA Troubleshooting Rosemount installation, the with mechanical installation the that the reaches the least If necessary, threshold and hold-off (UNZ). Mechanical What recessed the and that caused the the location of sight-glass or secondary chamber to the location as the reality they The sight-glass and chamber the where they to reaches Incorrectly to the Section Troubleshooting Procedures
Section Troubleshooting Procedures offset PEP) offset of the there the caused length. that emptying the and reading the or the that PEP (Rosemount followed. offset the The the and often to The height (reference height) measured Consequently, the height (reference height), below the The LRV and URV should with this as reference. and height (reference height) to match. Reference from the Reference AA Troubleshooting
Reference AA Troubleshooting and reference Reference (URV) The the (LRV) Reference Section Troubleshooting Procedures Height (Reference Height)
Section Troubleshooting Procedures Incorrect high-temperature and high-pressure applications, those with that the This and only the reading Normally, this that the reading operation, and shutdown. Alternatively, correction the reading shutdown, and and Table of and F/C and phases Table reading shutdown, with correction activated DC reading, when DC to from from NOTE: and to reading incorrect. To the RRM: RRM DK of DK of Reference AA reading, DC correctly Troubleshooting
Reference AA with other Troubleshooting procedures to each other, they match as expected. There numerous reasons this with the related to what actually measured. the directly as indirect of, or and then the from this the the or from the fact that what thought to the what actually measured. Displacers to The used, and the of the the measured indirectly. the of the such as the or to SG only reading with that SG This systematic of Another or (DP) These of indirect where incorrect or Section Troubleshooting Procedures
Section Troubleshooting Procedures and the of the and thereby the of completely used, really of and respectively offset the reading. or If used, its known? the correctly? If used, offset the reading. should used. offset created of known offset created Reference AA Troubleshooting
Reference AA A.1 Procedures and instructions this section to the of the the operations. Information that indicated Please to the following preceded this death or serious that the operating of the with the locations HART-based atmosphere, the the with intrinsically or the atmospheres when the to follow and servicing death or serious the installation. the only as specified this to the protection the service other than those this High that leads shock. with leads and the to the off and the to other or while the covered with and/or with ignition-capable of charge Therefore, when the atmosphere, to A:
A: A.2 A.2.1 Commissioning Completed readiness (Rosemount and only) HART The HART switched the HART of with the HART Revision The head and mounted as written the respective (QIG) connected as written the QIG and supply to the supply and terminating Foundation Shielded Grounding completed to the Locations and connected as written the QIG as written the QIG Reference AA
Reference AA A.2.2 Completed The reading The reading with The only) to the Distributed (DCS) RRM) function activated Arbitrary readings created and The readings and the readings the DCS match Echo-curve Reference and Thresholds to the Reference Echo-curve while emptying the functionality the activated closed chambers only) The or chamber completely Echo-curve with Echo-curve with Echo-curve while the functionality the activated closed chambers only) The or chamber completely A:
A: A.2.3 Troubleshooting Completed terminals DCS to the properly RRM) (as the Echo-curve and analyzed Threshold (Rosemount and threshold correctly Learn function necessary) Custom threshold Threshold (Rosemount and Learn function Custom threshold Echo-curve Threshold below the as Incorrect reading to Incorrect reading to contacting the build-up Sources of and location offset Projection) Incorrect with other Chamber completed to the Reference AA