Motion (FVM) and and MMI-20020964, AB
and information This Motion with when properly with the instructions this to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com or through Motion Information to that with the Directive found the www.micromotion.com/documentation installations to EN apply. Emerson Flow service Worldwide: Telephone: North and South America and East United States U.K. The New Eastern South Thailand South Africa UAE
Started and covered this Started
Started Motion Viscosity (FVM)
About this and and covered this chapter: About this and and Additional and This information to and troubleshoot the Motion (FVM). The following of the FVM this with with and the with Foundation Motion Viscosity with Foundation and This that correctly and completely, to the instructions the and that the with the the and I/O FVM********C FVM outputs FVM********D FVM DO One FVM********A FVM FF Foundation fieldbus RS-485 terminals One RS-485 terminals mount-
and and related information tions Supported this information Not and commissioning III Additional and Motion (FVM) You and to interface with the You locations or Complete and Service Complete and You to other from Emerson such as AMS or the THUM of AMS or the Wireless THUM this information the THUM to the www.micromotion.com Motion to the and of the Additional and Table Topic Motion (FVM): Product Motion Product the Motion www.micromotion.com or the Motion DVD. Complete informa- tion. information. C information. with On Motion CD On Motion tion.com Motion tion.com
the and covered this chapter: the to the The and or that and covers and closed. WARNING! To of or atmospheres, that covers and tightly closed. installations, while housing covers or Turn the the supply. The this active. The should seconds. Although the ready to shortly the to to reach thermal Therefore, this the or off enough to allow to reach allow the to relying this warm-up or the that action or that accuracy. seconds the to Immediately the through and the A009 active. This should clear when the the LED the
reported LED LED active. with or meas- One or low-severity active. low-severity or You with or If choose, and the Flashing yellow or fication One or high-severity active. high-severity affects meas- and the to the Motion (FVM) Related information and acknowledge and the active to the to the Follow this to first to the the type to and follow the instructions that type the the shown the type to Instructions III C (Optional) the to To the III, choose To the the choose HART low-severity or You with or If choose, and the
and If the type that the when write the to the the
Motion (FVM)
II and and Chapters covered this Introduction to and options and the with the Completing the and
and Motion (FVM)
Introduction to and to the off-line of the HART security and covered this chapter: to the offline of the HART security the HART the factory the factory. The the options that specified the purchase These the that shipped with Not III Security to the off-line of the If to the to the Restriction You the to to the off-line You from another If to HART to the HART security HART to this. Introduction to and
Introduction to and Motion (FVM) wrench Procedure the the wrench, the screws and the with A. the the spacer.
with and A. B. and the HART security switch to the OFF The HART security switch the switch the HART security switch A. HART security switch B. Unused Introduction to and
Introduction to and the HART the factory Motion (FVM) the and the If to HART to the other HART If this, other HART to from the to write to the Restrictions This only when using the or AMS. This HART Procedure Choose Security If locking the Option as Option the HART to the The manually HART The HART Option to Temporary Temporary the HART to the The manually HART or or The HART Option to HART to to the Option to or Temporary the HART to the To or that the completed Not III Factory Service Factory
and Restoring the factory the to known This Restoring the factory action. You to Motion to there to Introduction to and
Introduction to and Motion (FVM)
the factors and covered this chapter: the factors the input the API flow Not III Factors The factors to the of the the factory. However, should that the factors that match the factory You the factory the factors. These locations: The shipped with The the If the the the from the Procedure the factors that the them to the factory If the match, action required.
factors Motion Viscosity (FVM) If the match, Motion service. Related information The factors obtained from factory and to each They to the physical of the The of factors: The the of the that the factory. each the factory, the the to the Related information The measured and reported. Unit (Section (Section the relationship and the of to four the purchase and High. The continuously the reading and switches to the of factors. the relationship and the of the of the of There of the and the High The the
Unit and OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG UNITS DYN/VISC OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG UNITS KIN/VISC III The The cSt You and viscosity. Procedure that the correctly both and viscosity. or Not III Viscosity Units Optional Units of that allows to that the from existing factor. You viscosity, viscosity, or both. Procedure To viscosity: Unit Conversion Factor as follows: Unit Conversion Factor Unit Conversion Factor to the to the To viscosity: Kinematic Unit Conversion Factor as follows:
Motion (FVM) Kinematic Unit Conversion Factor Unit Conversion Factor to the to the The the You the to the You to rather than centiStokes. Unit Conversion Factor Unit Conversion Factor to to Not III Not the amount of that to the It affects both and to smooth fluctuations the seconds) which the the At the of the the internal of the the measured Viscosity affects that from viscosity. Procedure to the to The seconds. The to seconds. Interaction and the to or viscosity, both and to the
Unit and Viscosity the of the of the memory. the of the If to or and both and to first, and the to the of the first This the Related information Interaction and Unit (Section (Section Cutoff (Section twophase (Section OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG UNITS DENS III Unit Unit Unit the that and reporting. Restriction If the API the The the API selection. Procedure Unit to the option to The Unit Related information the API
Unit Unit SGU SGU SGU G/CM3 G/L KG/L KG/M3 U.S. LB/GAL foot LB/CUF inch LB/CUI lbs/in3 Short ton ST/CUY API API SPECL This the of F. Motion Viscosity (FVM) Unit The of Unit III Not III Units Units of that allows to that the from existing using factor. Procedure Specify Unit Unit the existing that the based Unit Conversion Factor as follows:
and Unit Conversion Factor Unit Conversion Factor to the to the The the You the to the You to ounces inch. Unit to Unit Conversion Factor Unit Conversion Factor to to Not III the amount of that to the to smooth the seconds) which the the At the of the the internal of the the measured affects that from Procedure to the to The seconds. The to seconds. Interaction and the to both and to the
Cutoff two-phase flow Motion (FVM) the of the of the memory. the of reported the If to and both and to first, and the to the of the first This reported the Related information Interaction and Not III Cutoff Cutoff Cutoff specifies the lowest that as measured. below this as Procedure Cutoff to the to The The to III The two-phase flow the and reports phase flow or Two-phase to as flow.
and Procedure Two-Phase Flow to the lowest that process. below this the to A105 to temporarily. To reduce the of two-phase that to process, Two-Phase Flow slightly below expected lowest You Two-Phase Flow another Two-Phase Flow High to the highest that this the to A105 (Two-Phase Flow). To reduce the of two-phase flow that to process, Two-Phase Flow High slightly expected highest You Two-Phase Flow High another Two-Phase Flow Timeout to the of seconds that the two-phase to clear the The Two-Phase Flow Timeout seconds, that the immediately. The to seconds. Detecting and reporting two-phase flow Two-phase flow or process) of the two-phase flow that correction. To the of two-phase flow Two-Phase Flow or Two-Phase Flow High two-phase flow whenever the measured below Two-Phase Flow or Two-Phase Flow High If this two-phase to the active its the of seconds Two-Phase Flow Timeout If the two-phase flow clears Two-Phase Flow Timeout
Unit Motion (FVM) to The two-phase deactivated, the active acknowledged. If the two-phase clear Two-Phase Flow Timeout to the two-phase flow active. If Two-Phase Flow Timeout to seconds, two-phase two-phase flow the or reports The from the reported. Unit (Section (Section (Section OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG UNITS TEMP III Unit Unit Unit the that Restriction If the API the API selection the the API first, then the Procedure Unit to the option to The Related information the API
and Unit The of Unit the Unit Unit C C F F R R K K Not III the amount of that to the when the on-board (RTD). to smooth specifies the seconds) which the the At the of the the internal of the the measured affects and corrections that from the Procedure the to The seconds. high the appear smoother the slowly. III tor
Motion (FVM) the appear the reported the the reported the the there chance of and the and the reported The rounded to the from the on-board (RTD) You and to. III the III III Source from the on-board (RTD) You and to. only than the internal RTD. and It to the internal RTD and others. The the internal RTD and the the which or the Accordingly, and another, and third, the and and and overwrite each other. Procedure Choose the to to supply and the
Option RTD Polling The This tion to the internal RTD tions and from the board (RTD) used. writes to the This to the internal RTD If the displayed the the III If the correct: that the and the the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, the type. If necessary, apply offset. Source to RTD Click Apply Source to to to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Click Apply Source to or tions Click Apply the and tions to write to the
RTD Motion (FVM) using the from the on-board (RTD) You and than the internal RTD. and It to the internal RTD and others. The the internal RTD and the separately. the only which or the Accordingly, and another, and third, the and and and overwrite each other. Procedure Choose the to to supply and the from the (RTD) used. Choose Optional to
Polling The This tion to the internal RTD tions and writes to the This to the RTD To the choose Service that the correct. If the correct: that the and the using the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, the type. If necessary, apply Choose Optional Viscosity to Choose to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Polled to Choose Optional to the and tions to write to the
the input the input III Option The tions Motion (FVM) The There to the input III (Section the input the (Section III There to recommended. Procedure Choose Unit to the the Restriction If the API the API selection the the API first, then the necessary. Choose the to supply and the writes to the Source to to to as or as Secondary to the HART of the Source to or the and tions to write to the ate
the input the and The displayed the field. that the correct. If the correct: that the and the using the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, the type. If necessary, apply Related information the API The There to You using Procedure Choose to Unit to the the Restriction If the API the API selection the the API first, then the necessary. the input. Choose Choose Polling to as or as Secondary
Unit Unit Table Unit F FTH2O Water 68F C INW4C Water 4C F INW60 Water 60F F INH2O Water 68F Motion (FVM) Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the to To the choose Service that the correct. If the correct: that the and the the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, the type. If necessary, apply Related information the API The of Unit the Unit should to match the the III
Unit (continued) Table Unit C Water 4C F Water 68F mercury C Mercury 0C mercury C INHG Mercury 0C inch PSI PSI BAR G/SCM KG/SCM PA KPA MPA Torr C TORR Torr 0C torr Atmospheres ATM and III corrected to reference other this the that the would the matched the reference Three to viscosity. These the following Table ASTM D341 Single-Curve Based ASTM D341 ASTM D341 Based ASTM D341 Applicable to products Used when the only Applicable only to products Supports of to from
ASTM D341 Single-Curve Motion Viscosity (FVM) (continued) Not based ASTM D341 corrected to reference other this the that the would the matched the reference The ASTM D341 with products. It when the only ASTM D341 SingleCurve III ASTM D341 SingleCurve the ASTM D341 Single-Curve using III III corrected to reference other this the that the would the matched the reference The ASTM D341 with products. It when the the ASTM D341 Single-Curve with products. You the of Procedure Choose to ASTM D341 Single-Curve and Apply to refresh the Applicable to Supports of to from
Option RTD The This tion to the internal RTD and the and Higher the the currently each the of that You the cSt (centistokes). If displayed rather than cSt, Apply to refresh the reference The first reference to the The reference to the Viscosity (Secondary) They to within the of the Choose the to to and the from the board (RTD) used. Source to RTD Click Apply Source to to Polling to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Click Apply
Option tions Motion (FVM) writes to the This to the internal RTD that as Choose I/O or the checkboxes as If the internal RTD that or If the used. If using the displayed the the III If the correct: that the and the the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, using the type. If necessary, apply ASTM D341 Single-Curve the Optional corrected to reference other this the that the would the matched the reference The ASTM D341 with products. It when the Source to or tions Click Apply the and tions to write to the
RTD and the ASTM D341 Single-Curve with products. You know the of Procedure Choose Optional to ASTM D341 Choose ASTM D341 the and the the currently each the of that You the cSt (centistokes). If displayed rather than cSt, to the to refresh the reference The first reference to the The reference to the (Secondary) They to within the of the Choose the to to supply and the from the (RTD) used. Choose Optional to
The This tion to the internal RTD tions Motion (FVM) writes to the This to the internal RTD To the choose Service that the correct. If the correct: that the and the the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, using the type. If necessary, apply Choose Optional to Choose Choose to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Polled to Choose Optional Viscosity to the and tions to write to the
ASTM D341 and corrected to reference other this the that the would the matched the reference The ASTM D341 only with products. It when the to ASTM D341 III ASTM D341 the ASTM D341 III III corrected to reference other this the that the would the matched the reference The ASTM D341 only with products. It when the to You to the ASTM D341 only with products. each know its Procedure Choose to ASTM D341 and Apply to refresh the the each and Higher the the currently each the of that
Option RTD The This tion to the internal RTD tions Motion (FVM) You the cSt (centistokes). If displayed rather than cSt, Apply to refresh the reference The first reference to the The reference to the (Secondary) They to within the of the Choose the to to supply and the from the (RTD) used. writes to the This to the internal RTD that as Choose I/O or the checkboxes as Source to RTD Click Apply Source to to Polling to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Click Apply Source to or tions Click Apply the and tions to write to the
and If checked, the internal RTD that or If the used. If the the the III If the correct: that the and the the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, using the type. If necessary, apply ASTM D341 using the Optional Viscosity corrected to reference other this the that the would the matched the reference The ASTM D341 only with products. It when the to You to the ASTM D341 with products. each its Procedure Choose Optional to ASTM D341 Choose ASTM D341
RTD Motion (FVM) the each Choose Choose and the the currently each the of that You the cSt (centistokes). If rather than cSt, to the to refresh the Press the back arrow and this reference The first reference to the The reference to the (Secondary) They to within the of the Choose the to to supply and the from the board (RTD) used. Choose Optional to
The This tion to the RTD tions and writes to the This to the internal RTD To the choose Service that the correct. If the correct: that the and the using the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, the type. If necessary, apply Choose Optional to Choose Polling Choose to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Polled to Choose Optional to the and tions to write to the
Motion (FVM) corrected to reference other this the that the the matched the reference The It based ASTM D341 III the using III III corrected to reference other this the that the the matched the reference The It based ASTM D341 You to You least each its or You the You to each Procedure Choose to and Apply to refresh the Unit to the that the based then Apply to refresh the If the of Unit the You the the Reference to the to which corrected. The reference within the of the It to match of the to the
Option RTD and the the first the which the the of the first each of the specified or cSt, the of Unit the third the of the each of the specified and You the low-to-high or high-to-low. You the of viscosity, low-to-high or high-to-low. The or Click Apply The the and the and or Empty that the mathematically of that the If the and If Empty that and that the the the the the and the that expected each of the Choose the to to supply and the from the board (RTD) used. Source to RTD Click Apply
Option The This tion to the internal RTD tions Motion (FVM) writes to the This to the internal RTD that as Choose I/O or the checkboxes as If the internal RTD that or If the used. If using the the the III If the correct: that the and the the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, using the type. Source to to to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Click Apply Source to or tions Click Apply the necessary and tions to write to the
and If necessary, apply Related information the the Optional corrected to reference other this the that the would the matched the reference The It based ASTM D341 You to You least each know its or You the You to each Procedure Choose Optional to Choose Unit to the that the based If the displayed, to the to the then then to this This writes the and refreshes the measured measured cSt. If the of Unit the You the the Reference to the to which corrected. The reference within the of the It to match of the to the the
RTD Motion (FVM) Choose Choose Isotherm the Isotherm each the the specified or cSt, the of Unit Press to this to the Press the back arrow. Choose Isotherm the Isotherm each the the specified Press the back arrow to to the You the low-to-high or high-to-low. You the of viscosity, low-to-high or high-to-low. The or Choose and the and or Empty that the mathematically of that the If the and If Empty that and that the the the the the and the that expected each of the Choose and the and Choose the to to supply and the from the (RTD) used. Choose Optional to
The This tion to the internal RTD tions and writes to the This to the internal RTD If using the displayed the the III If the correct: that the and the the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, using the type. If necessary, apply offset. Related information the Choose Optional to Choose Choose to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Polled to Choose Optional to the and tions to write to the
Motion (FVM) the This to four related each collected from F to F. each and and Table (F) If III to the appears as shown If interface, the the although the appearance
the using III the API and Notes The to this of the This Reference This that the mathematically that the The API corrects to reference and reference to American (API) The the API III (Section the API the (Section
the API using III Motion (FVM) This section through the to and the API the API III API using III and API using III the API III The API If the API the factory, to Choose If the and Apply The and the API API and Apply API III The API specify the API and reference to You API the API that select. API to the thermal (TEC) You know the reference and reference that to Procedure Choose Specify the API to Each API associated with of to the API that to. API and JP4 products: heating
and API C with or known thermal (TEC). You to the TEC Lubricating NGL and LPG The API the following and LNG, cyclohexane, aeromatics, asphalts, and Unit to the that to Click Apply These the API The selected API displayed, and the the and reference to match the API Restriction Not the API the of API this to the API and selection. that within and If of these the and instead of the back within that the of the selected If chose C Thermal (TEC) Reference to the to which corrected If choose Other the and the reference Reference to the to which corrected API the API The API the API
API and reference API (API) and JP4 5A Unit: API products heating with or known thermal 5D Unit: API NGL 23E Unit: SGU F LPG 24E Unit: SGU F Motion (FVM) 23A Unit: SGU Unit: 53A 5B Unit: API 23B Unit: SGU 53B Unit: 6C Unit: API F 24C Unit: SGU F 54C Unit: C 23D Unit: SGU 53D Unit: Restriction These the following and and and LNG, aeromatics, and and API III The API and its You to this then the and to API to SGU to to API to SGU to to API to SGU to reference reference F F C F F C F F C
Option RTD and or recommended. or and It to the internal RTD and others. The the internal RTD and the the which or the Accordingly, and another, and third, the and and and overwrite each other. and The only which the or the Accordingly, choose and others, the overwrite the If to the output wired to HART You using The the that the If the that the Procedure Choose API Choose the to to supply and the from the board (RTD) used. Source to RTD Click Apply
Option Polling The This tion to the internal RTD tions Option The tions Motion Viscosity (FVM) writes to the This to the internal RTD Choose the to supply and the writes to the If the displayed the the III The the field. that the correct. If the correct: Source to Polling to to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Click Apply Source to or tions Click Apply the and tions to write to the Source to to to as or as Secondary to the HART of the Source to or the and tions to write to the ate
the API the and that the and the the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, the type. If necessary, apply This section through the to and the API the API the API using the and API using the the API the The API If the API the factory, to Choose Information Applications Applications If the The and the API the API API using the The API specify the API and reference to You API the API that select. API to the thermal (TEC) You know the reference and reference that to
API API F F API F F SGU F F SGU F F C C C C Used with API Table C Motion Viscosity (FVM) Procedure Choose API Choose API Specify the API that to API associated with of API to the that matches the API that to choice the to and and the reference and reference API to the of the API that API Table and JP4 products: heating C with or known thermal (TEC). You to the TEC Lubricating meas-
and API Table NGL and LPG Used only with API Table or The API the following and LNG, aeromatics, and API and API the API The selected API displayed, and the the reference and reference to match the API Restriction Not the API the of API this If chose C Thermal (TEC) to the API and selection. that within and If of these the and instead of the back within that the of the selected If required, Reference to the to which corrected The reference the selected API Choose Service the reference to the the selected API IEEE floating- If required, Reference to the to which corrected The reference the selected API API Choose Service
API and reference API (API) and JP4 5A Unit: API products heating with or known thermal 5D Unit: API NGL 23E Unit: SGU F LPG 24E Unit: SGU F Motion (FVM) the reference to the the selected API IEEE API the API The API the API 23A Unit: SGU Unit: 53A 5B Unit: API 23B Unit: SGU Unit: 53B 6C Unit: API F 24C Unit: SGU F Unit: 54C C 23D Unit: SGU 53D Unit: Restriction These the following and and and LNG, cyclohexane, aeromatics, and to API to SGU to to API to SGU to to API to SGU to reference reference F F C F F C F F C
and and API the The API and its You to this then the and or recommended. or and It to the internal RTD and others. The the internal RTD and the separately. the which or the Accordingly, and another, and third, the and and and overwrite each other. and The which the or the Accordingly, choose and others, the overwrite the If to the wired to HART You using The the that the If the that the Procedure Choose the to to supply and the from the board (RTD) meas- and Choose to
The This tion to the internal tions Motion (FVM) writes to the This to the internal Choose the to to and the Choose to Choose Polling Choose to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Polled to Choose to the and tions to write to the
The tions and writes to the Choose Service and the and If the correct: that the and the the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, the type. If necessary, apply Choose to Choose Polling Choose to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Polled to Choose to the and tions to write to the
to Motion (FVM) The from and to (Section III (Section the (Section The and to the this information To the the following The One or the that the factory. If to and using III, from or If the from This building information building Motion Enhanced Application: Theory, and If as the the reference Source and One selected as the active (the Optional The following optional: and or switching
using III and This section through the to and the using III III reference using III III and using III using III the active III the using III The If the the factory, to Choose If the API and Apply The and the API to and Apply using III At least You to with the and the factory. You to the The each that to containing the The III includes of Other from Motion. If another to then to the
Motion (FVM) If II III. You the following information The that the to The that the built with The that the built with the If the of existing from memory. If the to Flow the to If Motion or If the to Flow the to If Motion or If to switching, the to switching and them and Procedure Choose and Unit to the the correct, incorrect. The match the of You the the loaded. Choose and Unit to the the correct, incorrect. The match the of You the the loaded. Choose The displayed. It that allow to and this the that the of matches the If as and Apply
and If the of existing from memory. the of or to the location to which the loaded. Click from to the and loaded. (Optional) the and to the to Related information switching and Unit Unit Measuring Flow Rate and Flow Rate reference III to the reference to and the reference of and then the of the reference The reference Additionally, the reference that rather than the based Typically, the reference the this required. Restriction If to of these These the active Procedure Choose The displayed. It that allow to and this the to to the to and
Motion Viscosity (FVM) to then the following Reference to the to which corrected the Reference Water to the that the Water Reference to the of the specified reference The the of the specified The displayed the that memory read. You to. Click the Apply the of Related information to and III The its You to this then the and from the on-board (RTD) You and to. The that establish this and It to the internal RTD and others. The the internal RTD and the separately. the which or the Accordingly, and another, and third, the and and and overwrite each other. If to the wired to HART Procedure Choose The displayed. It that allow to and this the
Option RTD The This tion to the internal RTD tions and to Choose the to to supply and the from the board (RTD) used. writes to the This to the internal RTD If the displayed the the III If the correct: that the and the the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, the type. Source to RTD Click Apply Source to to to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Click Apply Source to or tions Click Apply the and tions to write to the
Motion (FVM) If necessary, apply offset. and using III the of and the its This Choose The displayed. It that allow to and this the to to the to and to then the following Units to the that the If Units to the the to the Click the Apply the of III You and and switching. These the of the directly. Additionally, of the to used. Choose The displayed. It that allow to and this the to to the to and to Each built and If or the the to the that occurring, and to initiate switching. its
and to the which posted. or the high and and as and Apply If to switching, the If to High and the built of F to F, F. If the Selection to the type of to used, and Apply This option when to Option from the The the The as and the the The and (light or heavy). Brix as and the the Brix The output and as and the the The and as and the the The output and or Switching as and Apply switching and the switches from the to the or This would the other switching to other Related information to and switching Select the active III You the to Although the to Choose
using the Motion (FVM) The displayed. It that allow to and this the to Active to the to and To switching, the or the Related information switching This section through of the related to and the Restrictions This section cover building Motion Enhanced Application: Theory, and information building You using the If to III. the the reference using the the and using the using the Select the active the the the The If the the factory, to Choose Information Applications Applications If the API The and the API the
and reference using the to the reference to and the reference of and then the of the reference The reference Additionally, the reference that rather than the based Typically, the reference the this required. Restriction If to of these These the active To the of choose Optional CM the of If the of existing from memory. Procedure Choose Optional to the to Choose Reference Conditions then the following Reference to the to which corrected the Water Reference to the that the Water Reference to the of the specified reference The the of the specified The displayed the that memory read. You to. Related information to and
RTD Motion (FVM) the The its You to this then the and from the on-board (RTD) You and to. The that establish this and It to the internal RTD and others. The the internal RTD and the separately. the which or the Accordingly, and another, and third, the and and and overwrite each other. If to the wired to HART Procedure Choose the to to and the from the board (RTD) used. Choose Optional to
The This tion to the RTD tions and writes to the This to the internal RTD To the choose Service that the correct. If the correct: that the and the the the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, using the type. If necessary, apply offset. Choose Optional to Choose Choose to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the to Choose Optional to the and tions to write to the
Motion (FVM) and the the of and the its This Choose to the to to the to the Unit to the that the If Unit to choose Unit and the using the You and and switching. These the of the directly. Additionally, of the type to used. Choose to the to If to the type of to used. Option from the The the The as and the the The and (light or heavy). as and the the Brix Brix The and as and the the The and as and the the The and This option when to Each built and If or the the
to and and to the that occurring, and to initiate switching. its to the which posted. Choose or the high and and as If switching, the If to High and the built of F to F, F. Choose CM then or Switching as switching and the switches from the to the or This would the other switching to other Related information to and switching Select the active the You the to Although the to Active to the to Related information switching Whenever the to the option of to Brix,Plato, and instead of the used, the active to
and Table N/A or heavy) Brix N/A Brix SG) SG N/A (SG N/A switching Motion Viscosity (FVM) This to The of the then the to or the reference that specified If the the to the of the and switch when of SG than light) SG of RefTemp of Reference as measured the active WaterRefTemp of Reference Water Related information reference III reference the switching to without the active manually. switching to increase switching the switches the and whenever the active would the other RefTemp WaterRefTemp SG SG SG SG
and The active, the high-density and switching the of the the The then the of the would posted, the switches to the The active, the high-density and switching the of the the The then the of the The would this the switch. You the that switching or the low-density and high-density the low-temperature and high-temperature switching switching. to and that there and/or or that there switching to The of the The the first The the Whenever the switched, the and the switches to the other To that the used, there the of the other If using to switching, there that within the of both the applied. If to switching, there that within the of both the applied. If both and to switching, there or that within the of both the applied. switching to increase increased when the or with or slightly increased of To there should the the applied.
Measuring Flow Rate and Flow Rate flow using III Motion (FVM) Flow Rate the flow Flow Rate the To Flow the following required: flow measured or what and active, with as the To Flow the following required: measured or what and active, with as the The directly. However, flow to the and this to flow If and the or flow using III (Section the (Section III I/O The directly. flow to the and this to flow If and the flow or To flow to supply to the If to the wired to HART
Option The flow and the flow tions and Procedure Choose I/O Flow (Calculated) to and Apply Flow Rate (Calculated) Unit to the which the flow reported. Flow Rate Unit to the the Flow Source to the to to flow and the writes flow to the and the the recommended. The following Flow Rate Flow Rate (Calculated) If the and of the following Flow Rate Flow Rate To the flow the displayed the III the group. To the flow of the III to If the correct: that the and the using the Flow Source to to to as or as Secondary to the HART of the Flow Source to or tions the and tions to write flow to the
the Motion (FVM) the the and the the HART of the that the to the that the writing to the memory, using the type. If necessary, apply offset. Related information Flow Rate and Flow Rate The directly. flow to the and this to flow If and the flow or flow To flow to supply flow to the If to the wired to HART Procedure Choose (Calculated) and Flow Rate Unit to the which the flow reported. Choose and Flow Rate Unit to the the Choose and Flow Source to Choose the to to supply and the
The tions and writes to the ate recommended. The following Flow Rate Flow Rate (Calculated) If the and of the following Flow Rate Flow Rate Choose Service and the Flow Rate and Flow Rate If the correct: that the and the the the the and the the HART of the Choose Polling Choose to as or as Secondary Option as other HART the The HART as Secondary Other HART the The HART to the HART of the Polled to from the and tions to write to the
Motion (FVM) that the to the that the writing to the memory, the type. If necessary, apply Related information Measuring Flow Rate and Flow Rate
options and the the the and Topics covered this chapter: the or actions from the security the informational You the shown the and of the the (Section the and shown the (Section the of shown the (Section the refresh of shown the (Section or through the (Section OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG DISPLAY LANG III the and the Procedure Select the to The and options and
options and the and shown the the of shown the Motion (FVM) Not III You the and shown the and the which they appear. The through to choose. or Restriction You to or to to Procedure each to the to Not III You specify the of that shown the each or You the each The the of the or the Procedure Select of to the of shown when the or appears the and the other the The to
the refresh of shown the or through the and The the the the to reflected the the too or too high to OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG DISPLAY RATE III Refresh Rate You Refresh Rate to refreshed the Procedure Refresh Rate to the The milliseconds. The milliseconds to seconds). OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG DISPLAY AUTO SCRLL III Behavior You the to through the or to the activates scrolling, the of each displayed. Procedure or as Option The through each as specified Rate The to the using options and
options and or actions from the or the Acknowledge Motion (FVM) Option If Rate as The seconds. Rate apply You the to the actions using the or the Acknowledge (Section OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG DISPLAY ACK III Acknowledge You whether or the to acknowledge from the Procedure that the from the To acknowledge from the to the or Acknowledge as Option to acknowledge once. The shows and automatically. The to the using
security the and Option acknowledge once. Each knowledged separately. OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG DISPLAY III Security You to sections of the off-line You to access. Procedure To to the section of the off-line or Option the section of the off-line This and including the section of the off-line To to the or Option the This to and acknowledge or the The LED to that there active To to the off-line or options and
options and Timeout Motion (FVM) Option prompted the off-line to the off-line to the off-line to the The The to Record reference. The the to and Timeout (Section Severity (Section Not III Processing Severity Timeout Timeout the actions Restriction to the following A003, A004, A008, A016, A033. other actions as as the detected. Procedure Timeout as The seconds. The to seconds. If Timeout to actions as as the detected. The timeout when the the timeout the to its
Severity and If the timeout while the active, the actions If the clears the timeout actions Not III Severity Severity Severity Severity to the actions that the when Restrictions Severity Severity to of the three options. Motion recommends using the Severity to them. Procedure the selected Severity as Option Actions when detected: The to the to the action Timeout expired, to the action Timeout expired, The LED to or verity). Actions when clears: to to The LED to options and
options and and Severity title severity severity A001 EEPROM A002 RAM A003 A004 A006 Characterization A008 A009 Initializing/Warm- or A010 A014 A016 (RTD) A020 Factors A021 Mismatch A029 A030 Incorrect A033 A036 A037 A038 of A100 Saturated Informational To Informational or A101 Informational To Informational or A102 Informational A104 Informational To Informational or A105 Two-Phase Flow Informational Motion Viscosity (FVM) Option Informa- tional Actions when detected: The to the The LED to or yellow verity). Actions when clears: The LED to and options Severity
and Severity title severity severity A106 Informational To Informational or A107 Occurred Informational A113 Saturated Informational To Informational or A114 Informational To Informational or A115 or Polled A116 (API A117 (API A118 Informational To Informational or A120 Curve tion) A121 tion) A122 (API A132 Active Informational A133 EEPROM Informational A136 Incorrect Informational informational and Not III Information Info The informational to or They and they required. Procedure as Informational Informational Informational Informational Informational Informational options and
options and Motion (FVM) The of the the from the to memory. The to characters. of this The to characters. the the the The type this the from the shipped with the or from the The informational If to of the informational III. The allows to HART and HART from this location. These replicated from HART These HART
the with the and covered this chapter: the the Action OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG IO CONFIG CH III I/O to as or The of match the the To causing the or the that affected the Procedure as Option output as the secondary the with the
the with the the Motion (FVM) Option as The to the The output the reported. The FVM and B. Both The FVM DO A. The other the to service. the of and these (Section (LRV) and (URV) (Section (Section Action and (Section OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG IO CONFIG MAO AO SRC OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG IO CH MAO CONFIG MAO AO SRC III I/O Source I/O Source Secondary to the that reported the Procedure as shown the following
Table output FVM FVM DO Kinematic DENS TEMP EXT or Fixed) EXT or Fixed) DGAIN TP Flow Rate MAG Flow Rate from Flow Rate MAG Flow Rate (Calculated) Flow from DYNV Kinematic KINV Kinematic RVISC and Secondary If the of the of (LRV) and (URV). The of options options. the options. III UCALC the with the assign-
the with the (continued) Table Secondary API (API) RDENS (API) Reference (API) SG (CM) CONC (CM) tration) Flow NET Flow Rate Flow Rate (CM) Flow NET Flow Rate Flow Rate (CM) (LRV) and (URV) Motion (FVM) III SRVIS (Secon- RDENS tration) OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG IO CONFIG MAO OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG IO CONFIG MAO OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG IO CH MAO CONFIG MAO OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG IO CH MAO CONFIG MAO III I/O I/O I/O I/O PV LRV PV URV SV LRV SV URV The (LRV) and (URV) to the that to the relationship and the output (Secon- Reference (CM)
and that to the Each its own of LRV and URV the of LRV and URV the currently assigned that the the as Procedure LRV and URV as LRV the of of The LRV the of URV the of of The URV the of URV the that performance: LRV LSL URV USL these that the URV and LRV URV and LRV within the recommended LSL and USL that the of the within the of the of the D/A You URV below LRV URV to and LRV to The of to LRV and URV the with the If the below LRV or URV the Not III I/O I/O PV SV the amount of that to the the with the
the with the Motion (FVM) to smooth the seconds) which the the At the of the the internal of the the measured affects the reporting of through the only. It the reporting of that other or or the of the the testing) or the reporting while active. Procedure to the The seconds. The to seconds. specify the rounds the to the Interaction and to viscosity, or interacts with or interaction seconds reflected the that than seconds. The the to internal algorithms which Related information Interaction and Interaction and
Action and and Not III I/O Action I/O Action MAO1 Action MAO2 MAO2 Action Action the of the the internal only: If Timeout to the the action the timeout Procedure Action to the The Downscale Restriction If Communications Action to NAN Action to If to this, the the If Action to or Downscale as CAUTION! If Action to to Action to If the output and this or process. Action and Action and Table Option to the the with the to
the with the the Source Motion (FVM) Action and (continued) Table Option Downscale to the to the associated with of as and Tracks the assigned action The to or The which reported and reported. purchase option, or other the to service. the of and these Source (Section Polarity (Section Action (Section OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG IO CH DO CONFIG DO DO SRC III I/O DO Source Source which or reported the Procedure Source to the option. The Source to Not Not
Source Table Option Enhanced Enhanced ON ON Polarity and Source III Enhanced Enhanced Enhanced Enhanced This that Polarity to Active High If Polarity to Active the Related information with the OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG IO CH DO CONFIG DO DO POLAR III I/O DO Polarity ON (active) and OFF (inactive). to these states. Polarity which which Procedure Polarity as The Active High State Enhanced ON Enhanced OFF Enhanced Enhanced OFF OFF the with the
the with the Action Motion (FVM) Polarity Polarity Active High asserted to DO the as as to of Active asserted to DO the than Not III Processing DO Action Action the of the the internal only: If Timeout to the the action the timeout CAUTION! Action as If to distinguish from operating If to the as Source to and Action to Procedure Action as The asserted to DO the than asserted to DO the as as to of
and Related information with the Action Action Table ON OFF Downscale V) its assignment with the To the Source to Then, the ON and the of Action Not III Enhanced Enhanced to of ON) the of user-specified (HI) or below (LO) or (IN) or of (OUT) with to You to Procedure Select the that to Specify Polarity= Active High Polarity= Active its assignment its assignment the with the OFF V) its assignment ON its assignment
the with the HART Motion (FVM) HI LO IN OUT or Assign to the the HI and LO IN and OUT and (Optional) to switch to the Related information Source HART with the terminals HART (Section HART (PV, SV, TV, QV) (Section burst (Section OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG HART III Information Communications (HART) HART The when the of the assigned than the included. The when the of the assigned than the included. The when the of the assigned that and included. The when the of the assigned of that than or greater than included.
HART (PV, SV, TV, QV) and HART include the HART HART and the of the Restrictions HART If using HART HART HART HART and Action from the Procedure HART to and The typically Devices HART to with the HART or HART Software to the or both, as other HART HART to that Action appropriately. The reports as This the applications. (Fixed) The output and If II or III to HART to the Action If II or III to HART to other the Action This to to the Action HART III (HART) the with the
the with the Motion (FVM) The HART of four HART The HART include the (PV), Secondary (SV), (TV), and Quaternary (QV). You assign to the HART and then HART to or the assigned The and Quaternary the Third (TV) and Fourth (FV). Restriction One the PV to and HART HART Table Flow Rate Flow Rate Secondary Quality Factor (Q Factor) API (API) (PV) Secondary (SV) Third (TV) Fourth (QV
HART and Table HART Reported (PV) If assignment the other matically, and Secondary (SV) Secondary (TV) Not associated with Quaternary (QV) Not associated with burst and HART (continued) Table Flow Flow Quality Factor the ratio of the the to the each other of the amount of to the tines. Quality Factor to viscosity. Interaction of HART and The HART reported through outputs. They reported through HART burst Restriction One the PV and the to and of which the broadcasts HART information to the the (PV) If secondary If assignment the other automatically. If secondary The SV directly, and the of the SV The TV directly, and the of the TV The QV directly, and the of the QV only the with the Secondary (SV) Third (TV) Fourth (QV
the with the burst HART Source The the (PV) the each burst The the read- and the PV, SV, TV, and QV each burst C, g/sec, with The four user-specified each burst Motion (FVM) Restriction including and HART/ RS-485. These HART burst HART HART HART burst Not III Communications (HART) HART information or You to three burst Each information. the and Procedure to the burst to the burst Option to the III Pct The the and the of each burst with The to user-specified each burst
burst (continued) HART Additional and III Additional the four or user-specified the burst or the HART as If the HART (PV) or Secondary (SV), the assigned to the and the secondary to match. The PV with output assignments. HART Not III (HART) HART Rate the burst to that implemented, the bursting (HART or or below the user-specified You each burst the HART burst Procedure Select the burst which to the type of to Option The burst Rate The burst affected the specified the burst Rate the specified below the burst Rate The expanded infor- mation each burst the with the
the with the Motion (FVM) Option the specified below the burst Rate the specified the burst Rate This option to that the around the recently broadcast If the within this the burst Rate If the this the burst Rate If the burst the burst On Rate If the burst Rate that or to the that the If the burst to the of the which the activated. Rate to the burst to when the active. Rate to the burst to when the active. HART Not III (HART) HART the burst to that occurred. and or of the selected each active burst BACK the acknowledged HART using HART affects HART burst Whether selected or severity, (active or inactive), timeout, and acknowledgment as If using the burst
and Procedure Select If or of the selected each active burst BACK the acknowledged HART using HART as the the BACK broadcast. seconds to seconds when the the If the active, the BACK broadcast. If the active, broadcast. If to the BACK as as the detected. Retry Rate as Retry Rate the which the BACK broadcast. seconds OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CONFG CONFIG MBUS III Communications (Modbus) Not with the implemented the RS-485 physical the RS-485 within the following RTU or ASCII ASCII Parity: or the with the
the with the Motion (FVM) Stop or You to these the Procedure or ASCII as The of this the of ASCII to the service and to the Floating-Point to match the host. the following the of and of floating-point Definition SEEEEEEE EMMMMMMM MMMMMMMM MMMMMMMM (Optional) Additional of the to character, as the currently and the character
Action Communications Action Action III that the than the Downscale Downscale that the than the and Additional to with that than the The specified to each the to the host. The from to Additional host. Not III Processing I/O Actions Action Action the that reported the encounters internal Procedure Action as The Restrictions If Action to Action should to If the output and this or If Action to NAN Action to If to this, the the the with the
the with the Action III as Not Not-a-Number reported as IEEE NAN as measured. Motion (FVM) reported as C or the other F as measured. reported as measured. reported as
Completing the or the using and covered this chapter: or the HART security Not III Testing Service to the to of including boundary or or to the Procedure the to the the to the and to the or to the the and finished testing or II and III upload/download function which allows to to PC. This allows to back and It to Restriction This function with other Completing the
Completing the HART security Motion (FVM) Procedure To back the III: Choose or the the to Click then and location Click The to the specified and location. It as text and text HART security HART to write to the This to HART. It to using other or HART security specifically installations HART security. wrench Procedure the the wrench, the screws and the
with and A. B. and with A. the the spacer. the HART security switch to the ON Completing the
Completing the Motion (FVM) The HART security switch the switch the HART security switch A. HART security switch B. Unused the and the
III Operations, and troubleshooting and covered this operation Troubleshooting Operations, and troubleshooting
Operations, and troubleshooting Motion (FVM)
operation Record the Pickoff and covered this chapter: Record the and acknowledge Motion that of including the of operating This when the or high or and and troubleshoot Procedure Record the following and operating Typical Typical high Typical information about the of the such as flow and as as about operation, such as and pickoff This information to and troubleshoot process. the (Section and other using III (Section the (Section operation
operation the and other III Motion (FVM) the The shows the each the reports the of the DENS the of that and the associated of G/ CM3 If the through the showing each user-specified of seconds. Whether or Select to to the features A. (LCD B. C. switch D. switch when activated E. switch when Select activated F. Select switch G. Unit of H. LED I. of and other to quality. III displays and other the III allows to choose the that appear the You choose whether to or and the information, the III
the and acknowledge and acknowledge the and to To of basic choose To of the of the choose Service The whenever its or the You active and acknowledge Acknowledging required. and acknowledge the (Section and acknowledge III (Section the (Section You containing that active, or inactive unacknowledged. and Informational listed. The with Severity to to the If to the another to or acknowledge Procedure operation
operation the to and acknowledge the Motion (FVM) and Select seconds Select Select SEE ALARM Select ACK ALL Select EXIT Active/ unacknowledged Select ACK ACK ALL NO ALARM EXIT
and acknowledge III and To clear the following the acknowledge the then the A001, A002, A010, A011, A012, A013, A029, A031. other If the inactive when acknowledged, from the If the active when acknowledged, from the when the clears. Related information memory You containing that active, or inactive unacknowledged. From this acknowledge or choose to acknowledge once. the III active or unacknowledged listed, and to the following occurred and immediately. Failed: occurred that Advisory: Informational occurred, from Notes the Failed: category. information displayed the or the Advisory: Informational category. The assignment hard-coded. The with Severity to To acknowledge the that To acknowledge once, To clear the following the acknowledge the then the A001, A002, A010, A011, A012, A013, A029, A031. other If the inactive when acknowledged, from the operation
using the memory memory Table the of: currently active Statistics One each that occurred the Each count of the of Motion (FVM) If the active when acknowledged, from the when the clears. Related information memory You containing that active, or inactive unacknowledged. To active or unacknowledged choose Service active and unacknowledged listed. and Informational listed. The with Severity to To refresh the choose Service Refresh Related information memory The three of every that posted. each occurrence, the following three of memory: Statistics Clearing active that acknowledged the and clearing action Cleared and with Not cleared;
memory Table or clearings Not cleared; and Clearing action operation
operation Motion (FVM)
the the using the and Topics covered this chapter: the with with Factor with or Factor offset with or with with and The to that the matches the factory If the the the physical such as or the using the (Section the using III (Section the the (Section The to that the matches the factory If the the the physical such as or the the from the process, and protected or that the clean. the tines.
the III Motion (FVM) the Procedure the and to RUN KDV to the that to the of measured from SCROLL to through the of The options and the appears, SELECT and the to the START KDV appears, SELECT while the collects and This should seconds. the the If the tests, action required. Click to the If or the with that the of the and that the the location. Then the with or that the and Then the If the to Motion service. The to that the operation matches the factory If the the the physical such as or the the from the process, and protected or that the clean. the tines.
the using the and the Procedure Choose (Optional) to the that to the of from to and to Click then while the collects and This should seconds. the the If the tests, action required. Click to the If or the with that the of the and that the the location. Then the with or that the and Then the If the to Motion service. The to that the operation matches the factory If the the the physical such as or the the from the and protected or that the clean. the tines. the Procedure Choose Service
with Motion (FVM) to the that to the of measured from to and to Click Next to the while the collects and This should approximately seconds. the the If the tests, action required. Click to the If or the with that the of the and that the the location. Then the with or that the clean and Then the If the to Motion service. Not III You applying You with Factor Viscosity or both. Factor to the measured viscosity, and to the from this from or viscosity, the The of Accordingly, the Procedure the
with Factor with Factor the and The The unlimited. You applying factor. The measured the factor. The further with Factor using the (Section with Factor using III (Section with Factor using the (Section and Factor manually (Section You applying factor. The measured the factor. The further The of Factor Accordingly, the the to four There factor each You or factor or of the You with Factor or both. Factor to the measured viscosity, and to the from this from or viscosity, the the to the factor. If viscosity, the factor manually. You to laboratory the of Reference This specified
with Factor III Motion (FVM) Procedure SCROLL the The factor this and only to this If to factor the of Record the reference This the specified as Reference It the the laboratory of viscosity. laboratory the of reference SCROLL ENTER DYNV displayed, SELECT and the laboratory reference the of reference APPLY SCALE FACT displayed, SELECT the The factor displayed. SCROLL The displayed. The Factor The recommended to If factor this Motion service. You applying factor. The the factor. The further The of Factor Accordingly, the the to four There factor each You or factor or of the You with Factor or both. Factor to the measured viscosity, and to the from this from or viscosity, the
with Factor using the and the to the factor. If viscosity, the factor manually. You to laboratory the of Reference This specified Procedure Choose Factor the The factor this and to this If to factor the of Record the reference This the specified as Reference It the the laboratory of viscosity. laboratory the of reference the laboratory reference the of reference Click Factor seconds, then the The factor and the displayed. The Factor The recommended to If factor this Motion service. To factors, choose Viscosity You applying factor. The measured the factor. The further The of Factor Accordingly, the the
Motion (FVM) to four There factor each You or factor or of the You with Factor or both. Factor to the measured viscosity, and to the from this from or viscosity, the the to the factor. If viscosity, the factor manually. You to laboratory the of Reference This specified Procedure Choose Service Scaling Factor Record the reference This the specified as Reference It the the laboratory of viscosity. laboratory the of reference Choose the The factor this and to this If to factor the of Choose the and the laboratory reference the of reference Click OK and seconds. the to the Choose The factor and the displayed. The Factor The recommended to If factor this Motion service.
and Factor manually and You applying factor. The the factor. The further The of Factor Accordingly, the the to four There factor each You or factor or of the You with Factor or both. Factor to the measured viscosity, and to the from this from or viscosity, the You to of known then laboratory the of the that You III this Procedure reading from the and the Immediately the previous from location as to the as the the of the the following to Factor The Viscosity Factor The recommended to If factor this Motion service. the factor. Choose the the measured viscosity. the factor the ViscosityMeterFactor ViscosityOffset
with or Factor Motion (FVM) You the the or Factor The measured the factor. The offset to the The Factor The Accordingly, the the reported and Factor when the and of the to the and of the process. If the offset to offset that corrected to reference and reference offset the to Restriction You offset from the If to the offset manually, III or the You that highly that the flow and aeration. Procedure reading from the that and typical operating Record the and Record the measured Immediately the previous from location as to the as the the of the and the following to or Factor DensityMeterFactor
offset offset the and and only Follow the established If the offset to to the the Not III: the The The If the factor to Factor to the the OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CAL DENS MTR III: Factor the Factor The Factor The recommended to If factor this Motion service. offset to or the of to the measured the factor applied, and other offset the (Section offset III (Section offset the (Section offset to or the of to the measured the factor applied, and other The of
Motion (FVM) Restriction offset when API or If neither of these manually. offset the the corrects the to reference and reference If this and manually. that the and aeration. If that Active to the that to Following the ASTM or API laboratory reference the of reference and reference Procedure to the OFF-LINE MAINT OFF-LINE CAL DENS CAL OFFSET and Select If the active displayed. to The reference displayed. to to the the laboratory reference and to the Select to apply the and seconds while the If the succeeded, the offset displayed. If the to the laboratory reference that the the to the displayed. API (API) displayed. To the then Select
offset III and offset to or the of to the measured the factor applied, and other The of Restriction offset when API or If neither of these manually. offset the the corrects the to reference and reference If this and manually. that the flow and aeration. If that Active to the that to Following the procedures ASTM or API laboratory reference the of reference and reference Procedure to the the laboratory reference Click Apply and seconds while the API the displayed the and (API) If the succeeded: displays the this (API) this with the offset applied. This should match the laboratory reference If the to the laboratory reference that the the
offset the Motion (FVM) the the and If the succeeded: displays the this shows this with the offset applied. This should match the laboratory reference If the to the laboratory reference that the that the active the offset to or the of to the measured the factor applied, and other The of Restriction offset only when API or If neither of these manually. offset the the corrects the to reference and reference If this and manually. that the flow and aeration. If that Active to the that to Following the ASTM or API laboratory reference the of reference and reference Procedure to the Service
with or and the laboratory reference Press OK and seconds while the You the the or The measured the The offset to the Meter-specific factors the factory. These the and the factors. The The Accordingly, the the offset and to from the on-board (internal RTD). Although or manually, the of offset and that the Motion You that that the and aeration. Procedure reading from the Immediately the from location as to the as the the of the the following to or Follow the established TemperatureOffset
using the Motion (FVM) If the offset to to the the Not III: the Communicator: Not The The If using the to to the the Not III: the Not The The recommended to If this Motion service. establishes the relationship the of the and the the using the (Section III (Section using the (Section establishes the relationship the of the and the the The offset and The without the shown. that to the without You low-temperature and high-temperature You the of the both the offset and the Motion the and should
III and Procedure the with the low-temperature the thermal to the and and Select to OFF-LINE MAINT and to OFF-LINE CAL and Select to CAL TEMP and Select the of the low-temperature CAL OFFSET TEMP flashing, Select the and the with the high-temperature the achieves thermal the of the high-temperature CAL SLOPE TEMP flashing, Select the and to the offset and Select to establishes the relationship the of the and the the The offset and The without the shown. that to the without You low-temperature and high-temperature You the of the both the offset and the Motion the and should
the Motion (FVM) Procedure with thermal of establishes the relationship the of the and the the The offset and The without the shown. that to the without You low-temperature and high-temperature You the of the both the offset and the Motion the and should with high- achieves thermal of high-
with and Procedure with achieves thermal Service of Next Complete Next the to match reference You applying the offset only, or applying both the offset and the applications, the offset You to of and laboratory and with high- thermal Service of high- Next Complete
with and Motion (FVM) Procedure reading from the and and of the and laboratory and the the the from the laboratory the as the the Not III: the Optional CM another reading from the and to the laboratory If the acceptably the If the acceptably this the offset Laboratory Brix Brix Related information with and and the to match reference You applying the offset only, or applying both the offset and the applications, the offset
and You to of You to of each of these each to laboratory and Procedure Collect reading from the and and of the the laboratory and the the Collect the of reading from the and and of the the laboratory and the the the following with from each (offset), using the and of the as the and the the Not III: the Optional CM another reading from the and to the laboratory If the acceptably the If the acceptably this
Motion (FVM) the offset and the Laboratory Laboratory the A: B: (A): offset (B): Related information with Not III to or to the to
and allows to and existing The of the the or three Procedure Select the that to If selected the to the A, B, X, Y. the to and these terms: You You specify If choose this, the of the the the internal Therefore: If its the internal If to the internal to the If selected the to the A, B, C. the to this You You If choose this, the of the the the internal Therefore: If its the internal If to the internal to the If selected the to the A, B, C, E, F.
Motion (FVM) the to (the of reference and reference Restriction the and active. the internal Therefore: If its the internal If to the internal to the to the of the (the (Optional) reporting the The as or HART or assigned to It The of the based internal You to this to the using or Related information Each and of and/or user-specified A, B, X, or user-specified of =A
and A, B, C or user-specified of A, B, C, E, of reference and reference from the of The internal referenced the internal or the internal and internal Flow or Flow or C C C Kinematic cSt and Secondary or cSt, Ct2 C
Motion (FVM) and internal Table Microseconds Unitless
Troubleshooting to troubleshooting and covered this chapter: to troubleshooting supply grounding LED and Viscosity API (TPS) troubleshooting outputs HART and Action interference (RFI) the twophase flow flow) the the internal the HART The or that caused installation with or mechanical with the To and as effectively as through the following of Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting supply Motion (FVM) If this first the and supply. the The externally. the grounding. shielding. each the and that that the and/or active and follow the If the appears to functioning correctly, the the and the following Viscosity Section Section Section API Section Section If the appears to functioning correctly, the as expected: the that and appropriately. to boundary and If the or improperly connected, the enough to properly. You the Procedure to the the If the within the specified supply If the that the supply the the correctly, there to the and If there with this
grounding and inspecting the supply the CAUTION! If the the that the wires, and and that the supply wires connected to the that the supply wires and to the insulation. Reapply to the CAUTION! If the reapply to the with the housing cover Reapplying to the while the housing cover the the If there Motion service. The and the grounded. You Installation (remote-mount installations only) Procedure to the and grounding and instructions. to that the and the properly. know whether to the (Section using III (Section Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting using the Motion (FVM) the (Section to that the and the properly. know whether to the the and that Follow procedures to that testing with existing and Procedure the output(s). Choose OFFLINE MAINT SIM AO1 SIM or OFFLINE MAINT SIM AO2 SIM and the while the fixed. the the and to the The readings to match exactly. If the slightly the the At the Select to and high the while the fixed. Read the the and it to the The readings to match exactly. If the slightly the the At the Select the Choose OFFLINE MAINT SIM DO SIM and SET ON the while the fixed. the the At the Select to and SET OFF
III and the the At the Select the TPS counter, (DMM), or (DVM) to the TPS the reading to the If the readings within of each other, this the If the the readings than or the reading faulty, the the and the and If the readings reversed, the of Polarity If the TPS readings match, Motion service. to that the and the properly. know whether to outputs. the the and that Follow to that testing with existing and Procedure the Choose Testing or Testing to: Click the the and to the The readings to match exactly. If the slightly the the Click UnFix to: Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting the Motion (FVM) Click the the and to the The readings to match exactly. If the slightly the the Click UnFix the Choose Testing To: to ON the the To: to OFF the the Click UnFix the TPS counter, (DMM), or (DVM) to the TPS the reading to the If the readings within of each other, this the If the the readings than or the reading the the and the and If the readings reversed, the of Polarity If the TPS readings match, Motion service. to that the and the properly. whether to the the and outputs that Follow to that testing with existing and
and Procedure the Choose Service or Service and the the and to the The readings to match exactly. If the slightly the the Press OK Select the the and to the The readings to match exactly. If the slightly the the Press OK Choose the Press Service Choose the the Press OK Choose On the the Press OK Choose the TPS counter, (DMM), or (DVM) to the TPS the reading to the If the readings within of each other, this the If the the readings greater than or the reading faulty, the the and the and If the readings reversed, the of Polarity Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting LED reported LED LED active. with or meas- One or low-severity active. low-severity or You with or If choose, and the Flashing or One or high-severity active. high-severity affects meas- and the Motion (FVM) The LED the whether or active. If active, the to the then action to the or LED the (only LED the board, beneath the housing CAUTION! If the housing cover. to The and flashing to Related information and acknowledge low-severity or You with or If choose, and the
and title Recommended actions A001 EEPROM The with the A002 RAM The with the A003 The or basic from the A004 A006 Characterization A008 The than and The RTD of the factors or the type incor- rect, or the factors incorrect the type. Troubleshooting to the Motion. to the Motion. the and the pickoff Section and Section the the characterization or Motion. of the characterization or bration the or the Motion. If other those first. If the with the two-phase flow. Section the or coating, or other of the characterization or bration the or the the and the Section and Section the or Motion.
Troubleshooting title Recommended actions A009 or A010 A014 that covers correctly. A016 (RTD) A020 Factors A021 Software Mismatch Motion (FVM) If this below and the repeating its This clear to the The computed the ance of the RTD its. factors or incorrect. The board type match the physical board. Allow the to its The should clear tomatically. If other those first. If the with the that the If the and to the If this that the internal the that the two-phase flow, high or of that the to the then the that and that shields properly terminated. the grounding of Section the of high interference (EMI) and the or as necessary. Motion. the reported the Motion. of the characterization or bration the or the of the characterization or bration the or the that the board
title Recommended actions A029 A030 Incorrect The software with the type. A033 Pickoff A036 The measured the highest which the calibrated. A037 the and the A038 of A100 ted and This of the and the The from the off(s) This that the or This often with The the the type. The the Troubleshooting to the the Motion. Motion. the or coating, or other the and the expected that the from two-phase or three-phase this the reported the Motion. Retry the Motion. the reported the the of and Section tions the tions which the ured. the or coating, or other that the correctly tion.
Troubleshooting title Recommended actions A101 The HART to or the to A102 The its A104 A105 Two-Phase Flow The the two-phase flow A106 HART burst action A107 Motion (FVM) The restarted. action required. whether the If the the HART If the HART to the of Action whether the output to cation. the and the pickoff Section and Section Check the or coating, or other Check the and the expected that the from two-phase or three-phase this Allow the to two-phase flow. Section If Severity to If Severity to
title Recommended actions A113 ted A114 The output to A115 or Polled A116 (API A117 (API A118 A120 Curve A121 (Concentration) and The the The to The the of the API The measured the of the API The to The to from the The or the of the tration the Troubleshooting the of and Section tions the tions which the ured. the or or other that the correctly tion. whether the If the whether the to cation. that the operat- correctly. the the and the the HART the the the of the API and related Section the the the of the API and related Section whether the If the the of the tration the the the of the tration
Troubleshooting title Recommended actions A122 (API A132 Active A133 EEPROM A136 Incorrect and recommended actions Recommended actions reading Motion (FVM) The the of the API There memory the incorrect the This areas. Normal Two-phase Deposition or coating, asphal- the the the Increase the two-phase flow, or that tion heat Increase back to formation. Clean the tines. the the reported the the of the API and related Section to the the Motion. the with
and recommended actions Table Recommended actions reading reading and Incorrect factors offset or factor Flow too or too high closed Deposition or coating, asphal- the Defective thermal insulation Boundary Incorrect of laboratory the factors. that the the offset or factor. the flow or the of the flow-through chamber. to the flow and that the type matches the to the the bypass. Clean the tines. physical to the or or the thermal insulation. the and service the as required. that as as that the as as the of the laboratory that reference match. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and recommended actions Recommended actions reading Normal reading reading too high reading too reading reading from match laboratory Motion (FVM) Two-phase Flow too high Deposition the or the the or Incorrect factors Deposition the Boundary (incorrect installation) Deposition the Clean the tines. the or Two-phase flow too high too high location creating Incorrect factors Laboratory match Increase the the flow two-phase flow. Section that or Increase back to formation. Clean the tines. the flow (bypass, chamber, the reading from the RTD (on-board the reading from the or the offset and/or the factor. Clean the tines. Increase the thermal insulation the factors. the location of the two-phase flow. Section the the the to location with bypass. the with CDM. the factors. or the offset and/or the factor. that the the
and recommended actions Table Recommended actions reading from reading slightly from from API Recommended actions reading and RTD Incorrect factors match heat with input with with input or the of the API that the factors match the the or If A004, A016, or A017 active, the actions recommended that If the within the fication the there If the the Motion. The of the Allow the to with the thermal installation, to the housing. The the RTD and the This the the the and the that the operating correctly. the of the input. that both the that the API correctly Section Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Recommended actions reading Recommended actions Significantly incorrect meas- tion reading Motion (FVM) Incorrect reference Incorrect API selection The or when the Incorrect Related information the III the If Section the If Section that the to the that reference and correctly. that the selected API the the and to the when the built, then the Motion. the If Section that the that the rectly. with offset Section
and recommended actions actions below Incorrect assigned to the output and supply below LRV LRV and URV correctly Action to or Downscale HART that the ternally. the supply and supply Section the the Action Section Motion. that the ternally. the supply and supply Section the the Action Section Motion. the the the and the the and the the of and Section the Action Section the assignments. and existing tions. the HART If the HART to the of Action to (the fixed). HART burst HART burst Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and recommended actions Table actions below or Consistently incorrect higher Recommended actions read- Motion (FVM) Incorrect or assigned to Action to or Downscale LRV and URV correctly correctly Incorrect Incorrect LRV and URV correctly too high that the below the the match the assignments. the the the Action Section the of and Section the output Section the Section that the correctly the assigned to the the of and Section that the ternally. the and supply Section the Motion. that the ternally. the supply and Section the output Motion. the that Polarity rectly.
(TPS) TPS and recommended actions Table Recommended actions TPS The TPS this supply troubleshooting and TPS to the or input the reports user-specified This allows to or to the You to distinguish and externally caused that reports unexpectedly If and the match the the of the to somewhere the and the active, the and including and inventories, flow and related to the and the operation. these effects, and to when finished testing. Related information or the that the ternally. the supply and supply Section the Motion. that the ternally. the supply and supply Section the Motion. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting III outputs using the Motion Viscosity (FVM) the to the If the the or the using III (Section the (Section the establishes the and the that the You the both and to that the that the wired to the that Procedure Follow the instructions the If using the HART the affects the reading. Disconnect the III and the terminals when reading the the to the the If than or than Motion service. the output establishes the and the that the You the both and to that the that the wired to the that
HART and Procedure Choose Service Routine Follow the instructions the The HART the affects the reading. Disconnect the the and the terminals when reading the the to the the If than or than Motion service. If establish or HART or the or HART You or of the following: The Optional: The HART Application www.hartcomm.org Procedure the HART The HART This the recommended the If the of that Action HART Action to allow the to to the the and that the correctly wired HART that the the the wires from the MAO1 and the MAO1 terminals as shown the following Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and Motion (FVM) and to terminals A. B. C. D. with the the VDC. If the than VDC, to within the directly the and to If this the service. Motion. Related information basic HART the with the If the assigned to the below the (LRV) or the (URV), the (A100 or A113), then the action. Record the of the LRV and URV. Related information (LRV) and (URV) C
Action interference (RFI) the and Action the of the the internal If the reporting below or the the active If there active the correctly. If to its the following options: the of Action the the of Severity to Restriction Severity If there active troubleshooting. Related information Action and The TPS or affected interference (RFI). of RFI include of or or that field. Several to reduce RFI or of the following as to installation. Procedure shielded the and the the shielding the If this terminate the shielding the or terminate the shielding the termination of shielding unnecessary. the RFI the If the incorrectly process, and that based rather than Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting two-phase flow the Motion (FVM) Procedure the of Related information Cutoff Two-phase flow the This of two-phase A105). If the two-phase flow two-phase the of the flashing, or the of the of Two-Phase Flow Two-Phase Flow High and Two-Phase Flow Timeout You reduce the of two-phase Two-Phase Flow to Two-Phase Flow High to higher or Two-Phase Flow Timeout to higher Related information twophase flow or of of or To know whether or the and to from of operation. and recommended actions (saturated) Table actions Two-phase two-phase flow. Section
Collect and and recommended actions (saturated) Recommended actions completely Correct that the Deposition the or of the or flashing; of two-phase or three-phase or Motion. free to Motion. Incorrect tion and recommended actions Recommended actions Two-phase flow two-phase flow. Section caught brating or to of and Collect from of operation, and this as troubleshooting. Procedure to the and of of and the necessary. Increase the or back the If located from the increase the the and The to or repositioned. Con- the that the to the characterization or that the to Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting the Collect internal Motion Viscosity (FVM) If the pickoff readings of of or To know whether pickoff the and to pickoff from of operation. and recommended actions Table Recommended actions or flashing; of two-phase or three-phase Two-phase flow two-phase flow. Section The the the the The or become Pickoff to of and Collect from of operation, and this as troubleshooting. Procedure to the and both the pickoff and the right pickoff, of of Shorts terminals or the and the the to Increase the or back the If located from the increase the the and The to or repositioned. the or that the to mechanical the
the HART and and recommended actions shorts Table Recommended action the Shorts to the housing created trapped or wires Motion. wires or Motion. or the housing Motion. The the to its You this to or Restriction The with HART It with III. Procedure Choose Service Click then Next shown the To to the or Select or seconds. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Motion (FVM)
A.1 and shipped with The the and that or the factory.
Motion (FVM) A-1: FVM FORK VISCOSITY METER SERIAL NO FVM11A729AAC3MDDEZZZ CAL DATE VISCOSITY V0 V1*(1/Q) V2*(1/Q VISCOSITY CALIBRATION COEFFICIENTS 20C Stream) ULTRA-LOW RANGE V0 -3.841737E-01 V1 9.234848E+05 -8.134813E+09 V2 DENSITY CALIBRATION COEFFICIENTS 20C Stream) K0 DENSITY, K0 K1*TP K2*TP -2.434229E+03 -5.559416E-01 CALIBRATED RANGE K1 K2 1.000483E-02 TEMPERATURE COMPENSATION DATA D( K18 -4.629396E-04 -1.113787E+00 K19 (KV4 KV5*1/Q KV6*1/Q VISCOSITY COMPENSATION DATA VISCOSITY CALIBRATION DATA DENSITY CALIBRATION DATA DENSITY VISCOSITY QUALITY FACTOR, TIME PERIOD, TP VISCOSITY CALIBRATION OVERCHECK DENSITY CALIBRATION OVERCHECK CALC DENSITY ERROR CALC VISCOSITY where (uncorrected) corrected) and corrected) TP Quality Factor (C) Reference FC V3.0.0.0 this that CALIBRATION CERTIFICATE MEDIUM RANGE LOW RANGE 1.017633E+02 2.173469E+05 4.286727E+08 -2.084569E+00 9.420348E+05 -2.513430E+08 SAMPLE MEDIUM RANGE KV4 -2.617529E+00 2.054426E+04 -3.575403E+05 KV5 KV6 KNOWN DENSITY VERIFICATION DATA VERIFICATION TIME PERIOD 20C ERROR to National of PRESSURE TEST HIGH RANGE 1.165861E+03 -3.848861E+05 2.477257E+08 HIGH RANGE -6.143491E+00 2.407786E+04 -5.740194E+05 (AIR) FINAL TEST INSPECTION Passed
the B.1 of the interface B.2 the switches and covered this of the interface the switches Access and the and The interface includes the LED, the (LCD and switches. the switches the interface to the The switches: and Select Procedure To switch, the light holding or front of the You the switch through the the housing cover. The switch lights when the that switch activated. switch and switch Table B-1: switch State of switches One switch activated. Flashing Both switches activated. the
the B.3 Access and the Motion (FVM) The to and The or another To the to the or the To the both the and the Procedure At the the and switches the You the of locations, factors. If active and to the SEE ALARM If active, OFF-LINE MAINT If CODE? appears the when choice, the that With the flashing the first the displayed, then Select this the second, third, and fourth If know the seconds. The and to the previous the and Select switches to to the to through of Select to choose the option. If flashes the the switch, then the Select switch, and then the switch The through this The Scroll-Select-Scroll to activation of the off-line It as security To and to
B.3.1 floating-point using the and the EXIT option displayed, then Select If the EXIT option and and the to the To the of the following each back to the top of the the and to displaying and as floating-point The both and floating-point The allows to of characters, including the The counted as character. to that than characters. floating-point allows to and You the to with of through characters to the right of the the the following They of or to They The count as The that the of the first the the and the active character flashing. If the displayed. If the displayed. Procedure To the Select the to active (flashing). the to the From the Select the to the rightmost to the of the active as To the of the If the Select the flashing, then the the
the Motion (FVM) If the and there the of the Select the flashing the then the appears. If the and there the of the Select the flashing the then the appears. To the the flashing. The from its Select and the of the the to the the each of to of four (four to the right of the If the the displayed. to Select the appears the right of the the the The its To the displayed to memory, and Select and the If the the as the memory, to the If the the as the memory, SAVE/ YES? flashes the Select To the without the to memory, and Select and the If the displayed the as the memory, to the If the the as the memory, SAVE/ YES? flashes the floating-point using to that than or than the the following SX.XXXEYY this
and X.XXX The The YY The Procedure Switch from to Select as the rightmost flashing. displayed. Select If the without the to memory, the when switch to the switching to the The first character or and The character and Select to the to the rightmost character the the character displayed. Select to the to the the character displayed. the The with of (that and Select to the to the rightmost the the character displayed. Select to the to the the character displayed. Select to the to the the character displayed. to the to the the character displayed. the Select to the to the the character displayed. numbers, the
the B.4 Motion (FVM) To the displayed to memory, and Select and the If the the as the memory, to the previous If the displayed the as the memory, SAVE/ YES? flashes the Select Switch back from to the flashing. Select displayed. Select B-2: Definition DENS TEMP EXT EXT DGAIN TP UCALC MAG Flow Rate MAG Flow Rate (Calculated) DYNV KINV RVISC SRVIS Secondary API RDENS (API) SG CONC RDENS
B.5 and and B-2: Definition NET Flow Rate NET Flow Rate Table B-3: %PLATO %SOL-V %SOL-W C F K R ATM Atmospheres BBL BALL BAR BAUMH heavy BAUML light BBBL/D BBBL/H hour BBBL/M BBBL/S BBL BBL/D BBL/H hour BBL/MN BBL/S BTU/D British Thermal Units BTU/H British Thermal Units hour British Thermal Units pound BTU/MN British Thermal Units the
the Motion (FVM) Table B-3: British Thermal Units foot CM CMHG0 of mercury C CMW60 of F cSt CUF/LB pound CUF/MN CUFT CUFT/D CUFT/H hour CUFT/S CUIN inches CUYD API API DAY DBRIX Brix DTWAD FT FT/S FTH2O H20 F FTW4C of C FTW60 of F G/CM3 G/H hour G/L G/MIN G/MOL G/S G/SCM HL Hectoliters HOUR HPA HZ
and B-3: IN INH2O of F INHG of mercury C INW4C of C INW60 Inches of F KG KG/D KG/H hour KG/L KG/M2 KG/M3 KG/MIN KG/S KG/SCM KPA L/H hour L/MIN L/S LB LB/CUF foot LB/CUI inch LB/D LB/GAL LB/H hour LB/MIN LB/S LT/D tons LT/H tons hour M/H hour M/S M3 M3/D M3/H hour M3/MIN M3/S the
the Motion (FVM) (continued) Table B-3: METER MHG0C of mercury C MILG/D MILL/D MIN MJ/DAY MJ/H hour MJ/MIN of F of mercury C of C MPA MW4C of C NL Normal NL/D Normal NL/H Normal hour NL/MIN Normal NL/S Normal NM3 Normal NM3/D Normal NM3/H Normal hour NM3/M Normal NM3/S Normal OHM OUNCE PA PF PPM PRF/M PRF/V
and Table B-3: PSF foot PSI inch PSI inch SCF SCFD SCFH hour SCFM SCFS SEC Seconds SGU SL SL/D SL/H hour SL/MIN SL/S SM3 SM3/D SM3/H hour SM3/M SM3/S SPECL ST/CUY Short tons ST/D Short tons ST/H Short tons hour ST/MIN Short tons tons T/D tons T/H tons hour T/MIN tons TONUK tons pounds) TONUS Short tons pounds) TORR Torr C UKGAL UKGPD UKGPH hour UKGPM the
the Motion (FVM) B-3: UKGPS UMHO Microseconds USGAL USGPD USGPH hour USGPM USGPS and Table B-4: Definition ABORT ACCPT ACK Acknowledge ACK ALL? Acknowledge ACTIV Active ADDR ALARM ALL ALT ANTHR Another AO AO SRC Source AO AO SRC Source API API (American APPLY Apply ASCII ASCII AUTO
and and (continued) Table B-4: Definition AUTOSCRL AVG BASE BDENS BRD CAL or CAL CALC CCAI Aromaticity CH CHANGE CHMBR Chamber CII CO CO2 CODE? CONC CONCENTR CONFG or CONFIG or COR flow from input COR from input CUR CURVE CUSTD Custody CUSTODY XFER Custody Measures) CV DENS DEV DGAIN DISBL Disabled DISPLAY DO DO SRC Source DRIVE DRIVE% the
the Motion (FVM) and Table B-4: Definition DSPLY DYNV ENABL ENGL English ENRGY ENTER ETO To EVNT1 Enhanced EVNT2 Enhanced EVNT3 Enhanced EVNT4 Enhanced EVNT5 Enhanced EXIT EXT or EXT or FAC Factory FACT Factor FACTORY Factory FAIL FAULT FCTOR Factor FILL FIX FREN GAS GER GOOD H2 HART HART HIDE HIGH High IO VAL K0 K0 factor K1 K1 factor K2 K2 factor
and and (continued) B-4: Definition KDV KINV LANG LANGUAGE LOADING Loading LOW LPO MAG flow from input MAG from input MAINT MAO MAO MASS MBUS MDIUM MEASR MMI Motion MTR factor MW N2 NET NET flow NO NUMBR OFF OFF-LINE OFFLN OFFSET OFFST ON On O-O-O-O HART OOR of PASS or PASSW or the
the Motion (FVM) and Table B-4: Definition POLAR Polarity POLARITY POOR PTS FCTOR Quality Factor RANG RATE Rate or Rate RD RDENS REF Reference or RESTORE RESULT RPO Right pickoff RTEMP Reference RUN RVISC SAVE SCALE SCL factor SCREEN Screen SCRLL SCROLL SECURE SEE SELECT Select SET SETPOINT SG SGU SHOW SIM SLOPE SPAN Spanish SRC Source SRVIS Secondary
and and B-4: Definition STAB START STORE SW Software SWREV Software TCASE TDIFF Tube-Case TEMP TP TP TP TPS TYPE UCALC ULTRA UNITS Units VEL Velocity VELSW Flow switch or velocity switch VERSION_STRING Revision or VISC VOL VOLTS WOBBE Wobbe XMTR YES YES? Confirm ZERO the
the Motion (FVM)
C III with the C.1 information about III and Topics covered this information about III with III III and service from Motion. It platform and to functions and The following of III or III To III, The III The III type: RS-232 to RS-485, or RS-232 to and or USB To III and the Motion. III of the instructions this that already with III or that familiarity with If information than this the III III and Service Motion III installations, the with the III Additionally, the III the Motion CD or the Motion www.micromotion.com III features and III offers and III offers of and including: The to the to the PC, and or to other The to of to the PC The to performance of the PC III with the
III with the C.2 with III C.2.1 III Motion (FVM) The to to and information than These the III They the III III with Motion of and This of these and The responding to and and complying with from III to allows to the and and troubleshooting III (Section C.2.1) with III (Section C.2.2) with III (Section C.2.3) from III to the Choose the type to and the to The the following III types: Service RTU) ASCII) selecting type, the following: Service that and that already III. Service typically field service and service only when another type the functionality the or the These should temporary and
C.2.2 with III and including service typically than HART HART III allow to than This to and You the the You the You directly to the RS-485 terminals the or to the CAUTION! If the the while the Removing the while the To to the that the III or and PC The to type (RS-485 or or USB) or USB as to Procedure the to the or USB PC. To directly to the the to the the leads from the to the RS-485 Usually, the RS-485/A and the RS-485/B. III with the
III with the to RS-485 terminals C-1: A. PC B. RS232 to RS485 C. with This shows USB supported. Motion (FVM) To the RS-485 the leads from the to the as necessary. that the PLC or DCS trying to to this this Restriction The from III and PLC or DCS. If another already with the III to its from the other host. To III temporarily or the from the host. C
C-2: A. PC B. RS232 to RS485 C. both of the D. DCS or PLC E. with This shows USB supported. RS-485 Table C-1: type Service Service RTU or ASCII The nection that ther and the and III. Choose to Physical the that type. PC The PC that this PC The PC that this The this The Optional or III with the C
III with the RS-485 C-1: type C.2.3 with III Motion (FVM) Rate to Optional The nection that and the Optional The Parity nection that and the Stop or Optional The nection that and using the Click If appears: Switch the leads and the of the that specified the PC. the the PC and the or from with the -W terminating with the both of the that there to the You directly to the terminals the to HART or to HART CAUTION! If the the while the Removing the while the To to the that the Optional or
and CAUTION! If directly to the the affected. If the directly to the III or and licensed PC The to type (RS-485 or or USB) or USB as to Procedure the to the or USB PC. To directly to the the to the the leads from the to terminals and HART polarity-sensitive. It which to which as necessary. of VDC. To this, of to the III with the
III with the to terminals C-3: C A. PC B. RS232 to C. supply D. E. with This shows USB supported. Motion (FVM) The connected of The with of and V. the following to the of and that built-in If the PLC the to this
and and C-4: To to the HART the leads from the to the that the leads the as necessary. of VDC. To this, of to the VDC III with the
III with the C-5: A. PC B. RS232 to C. of R1 and R2 as to HART D. DCS or PLC E. with F. This shows USB supported. Motion (FVM) The connected of The supply with of and V. the following to the of and To the of R1 and R2. that built-in If the PLC the to this R1 C R2
and and C-6: To HART the leads from the to the as necessary. of VDC. To this, of to the VDC III with the
III with the Motion (FVM) C-7: A. RS232 to B. C. Devices the D. III. Choose to Physical to HART You to them If using USB RTS Address/Tag to the HART the If this the first to the the If HART the HART typically the If of the The search the and of the that the PC to the PC COM that this as Option Secondary this HART such as DCS the this other the The secondary host. C
and Click If appears: the HART of the or HART that the PC. the the PC and the that the Increase or burst that the correctly. If the internally (active), the If the externally the that there with another HART If other (DCS or PLC) connected to the temporarily the DCS or PLC III with the
III with the Motion (FVM)
the with the D.1 information about the and covered this information about the with the The and that with of including Motion It to and of the instructions this that already with the and the following Turn the the with HART-compatible to the the alpha to information If to these the to the The the Motion CD or the Motion www.micromotion.com the to with the (DD) The FVM the following HART DD or To the that At the HART the of and Motion then the of the with the
the with the D.2 with the Motion (FVM) If Motion listed, or the the to the or Motion. and of the this with the that to to the the with Motion of and This of these and The to and and complying with from the to allows to the and and troubleshooting You the to the terminals the to HART or to HART CAUTION! If the the to the the This the and the If the HART security switch to ON HART to action that writing to the the or using the or II with HART the HART security switch to OFF functions The following HART (DD) the DD or Procedure To to the the Attach the leads from the to terminals and the and as required. The connected of
and HART polarity-sensitive. It which to which to terminals D-1: A. B. C. supply D. with To to the HART the leads from the to the and as necessary. The connected of to HART D-2: A. B. C. supply D. with To to the HART the leads from the to the the with the C C
the with the Motion (FVM) to D-3: A. B. Devices the C. supply the PLC) D. the PLC) E. Turn the and the displayed. If connecting the to The the HART of the The HART the HART to To to the choose HART Application and troubleshooting from the You related to the DD or active Press the buttons to the and C
and E.1 the and associated Table E-1: based and the the of the Brix that the of of with of Brix based and the the of the and covered this the and The from Motion of These included the III installation. If the or purchase from Motion. and F C F
and and associated Table E-1: HFCS HFCS (high-fructose that the of HFCS HFCS HFCS (high-fructose that the of HFCS HFCS HFCS (high-fructose that the of HFCS E.2 and Table E-2: (proof) Motion (FVM) to or of the You the factory or from (proof) (proof) Brix C C C C C tion C C C C C C C C C C
and E-2: (H SO (HNO HNO3 (KOH) High-fructose Wort (HCl) and Brix C C C C C C C C C C H2SO4 H2SO4 C C H2SO4 38C H2SO4 C C H2SO4 H2SO4 C C H2SO4 H2SO4 C C H2SO4 H2SO4 C C HNO3 C C HNO3 HNO3 C C HNO3 HNO3 C C KOH KOH C C HFCS HFCS C C HFCS HFCS C C HFCS HFCS C C C C C C and tion
and and Table E-2: E.3 and and E-3: The ratio of the of to the of The to the Motion Viscosity (FVM) C C C C Eth. C C The of from each The then or reporting. rected to The of or of the from reference tion reference flow tration
and Table E-3: Gravity) tion tion ty) sity) Gravity) and The of or of the from The of or of the from reference The of or of the from The or of of or of to the to- from reference The or of of or of to the to- from and reference flow tration flow
and Motion (FVM)
and and
Motion Inc. USA Worldwide Circle www.micromotion.com Motion Emerson WX The www.micromotion.nl Motion Emerson of Motion United Emerson Bredbury SK6 2SU U.K. Motion Emerson *MMI-20020964* MMI-20020964 AB Motion, Inc. rights The Emerson and service of Emerson Motion, ELITE, MVD and MVD Direct of of the Emerson family of other property of their respective owners.