and P/N MMI-20007739, July Motion 2400S and
Motion, Inc. rights ELITE and and MVD and MVD Direct of Motion, Inc., Motion of Motion, Inc., The Motion and Emerson and service of Emerson other property of their respective owners.
You This chapter to the of this and includes and This the to and troubleshoot the Motion 2400S (the 2400S DN If know what Section instructions the type from the the Information and of 2400S with I/O options the throughout this to and each proceeding to the information type, interface option, and options the located the The of the following 2400S*X*X****** this 2400S the family. The first (the seventh character) the I/O option: The (the ninth character) the interface option: and C with with You Interface II
You functionality The 2400S DN the following functionality: I/O information Table the information that and to the information. Table information With II With software Software to specified ODVA Not Identity Instance Attribute information. the Communication of the this the of The following used: the with The functionality. II software, and II functionality the functionality. software, and functionality the functionality. Customer-supplied the Motion 2400S Polling switches EDS Custom software II title or View/Installed Software Revision Identity Instance Attribute Identity Instance Attribute With OFF-LINE MAINT/VER Not Not
You this information using the interface Chapter information using II or and II or to information, the II or the Motion (www.micromotion.com). information customer-supplied Chapter information, the with the the to the to the shown and optional. This information topics that included the flowchart, using the troubleshooting, and to these topics as required. and You Interface II
You You Chapter and Compensation Chapter Flowmeter the (optional) Chapter Characterize the required) The to basic information about and and This information options as through this You to with or to the information. If of this and each Motion 2400S Chapter Optional flow flow severity functionality or (optional) (optional) Chapter Performance the (optional)
You Item Core software software Enhanced information. Table Topic Motion 2400S Profile shipped with the or the Motion (www.micromotion.com) Motion 2400S the shipped with the or the from the Motion (www.micromotion.com) and flow You Interface II
You Motion service service, the the U.S.A., 800-522-MASS (toll-free) and Customers the U.S.A. Motion service Motion 2400S phone other locations, the U.K., (toll-free) other locations, phone (The
Chapter This chapter the following procedures: the and Section the Section the and The the 2400S DN The If the switches the of the to these the Sections and information. the the and Sections and the The to the 2400S DN to the both and The with sealed Connector (Eurofast). To the Follow procedures to that the of and the 2400S DN with existing and that and covers and closed. and the without covers that death, injury, or property To that the housing cover and other covers connecting the to the WARNING You Interface II
the the that the the information establishing the 2400S DN and If this the or off enough to allow to reach the ready to to the the to reach thermal this or Motion 2400S the and the LED flashes and the completed its the LED Section information LED If the LED Section
Chapter the Interface This chapter the interface of the 2400S DN The following topics without or with Section Removing and the housing cover Section the and Select switches Section the Section interface without or with The user interface of the 2400S DN whether with or without If without there LCD the interface. The interface the following features and If with the with the II, or and the following The off-line to functionality; to functionality, II or used. and the user interface of the 2400S DN without and with both the housing cover and Three LED, LED, and LED switches, to the and Service other II or required. LCD which displays and to the off-line and switches LCD IrDA which wireless to the service You Interface II
the Interface interface without switches interface with Unit of switch switch If the the housing cover to user interface features and If the the housing cover of the features shown through the and the following through the with the housing cover the the LCD the Select and switches service the IrDA other of the housing cover. Motion 2400S switches LCD IrDA G/S FLOW Service LED LED Network LED Service LED LED Network LED switch Select switch
the Interface information the switches, Section the Section service Chapter the Section and the housing cover procedures, the housing cover. To the housing cover: If the or the to from the the four screws. the housing cover from the the housing cover, first grease the then the cover. the screws that the housing. the switches This section only to with The and Select switches to the To switch, the front of the switch or the switch to the There switch each switch. switch activated, the associated switch red. and the housing cover or while the To the of the to from the the housing cover. Attempting to switch the the To to the switches, the to the switches. WARNING CAUTION You Interface II
the Interface the This section only to with The to or to the or The the following English French Spanish to software and English and terms appear the of the and the D. information the Section this English as the ordinary the the LCD shows the and the Units of shows the that Section information the information the and If than to the the Units of the and the the LCD inventory the Units of the and the of the inventory MASSI or If each shown the of seconds specified Whether or the manually through the activating information the to or and inventories, Chapter Motion 2400S
the Interface The to functions and It to functions and To functions and II or customer-supplied To the the shown the Access to the or If the OFF-LINE MAINT option appear. information, Section The to the offline shown each and the seconds to the action. If switch activity the the off-line and to the To through of options, To from or to lower-level to the option, then Select If displayed: To the Select To the To without the EXIT option the and and Select seconds YES Unlock Select SEE ALARM or OFF-LINE MAINT CODE? You Interface II
the Interface of the such as the off-line protected information about and the to Section If required, the CODE? appears the top of the the of the to choose and Select to to the If the the seconds without activating of the switches. The and to the previous floating-point with the such as factors or as floating-point first the the displayed (as shown and the active flashing. To the Select to to the From the The wraps back to the rightmost to the of the active becomes becomes becomes becomes the rightmost option included to switch to To the of Select to to the that immediately of the to or the of the to of four (four to the right of the To this: Select the flashing. This the and the to the Select to to the from to the flash each the the This the and the to the Motion 2400S SX.XXXX numbers, this numbers, length: or and four.
the Interface To from to Select the rightmost flashing. to then Select The to the To the switching and notation, The to the previously While the of the and fixed. To from to Select the flashing. to Select The to the To the If the Select and the displayed. If the Select and the displayed. and Select the flashing. to the You (first only), and the first the or and the the Select SX.XXXEYY three to the right of the Select to apply the and to without applying the or You Interface II
Motion 2400S
Chapter Connecting with II or Software II Windows-based and Motion It to and of II that PC. This chapter information connecting II or to The following topics and Section upload/download Section Connecting to 2400S DN Section The instructions this that users already with II or software. information II, the II information the Instructions this to II. To II with the 2400S DN II or required. the II to PC and type, or the the II or reference To or If to the the service the or the the or reference If the IrDA required. II and upload/download function which allows to to the PC or PC. This allows: and of replication of Motion recommends that to as as the the II or and You Interface II
Connecting with II or Software Connecting to 2400S DN To to the 2400S DN II or service options The service the service or the IrDA The service the IrDA If there active the service the IrDA If there active the IrDA and the service the IrDA terminated. Additionally, the IrDA altogether. this the IrDA Section information. Service The service Both II and these when to Service Additionally, to the service when to The service within the If to the service from another that within these Table Service Option ASCII or RTU to both: Service Parity Service ASCII Section Section information the This the the service and the It the Connecting the service To to the service the service the to the or USB of PC, using the or to or USB the housing cover from the Section then the leads to the service Motion 2400S rates and
Connecting with II or Software to service II or the to the that appears, specify: Click The software to the If appears: and the housing cover the housing cover to to the service the service should temporary or troubleshooting the atmosphere, to to Service RS-485/A RS-485/B Service COM as other the leads the service and that the COM the the PC and the the RS-485 to RS-232 WARNING PC to necessary) RS-485 to RS-232 You You You You Interface Interface Interface Interface II II II II
Connecting with II or Software Connecting the IrDA The IrDA typically with To the IrDA with II, the IrDA built supported. information the IrDA with II, Motion service. To to the service the IrDA that the IrDA Section the IrDA that there the service the service the IrDA If currently connected the service to the IrDA the IrDA with the IrDA You to the housing cover. software. the to the that appears, specify: Click The software to the While connected to the IrDA both switch red, and both the and Select switches If appears: II II the following English French To the II the B-1. this English as the II Motion 2400S Service IrDA other required. that using the that the IrDA
customer-supplied to with the 2400S DN This chapter basic information using customer-supplied because there of this chapter information information the with the Connecting to the 2400S DN To to the 2400S DN this as follows: to the where the the that other establish to the 2400S DN the and the with object-instance-attribute and attributes, and services or to services to or write attributes: The Attribute service and from the The Attribute service write and writes to the this these services referenced as the and services. Other services to to or to acknowledge These services and service to to the summary of the input Table to from the or to and inventory of the and and If the switches the to the and this To this, Sections and the Optional
of the 2400S DN including input and the Motion 2400S Profile Motion (EDS) the 2400S The EDS MMI2400S-MassFlow.eds The EDS the to and other A: that the EDS to user interface the B: that the EDS, and instead the to supply the object-instance-attribute information to interact with the If to or the EDS the RSLinx). interface to and the If to function that isnt through the instructions If or to that through user interface, reference the class, instance, and the service, and supply required. the the or character or the type to the To the flow cutoff, To the flow of the following This class, instance, type, and service information and Complete of the 2400S DN the Motion 2400S Profile Motion 2400S Specify the class. Specify the Flow instance. Specify the the service to the to the cutoff. the service to the of the of the input that the
The the 2400S DN and Table To the the type Assembly type Instance ID (bytes) type Polled flow inventory flow inventory the and BOOL Polled assembly Polled assembly assembly Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: UINT Table Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: UINT and Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: UINT Service: BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL the Optional
Motion 2400S
Chapter This chapter the that usually when the first The following discussed: Characterizing the Section Section This chapter each flowcharts, the flowcharts tool, the to this optional and II this chapter that established II and the 2400S DN and that complying with information. If the interface to the II interface this chapter. this chapter that established the and the 2400S DN and that complying with Chapter information. Characterizing the Characterizing the the to the of the paired with. The characterization or factors, the to flow, and to characterize If the and together, then the already characterized. You to characterize the the and paired together the first Characterization The characterization that type: or Other to as Straight Tube and Curved Tube, respectively), as The Other includes Motion The characterization the of and the Optional
Table K1 K2 FD D1 D2 (DT) Flowcal FCF FTG FFQ DTG DFQ1 DFQ2 On shown as TC. the section Flow Flow factors to flow The flow factor, which 6-character and The flow, which 4-character (three and These the shown the the FCF other the the Flow Motion 2400S Other type Other
the flow factor: With II, the 10-character exactly as shown, including the the Flow from With the factors separately, 6-character and 4-character Include the both the Flow from to characterize To characterize the the flowcharts that the type as Table Characterizing the type Straight Flow and the factor. the flow. II Curved type? Flow type Flow Class: Information Instance: Attribute ID: type: USINT Curved Straight Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID Flow factor Attribute ID type: REAL Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID K1 Attribute ID K2 Attribute ID FD Attribute ID D1 Attribute ID D2 Attribute ID DT Attribute ID FTG Attribute ID FFQ Attribute ID DTG Attribute ID DFQ1 Attribute ID DFQ2 type: REAL Service: the Optional
the each the to the to To the flowcharts each Sections through The and assigned automatically, based the the hour) flow, the the flow and flow inventory the C-12 through C-14. using Section or using the and to the Section Motion 2400S
flow flow and II Flow Class: Instance: Attribute ID: Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: Table Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: Service: To flow Section Off-line Units (or GSV) the Optional
flow The flow of flow Unit II G/S G/MIN G/H hour KG/S KG/MIN KG/H hour KG/D T/MIN tons T/H mTon/hr tons hour T/D tons LB/S LB/MIN Pounds LB/H Pounds hour LB/D ST/MIN Short tons pounds) ST/H sTon/hr ShTon/hr Short tons pounds) hour ST/D Short tons pounds) LT/H lTon/hr LTon/h tons pounds) hour LT/D tons pounds) flow The second). of provided: Units typically Table Units typically flow listed. To the first Flow and required. Section information. Table II Unit CUFT/S ft3/sec CUF/MN CUFT/H hour Motion 2400S flow
flow II Unit CUFT/D M3/S M3/MIN M3/H hour M3/D USGPS US U.S. USGPM US U.S. USGPH US U.S. hour USGPD US U.S. MILG/D US U.S. L/S L/MIN L/H hour MILL/D UKGPS UKGPM UKGPH hour UKGPD BBL/S BBL/MN BBL/H hour BBL/D BBBL/S BBBL/MN BBBL/H hour BBBL/D Unit based U.S. Unit based U.S. II Unit NM3/S Nm3/sec Normal NM3/MN Normal NM3/H Normal hour NM3/D Normal NLPS NLPS Normal and the Optional
II Unit NLPM NLPM Normal NLPH NLPH Normal hour NLPD NLPD Normal SCFS SCFS SCFM SCFM SCFH SCFH hour SCFD SCFD SM3/S SM3/MN SM3/H hour SM3/D SLPS SLPS SLPM SLPM SLPH SLPH hour SLPD SLPD The of Unit II SGU SGU SGU corrected) G/CM3 G/L G/ML KG/L KG/M3 LB/GAL U.S. LB/CUF foot LB/CUI lbs/in3 inch ST/CUY Short ton API API Motion 2400S flow
The C of Unit II C C The You to the of the following You Section this the to match the the You the reference and to the to match the reference Section If know whether or or the to this You the The PSI of Unit II FTH2O Water F INW4C Water C C INW60 Water F INH2O Water F Water C C Water F Mercury C mercury C INHG Mercury C mercury C PSI PSI inch BAR G/SCM KG/SCM PA PA KPA and the Optional
Table Unit II MPA MPA TORR Torr 0C torr Torr C ATM ATM Atmospheres Motion 2400S
the This chapter to the operation. The following topics and procedures Recording Section Section and Section Section and the and Section II this chapter that established II and the 2400S DN and that complying with Chapter information. If using the interface to the II interface this chapter. procedures this chapter that established the and the 2400S DN and that complying with Chapter information. Recording Motion that of the below, operating This when the high or and Record the following Flow To these Section information this information troubleshooting, Section and the Optional
the include such as flow flow and You with the II, or tool. If the of the API Batch Weighted and Batch Weighted both of these, the the the of the API With the the shows the flow flow and If the to other Section The LCD reports the of the DENS the of that and the associated of G/CM3 information the and To with the If the appears the LCD If the of the The each Section This affects only the shown the and the as reported the or than displayed than 1.000E08 With II The when first to the This the and To the with II, closed the To API the API Motion 2400S Appears the or to with the of If the than the that the displayed as there fractional numbers). If the too to displayed with the the displayed reduced the shifted to the right) as that the displayed.
the To the ED displayed, the of the With There that to with You to the of from the the commonly class, instance, and type. information, the Motion 2400S Profile You the input The input Table information, the Motion 2400S Profile Attribute Class Instance ID type REAL flow REAL and REAL flow REAL REAL REAL REAL inventory UINT UINT and inventory REAL REAL inventory UINT flow UINT and inventory UINT UINT REAL REAL inventory REAL flow REAL and inventory the Optional
the Attribute Class Instance ID type API REAL Temperature-corrected Enhanced REAL reference Section Section Table Summary of input Instance ID (bytes) type BOOL REAL BOOL flow flow REAL flow flow flow Motion 2400S REAL Temperature-corrected flow REAL Temperature-corrected REAL Temperature-corrected inventory REAL Batch REAL Batch weighted REAL CTL REAL SG REAL flow REAL flow REAL inventory REAL flow REAL flow REAL flow inventory REAL flow REAL flow REAL flow inventory REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL and and
the Summary of input Instance ID (bytes) type flow inventory inventory flow flow flow inventory flow inventory BOOL flow REAL flow flow inventory flow inventory API temperature-corrected API temperature-corrected flow API temperature-corrected API temperature-corrected API temperature-corrected inventory API temperature-corrected and BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL flow, and other flow, and other flow flow the Optional
the Table Summary of input Instance ID (bytes) type API temperature-corrected API temperature-corrected flow API temperature-corrected inventory API temperature-corrected API flow Enhanced reference Enhanced flow Enhanced flow Enhanced Enhanced flow Enhanced Enhanced inventory Enhanced flow Enhanced Enhanced inventory Flow Enhanced reference Enhanced flow flow Enhanced reference Enhanced flow Motion 2400S BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL Enhanced Enhanced Enhanced Enhanced Enhanced Enhanced Enhanced
the Table Summary of input Instance ID (bytes) type flow flow Enhanced reference Enhanced flow flow Enhanced reference User-specified User-specified User-specified User-specified User-specified the the flow, flow, and respectively. Section information specifying the the The user interface three LED, LED, and LED and with the with the housing cover without the housing to the Section information: On the LED, Section On the LED, Section On the LED, Section the LED The LED whether or the and operating properly. Table the of the LED, each and correcting states. and BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL BOOL REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL Enhanced Enhanced assembly the Optional
the LED states, and LED Definition the to the action Flashing Indicates A006 Characterization Section Non-recoverable the If clear, Motion service. Flashing Recoverable Flashing the Identity the LED The of the LED and the Table the of the LED and each Table Network LED and Network LED Definition The connected to the the this LED and connected action required. Flashing connected The connected to the host. action required. The MAC IDs the MAC IDs. Other include incorrect or other Flashing timeout the or release and the from the If increase the timeout (Expected the Flashing Not the 2400S DN If the the only the and there the this the expected LED and action You the LED, II, or the chosen, information displayed. the LED The LED shows as Table that the LED or with severity to Section Motion 2400S
the Table LED LED Definition Normal operating Flashing yellow A104 or yellow severity (information) High severity to Section II II that displays: Assorted other information located the Instance This includes, other (Attribute (Attribute (Attribute and right (Attributes and the service to the C-7, or the Motion 2400S Profile information. or Each classified three severity Information, and Severity the to the reclassified, severity information severity Section information including and troubleshooting Table troubleshooting first acknowledge This inactive from the that troubleshooting active The each The first active or inactive. The acknowledged or unacknowledged. and the Optional
the the history the history includes: The The active The inactive The acknowledged the the severity of the and the actions to severity active immediately unacknowledged immediately Informational active immediately unacknowledged immediately active immediately unacknowledged immediately Section information the severity Sections and information action and timeout. the that the cleared: The first to inactive. action only). The inactive written to history and Informational only). The action to the to acknowledged. acknowledgment necessary. If the acknowledged, the acknowledged written to history. the The shows information about active or Informational based and history the To or acknowledge the the If the or to the Section and acknowledged II or acknowledgment required. Additionally, the to or the function. If the displayed and acknowledged individually. Motion 2400S history action active written to history immediately active written to history immediately action Not activated Activated timeout Not activated
the and acknowledging with the II II to information: The The The displays the of the to useful information, service, or troubleshooting, including The reads and history. The acknowledgment information, and acknowledge from the and and Select seconds Select Select Select SEE ALARM Select ACK ALL EXIT Active/ unacknowledged NO ALARM Select ACK This displayed only the ACK ALL function Section and there unacknowledged EXIT the Optional
the the three Informational, and Each If or active the red. On LED inactive and LED active. The location of the and affected severity. To the Click Click the the to The selects information from history, and of the following types: active and Information inactive unacknowledged and Information listed. You acknowledge from the the The High Priority and Priority. On LED inactive unacknowledged and LED active. The location of the and affected severity. To the Click Click the the to To acknowledge the the the command: the the of of preselected information about acknowledge and information from history. information the Table C-7, or the Motion 2400S Profile To the of of preselected or These the that displayed the II Motion 2400S If the inactive, from the If the active, from the as as the clears.
the To information about Attribute specifying the the to Attribute and the the following Other information about the the following attributes: To acknowledge Attribute specifying the the to acknowledge. Attribute specifying of To information from history: Attribute specifying the of the to The history and records records. To whether or than another record, their the following attributes: the and The of the amount of or measured the of The the as the or (including the API inventory and inventories) or automatically. when separately. This allows to the to You and inventory of the the II, or and functionality the and Acknowledged and cleared Active and acknowledged Not acknowledged, cleared Not acknowledged, and active Attribute of this become active Attribute The this Attribute The this cleared Attribute The type Attribute The that this Attribute The type of cleared the Optional
the and You the and with the II, or With the You or inventory with the the to them. Section To or inventory to and: the TOTAL the of the LCD the of to the displayed the of to whether or inventory the from the top of the switch Motion 2400S If the appears the LCD You the appears. If the appears. the of steady Inventory the of with of the following: MASSI Inventory) LVOLI Inventory) GSV Inventory) TCORI API Corrected Inventory) STDVI ED Inventory) NETVI ED Inventory) STDMI ED Inventory) TOTAL TOTAL Unit of switch
the With II To the and with II: Click Select API or ED With To the and with Section and and functionality the With the If the shown the the to and and or to the You with the and with the Select EXIT Displayed only as The or The to or or only. These only of To the the from the To the the from the Section information. The to allow and Section and and together, including API and and inventories. The to allow Section the currently shown the other and that the to displayed this and E1--SP E2--SP API ED STOP/START Select STOP/START YES? Select RESET Select RESET YES? Select the Optional
the With II The and inventory with II Table the following: II of the API and API inventory. To these, or inventories. the to from II To Table and inventory functions II Function and Starting and as To or and inventories: Click or ED the Click the or The replicated these You or and from To Click or ED the Click the To inventories: Click or ED the Click the button. Motion 2400S Click Preferences the Inventory Click Apply API Not Not inventory inventory API inventory Not Not Inventory
the To or inventory: Click or ED the Click the Inventory With three and inventory EDS If the EDS the following from the EDS interface: write or Inventory service, the Table the functions the Motion 2400S Profile information. and inventory with write To accomplish this this Stop and Instance: Attribute ID: Service: and Instance: Attribute ID: Service: Instance: Attribute ID: Service: and inventory inventory API reference API reference inventory inventory ED ED ED ED inventory ED inventory ED inventory the Optional
the Table and inventory with write To accomplish this this Instance: Attribute ID: Service: Instance: Service: inventory Instance: Service: Inventory Instance: Service: inventory Instance: Service: Inventory Instance: Service: inventory Instance: Service: Inventory API reference API Instance: Service: API reference inventory API Instance: Service: Inventory ED Enhanced Instance: Service: ED Enhanced Instance: Service: ED Enhanced Instance: Service: ED inventory Enhanced Instance: Service: Inventory ED inventory Enhanced Instance: Service: Inventory ED inventory Enhanced Instance: Service: Inventory Motion 2400S
the Table and inventory Instance ID (bytes) type Start/stop and BOOL BOOL inventory BOOL and BOOL BOOL Start/stop and inventory and BOOL BOOL BOOL the Optional
Motion 2400S
Chapter Optional This chapter that or used, Chapter Table the that this chapter. and the commonly A. II this chapter that established II and the 2400S DN and that complying with information. If using the interface to the II interface this chapter. procedures this chapter that established the and the 2400S DN and that complying with Chapter information. Topic II Section Cutoffs Flow severity and the Optional
Optional Topic II Section Enhanced These apply to with with the with switches the of the flow of (the Motion 2400S Backlight on/off Backlight input assembly ASCII IrDA action timeout
Optional type of flow flow and of flow which type of and If flow required. If the or the flow required. The to flow the II or of flow II or the only from the the type. II To flow II: Click Flow Flow to Select the to from the Flow Units The SCFM the Flow Cutoff Section The If know the of the that the field. If the the the following section. The to the of the reference the The to the of the that To the Click Flow Click the If the Choose If listed, its that the correct, and that If of these flow and the Choose button. Select the Other Property the that to its Compared to or the information. that selected the the and the and which the the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional
Optional Click Next the reference and reference If these the Reference Conditions and reference and reference Click Next The displayed. The displays and the If required, the to Section The to flow the flow flow reference of Cutoffs below which the reports of the specified Cutoffs flow, flow, flow, and and related information. Section information the interact with other Motion 2400S If the correct, The written to If the correct, and input as required. Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: BOOL (and flow (and Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: UINT Table Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: REAL Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: REAL Service: Section The only with II. If using II, supply the reference
Optional Table Cutoff Cutoff type flow Recommended of the rated flowrate flow the flow factor second, To II, B-2. C-1, C-2, C-3, and C-5. This functionality the Cutoffs and flow If using flow The to the flow Accordingly, the below its the flow to The flow to the the flow below the cutoff, and therefore the flow to the from the If neither the the to the flow the of seconds, which the to of the the process. the smooth fluctuations. high the appear to smoother the slowly. the appear to the quickly. flow, and the the specified rounded to the Motion recommends flow of the Section information the other and the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional
Optional Table Flow and To II, B-2. C-1, C-3, and C-4. This functionality the and the following: flow from and therefore, to and flow from flow from Therefore, only to flow to accordingly. the flow The flow the reports flow and flow to or subtracted from the of flow, or flow. the of the arrow the the of the arrow the flow only Bidirectional Negate/Forward Negate/Bidirectional the of flow and flow Motion 2400S
Optional of and flow Flow Increase Bidirectional Increase Increase Negate/Forward only Negative Negate/Bidirectional Decrease Negative Flow Negative Increase Negative Bidirectional Decrease Negative Increase only Increase Negate/Bidirectional Increase flowing as flow arrow to the of whether flow or flowing from flow arrow To flow II, B-2. Table C-1. This functionality the the of user-specified or below user-specified or or user-specified You to You optionally or actions that the specify that the and and the To II, B-3. tool, specifications the Instance Table C-7. The following required: Select the to (Attribute Specify the type (Attribute options Table and Flow Flow Flow Flow flow flow the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional
Optional Assign to the (Attribute Specify the the which the or switch (ON to OFF, or Assign the to action or actions To this: consistency with other Motion products, the though the 2400S DN input. High A) the assigned than the (A). A) the assigned than the (A). the assigned than or to the (A) and than or to the high (B). of the assigned than or to the (A) or than or to the high (B). the assigned to the the assigned to the Table actions II START ZERO Initiates RESET MASS the of the to RESET VOL the of the to RESET GSV the of the to API RESET TCORR the of the API temperature-corrected to ED RESET STD the of the ED to ED RESET NET the of the ED to ED RESET NET the of the ED to Motion 2400S If High or only (Attribute If or of both and and II, the the the action to then specify the the B-3. the B-6 and the ACT to C-7, Attribute to specify the action to and Attribute to specify which initiate the action.
Optional Table actions II RESET ALL the of to Start/stop START STOP If If ED INCR CURVE the active from to from to Displayed Flow Displayed Flow the the to active when the flow or than Additionally, this should stopped. and II: Specify as the Section the Flow Direction bidirectional flow. Section Select the the and Specify as the flow Section the Flow Direction bidirectional flow. Section the Instance the following attributes: (PV) Flow Rate (A) (Attribute action (Attribute (Attribute (Attribute action (Attribute assignment (Attribute the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional
Optional Checking and reporting There that II displays information the Informational of the The of each the Instance Attribute information, Table C-7, or the Motion 2400S Profile from the or only, the of from the the following or or assigned to the The type High or or as Section Then, to from the to the to the Select the Section instructions floating-point with the flow and or appear The of the reading. The flow the and to that correction. flow as follows: flow the below which of Typically, this the lowest processs flow high the which of flow Typically, this the highest processs flow the of seconds the flow the flow to to the flow Motion 2400S To the to the To the to the
Optional If the flow: flow immediately. the the the flow the measured of the flow measured the The flow to this and that include flow this If the the forces the to of the flow measured the reported as and internal that include flow to within the flow the cleared and the flow to the measured To II, the the B-2. Attributes and the Instance C-7. This functionality the The flow another seconds. the flow or lowering the high flow increase the of Conversely, lowering the flow or the high flow the of flow If flow to the flow forced to as as flow detected. severity The 2400S the following the active Writing active to history the action Section severity which the when as Table Section Table severity and reporting Severity Informational the action the timeout expired. To timeout, Section Other reporting as as the Table includes information which affected the timeout and active active written to history? action activated? action the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional
Optional reclassified. The severity A020 factors to Informational or The severity A102 Informational to or of and severity information including and troubleshooting Table To severity: II, B-3. to Table C-7 and: This functionality the Table and severity Affected II severity timeout? A001 (E)EPROM (CP) A002 RAM (CP) A003 A004 A005 A006 Not A008 A009 Initializing/Warming A010 A011 Too A012 Too High A013 Too A014 A016 RTD Out-of-Range A017 RTD Out-of-Range A020 Factors (FlowCal) A021 Incorrect (K1) A029 Communication A030 Incorrect A031 A032 A033 OK, A102 Overrange/Partially Info A104 Info A105 Flow Info A107 Occurred Info Motion 2400S the (Attribute the severity that (Attribute
Optional Table and severity Affected II severity timeout? A116 API: Info A117 API: Info A120 ED: to Curve Info A121 ED: Info A131 Verification/Outputs Info A132 Active Info A133 PIC UI EEPROM Info Can to Informational or to the If of that the functionality. The (or often the refreshed with The milliseconds the milliseconds to milliseconds seconds). To II, B-3. the B-6. Table C-9. The to of the following and English Spanish To the II, B-3. the B-6. C-9. and the and their when (shown) or and the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional
Optional Table (shown) or using the or the the and the and using the the the off-line the off-line and the the and acknowledging Acknowledge to acknowledge acknowledge once. individually. If to If the off-line To these II, B-3. the B-6. C-9. the following: If the to to the off-line the off-line as as the If to access, II or Rate to the of when Rate each Section shown the The seconds; Rate to each shown the seconds. The off-line unauthorized users from to the off-line The to four numbers. If the to the the LCD The backlight of the LCD the turned or off. To the or off, II, B-3. the B-6. C-9. Motion 2400S The through each to to the the off-line off-line without You You the off-line the
Optional II or the intensity of the backlight. You and the higher the the brighter the backlight. To the intensity of the backlight: II, B-3. C-9. the and The through to You the to displayed and the which they should appear. Additionally, each the of to the right of the to from to To or using II, B-3. To Table C-9. To to C-9 and: This functionality the shows of Notice that and information the appear the D. Table of flow to and the (Attribute to the to the (Attribute that the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional
Optional The the The following (MAC ID) input assembly ASCII IrDA action timeout The the 2400S DN The of The switches or You the from II or the To the using switches: the housing cover as Section the switches (the and switches) the interface of Section The switch, MSD the first of the and the switch, LSD (Least the each switch, the to the arrow to the to the to the housing cover. Either the or service to the Identity Instance The implemented completed. To the the switches to the to the This the switches and allows of the the MAC ID the Instance Attribute type USINT. Either the or service to the Identity Instance If the switches to or the service the (Attribute Not The implemented completed. Motion 2400S the arrow the switch to to the the arrow the switch to to the
Optional The the 2400S DN rates The using switch or If the what its should to You the from II or the To the the switch: the housing as Section the switch (the right switch) the interface of Section the the switch and the arrow to the the The arrow should to the the Switch the housing cover. Either the or service to the Identity Instance The implemented completed. To the the switch to the to the This the switch and allows of the the the Instance Attribute type USINT. If the switch the the service the (Attribute Not the or service to the Identity Instance The completed. input assembly The 2400S input and input assembly. The input assembly allows to to published to the of the input and the the input assembly, and the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional
Optional The Assembly to the input assembly. the input assembly The when to the service from that service typically troubleshooting or procedures such as II typically service and II the service rather than the Section information. The of whether or ASCII or Section as follows: ASCII ASCII To the II, B-2. the B-6. ASCII ASCII the service that ASCII or RTU. ASCII the service that ASCII. RTU accepted. Motion 2400S User-specified User-specified User-specified User-specified User-specified Class: Assembly Instance: Attribute ID: C-15 Service: Class: Assembly Instance: Attribute ID: C-15 Service: Class: Assembly Instance: Attribute ID: C-15 Service: Class: Assembly Instance: Attribute ID: C-15 Service: Class: Assembly Instance: Attribute ID: Table C-15 Service:
Optional The reason to ASCII to allow of the service To or ASCII II, B-2. the B-6. IrDA The IrDA the or If read-only or read/write access. To or the IrDA II, B-2. the B-6. C-9. To the IrDA read-only or read-write access: II, B-2. the B-6. Table C-9. action action affected Table the options action. action the action to the Section information. Table action options Definition II the than the counting. Downscale Downscale the than the counting. Flow rates to the that flow. and to counting. Not-A-Number NAN IEEE NAN. (NAN) counting. Flow to Flow to Flow rates to the that flow; other affected. counting. reported as measured. and Option the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional
Optional To action: II, B-2. C-7. This functionality the timeout the activates the action as as the detected. The timeout allows to the action specified only. the timeout normally. The timeout to the action. The active as as the severity and the active written to history immediately and Informational only). information Section information severity, Section The timeout only to Other reported immediately, of the timeout information which affected the timeout, To timeout: II, B-2. Table C-7. This functionality the Configuring The to the and the Table user-supplied Not processing, and length: characters. user-supplied Not processing, and required. length: characters. user-selected Not processing, and required. To II. B-2. If the and right the top of the to the and month, then This functionality the or Motion 2400S
Optional The to the of They processing, and required. The following once) type To II, B-2. Table C-8. This functionality the the The API the that API-related The API only the The If to API that flow specified. Section About the that flow or to factors, and comply with American (API) The Correction of of or CTL. Terms and The following and to the API American CTL Correction of of The CTL to the VCF TEC Thermal VCF Correction Factor. The correction factor to to VCF CTL CTL There CTL: based and based user-supplied reference (or thermal and and the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional
Optional API reference Reference reference CTL type, and The selected the options. Reference CTL The C or that to terminate the type of that the Motion 2400S If specify or the reference F, and If specify or the reference C. the reference as recommended locations to or C). If specify or CTL If specify or CTL with and JP4 applications. with products. C with with or known thermal with API (SG)
Optional Table these options. API reference CTL Table 5A F, to 5B F, to 5D F, to 23A F, to 23B F, to 23D F, to 53A C, to 53B C, to 53D C, to 6C F, F API 24C F, F Relative 54C C, C The API and API Table type the that reference and reference Select the that matches API reference TEC Read-only. the reference the reference Reference Read-only Table to or If Specify the reference to CTL reference C. Table to 6C, 24C, or 54C. the the API reference should the the to processing. To the Section To the II, B-3 Table C-10. This functionality the and Thermal the to CTL Read-only. the reference the reference and API Relative Reference Supports the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional
Optional the to CTL the from the or to or from To from the action required. To Section the Motion of of The such as or reference from corrected of the the Motion Enhanced Application: Theory, and The If to that specified. Section About the The which the relationship and the measured. Motion of If of these or purchase from Motion. The specified the type of that produced. allows the of of Table The as flow and other used. the the of the Table The to active that memory the Table and associated Curve based and the the of the Brix Curve that the of of with of Brix Curve based and the the of the Motion 2400S F C F
Optional Table and associated HFCS Curve HFCS (high that the of HFCS HFCS Curve HFCS (high that the of HFCS HFCS Curve HFCS (high that the of HFCS and II and reference corrected to reference SG The ratio of the of to the of The to the from reference The of or of the from reference (SG) from The of or of the from from reference The of or of the from reference and reference C C C flow the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional flow
Optional Table and II and (SG) from The of or of the from from reference The or of of or of to the from reference (SG) from The or of of or of to the from Complete instructions the the Motion Enhanced Application: Theory, and of the complexity of this Motion recommends II If to to the information, and to the Motion 2400S Profile information. information the using Motion 2400S reference flow flow flow
Optional the the to match Table the information with the to match Table the information with the the information with the Specify the active and Class: Enhanced Instance: Attribute ID: type: BOOL Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: Table Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: Service: Class: Enhanced Instance: Attribute ID: type: USINT D-17 Service: Class: Enhanced Instance: Attribute ID: type: USINT Service: the the the the Optional Optional Optional Optional
Motion 2400S
Compensation and This chapter the following Section Section or Section II this chapter that established II and the 2400S DN and that complying with Chapter information. If the interface to the II interface this chapter. this chapter that established the and the 2400S DN and that complying with information. The 2400S DN the of the flow as the flow and to from optional this There to If the operating known that the If the operating significantly, write to the assembly. Section that or that and and Performance Troubleshooting
and correction factors the flow the which the (which therefore the which there the factor). PSI the correction factors flow and These as follows: Flow factor the the factor the Not or correction factors. the correction to used, the from the then the the correction factor of To and With II, With with II Preferences Compensation Apply to match Section Section Motion 2400S Apply assembly Flow factor factor Apply Apply
Compensation and with to match Section Section with the or the The of the or the CTL The from the other that and factor factor assembly Class: Instance: Attribute ID: Table Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: REAL Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: REAL Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: REAL Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: BOOL Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: REAL Service: Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
and There to If the operating known that the If the operating significantly, write to the assembly. Section that or that and To and With II, With with II to match Section Section Motion 2400S Preferences Apply Apply assembly Apply
and with to match Section Section and The to and/or Table to the Table or Instance ID type REAL REAL REAL REAL and assembly Class: Instance: Attribute ID: Table Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: BOOL Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: REAL Service: Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Motion 2400S
Chapter Performance This chapter the following Section and factors Section Section Section Section II this chapter that established II and the 2400S DN and that complying with Chapter information. If the interface to the II interface this chapter, with the that the functionality Section this chapter that established the and the 2400S DN and that complying with information. and The 2400S the following the and of performance: establishing the performance secondary associated with flow and performance the to establishing the relationship (flow, or and the the and 2400S DN the option with the These three and Sections through of these procedures, these sections to that the and Performance Troubleshooting
Performance the of the to the measured the factory. as the or force the to and this as of performance. typically caused or Motion and factors the with to the than the the sheet its specification. If the flow, flow, or from the to the factor. factor the which the the The factors the from the and the externally. factors typically the and You to and factors to comply with The based of reference. those of reference. Three of or flow and and high) and each. the offset and/or the of the that the relationship the and the reported or to the Motion with the 2400S the factory, and normally to the field. the only to Motion Motion and factors, rather than to the or to Motion 2400S
Performance and choosing and the following factors: Motion recommends that purchase the option and frequently. Performing The It to match factory affected flow, or the To and to two-phase flow, flow. higher certainty, If the aborted. the of the and the and four to these four however, reported. the process. flow or flow down-time the of the down-time. and the with low-density and high or low-temperature and high-temperature through the and the highly of internal internal If to factor as of only the reported the You the the factor to its previous the of and accordingly the If to the or the factory or to the factors manually recorded them. Performance Troubleshooting
Performance choose to the or the measured The the of the four the of the and that this appropriately. To II, follow the the follow the of the B-8. follow the illustrated of Section II Motion 2400S Integrity Next optional Next and shows Abort Abort Next If the the of the clicking to the of the the The of the clicked. previous Graph of Next (option to or
Performance UNSTABLE FLOW Correct and Select Choose STOP MSMT/YES? and Select seconds OFF-LINE MAINT Select SENSOR VERFY OUTPUTS SENSOR EXIT Either Unstable Flow or Unstable displayed, indicating that the of the flow or the of the Select PASS ABORT CAUTION RERUN/YES? Correct Select Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Performance abort Motion 2400S (optional) (optional) Start/abort algorithm abort to Table the information each abort (optional) Within outlet Within PASS CAUTION CAUTION
Performance Table interface Interface Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: USINT measured Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: REAL to Service: Start/abort Class: Instance: Abort Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: USINT Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: USINT Service: algorithm abort Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: USINT Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: USINT Within Service: Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: USINT Within Service: abort Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: USINT Table C-7 Service: and Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Performance Uncertainty and The of the of The this This the and with II or when optional installations, it to the the the completed, the reported as Pass, the or Abort: The within the specified If and match factory the factory specifications flow and It expected that the every the The within the Motion that immediately the If the the the first If the the the the knowledge of to the type of and the action. These actions might include the from service and physically inspecting the At should Section and Section Abort occurred with the instability). and the II Section Motion 2400S
Performance Additional II to the Pass, and Abort the II the following II allows to amount of about each that audited easily. II this optional the of and II of that whether the or the The and the and otherwise. You information about to and clicking the to each Plotted II shows the This allows to whether the operating within where the within the specified (The shown as and The of these or occurring to the flow II the to history of This history displayed the The rightmost the This history which of detecting they become You the of the or the of the The shown the Click Previous to the the You the graphed double-clicking the the the of (including to clicking At the of II displays of the which includes the pass/caution/abort that found Section You the options of the or it to as HTML More information about using II to found the II and the II Historical previous or whether the which II If the from from the or from the historical Performing To the factor(s) to You of the flow, flow, and factors. and that three factors The factor affects the reported flow. The factor affects only the reported The flow factor affects the reported flow. Performance Troubleshooting
Performance the factor as follows: This mathematically to the shown below. You whichever that the factor and inclusive. If the factor these Motion service. the factor the To factors: Motion 2400S Therefore, to flow, the factor flow. factor flow and factor the The flow based and the factors applied. the and the the the the factor the following NewMeterFactor ConfiguredMeterFactor ActualFlowmeterMeasurement If the factor, that the field and the Therefore, to to and to the factor from the factor. This correction of the offset that caused this when reference reference To this the factor using the the flow factor from the factor, as shown below: MeterFactor MeterFactor MeterFactor ConfiguredMeterFactor II, B-2. the B-6. C-1, C-2, and C-3.
Performance The and the first The the reference flow factor as follows: Performing the establishes the of reference when there flow. The the factory, and should field to field to or to the factory the to the the amount of the to its reference The seconds. reference to This to the increased of flow, which incorrect to reference. applications, the the high-severity active. Correct the then the You the low-severity active. Section information and If the recovery provided: from the II B-1), and closed the or from the Once closed the or disconnected from the the factory If of these functions to the to operation while troubleshooting the of the Section and The first flow factor One the The the reference flow factor as follows: The factor The B-7 II B-1 the Instance Service information, the Motion 2400S Profile MassFlowMeterFactor MassFlowMeterFactor Performance Troubleshooting
Performance To the Apply to the Allow the to approximately the through the the reaches the operating the shutoff downstream from the that the completely with that the flow completely To the the the of the B-7. II, the following: If the with If the without the the the LED the interface flashes yellow. Motion 2400S If flowing through the the To the and that flow through the completely stopped. The If the off-line to the with the information about and the off-line Section You the with the If to the II or You the with the If to the II or The located the interface board, beneath the housing cover instructions the housing cover, Section To the that the or the the LED the interface to yellow. CAUTION
Performance Flowmeter Flowmeter and Troubleshoot and Select seconds CAL PASS CAL FAIL Troubleshoot Press ZERO LED flashes LED or OFF-LINE MAINT Select ZERO ZERO/YES? Select Select ZERO EXIT Performance Troubleshooting
Performance II Flowmeter Motion 2400S Troubleshoot LED LED LED
Performance Flowmeter Performing includes the following only: the optional D3 and D4 the of the If choose to the D3 and D4 the D1 or D2 D3 both D3 and D4 (other than and and D1 (low-density) D2 (high-density) D3 (optional) D4 (optional) Class: Instance: Attribute ID: type: UINT Units: seconds Service: Class: Instance: Service: or abort Abort Class: Instance: Attribute ID type: USINT Class: Instance: Attribute ID type: USINT Class: Instance: Attribute ID Attribute ID offset type: REAL Units: milliseconds Performance Troubleshooting
Performance The that choose without the the If II, this the to the PC. If the the known You with II or the this section. the completely with the and flow through the the lowest allowed This usually accomplished closing the downstream from the then the with the D1 and D2 D1 (low-density) and D2 (high-density) You and If the D1 and the D2 D3 the D3 the following of of the of the D3 and the of The of the D3 or than the of D4 the D4 the following of of the of the D4 and the of the D3 The of the D4 than the of the D3 of the of the D4 and the of The of the D4 greater or than the of To D1 and D2 With II, With To D3 or D3 and D4 With II, With Motion 2400S the D1 and the D2 CAUTION
Performance D1 and D2 II with D1 with D2 downstream from and D1 of D1 light light D2 of D2 light light Performance Troubleshooting
Performance D1 and D2 downstream from with D1 of D1 D1 Motion 2400S D1 Instance: Attribute ID: type: REAL Service: Instance: Service: Instance: Attribute ID: Service: D2 with D2 of D2 D2 Instance: Attribute ID: type: REAL Service: Instance: Service: Instance: Attribute ID: Service:
Performance D3 or D3 and D4 II with D3 downstream from and D3 of D3 light light D4 with D4 of D4 light light Performance Troubleshooting
Performance D3 or D3 and D4 downstream from with D3 of D3 D3 Motion 2400S D3 Instance: Attribute ID: type: REAL Service: Instance: Service: Instance: Attribute ID: Service: D4 with D4 of D4 D4 Instance: Attribute ID: type: REAL Service: Instance: Service: Instance: Attribute ID: Service:
Performance Performing offset and The completed without To II. II and with achieves thermal offset of light light with high- thermal of high- light light Performance Troubleshooting
Motion 2400S
Chapter Troubleshooting This chapter and procedures troubleshooting the The information this chapter to: the whether to the corrective the agency II this chapter that established II and the 2400S DN and that complying with Chapter information. If the interface to the II interface this chapter. this chapter that established the and the 2400S DN and that complying with Chapter information. to troubleshooting topics to Table of troubleshooting topics this chapter. Troubleshooting topics and locations Section Topic Section Section Section Checking the Section Section Checking the and and the service to with the the service to with the the atmosphere of WARNING Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Table Troubleshooting topics and locations Section Topic Section Checking grounding Section or Section Section Section Section Section Checking Section Checking flow Section Checking the Section Checking the Section Checking the characterization Section Checking the Section Checking the Section Checking Motion service To to service the Motion service information Section Motion service, the troubleshooting information and this chapter, and the with the technician. If the three the interface off. the Section that the to the If least LED of the procedures Section If the with the the Motion service If the appear to communicating, the or the the and the Chapter II and or Chapter If trying to the IrDA that the that read-write and that there active the service Section Motion 2400S
Troubleshooting If the the service or the appears to operating normally establish the and the If necessary, their using the switches the interface Sections and and the the the and as Section of traffic, too shield or shorts). Follow and correcting these Checking the that with II II or To the of II: II. Click About or required. To the of the Information (the the of the The 2400S DN with that correctly and to other the the this section to the Checking the and To the and Follow to that the of the and with existing and the from the the and Removing the housing atmospheres while the the to that the housing cover atmospheres, to from the and WARNING Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting inspect the and that both that the the crimped, and the covering intact. Retry the Checking grounding The assembly grounded. and instructions. or If or the indicating the of Section indicating If reported, the of the the Section Once the associated with the to Section corrected to the clear the following: internal allows to flow, and It located the or the or The the PLC, the grounding, or of other factors. to the which the introduced. It to or to the Motion 2400S
Troubleshooting If active, the the memory locations from the Therefore, the throughout functioning. affect: or shown the or The and inventory and including reported and inventory related II Accordingly, when these effects, and to when finished testing. and the temperature-compensated. II. To to B-3 and follow the below. flow: and To location, and the the and the to when testing The interface board includes three LED. Table information LED If the LED LED. Table information the of the LED and LED. information the of the LED. The LED the of the the and Troubleshooting should the rather than the and Specify the type of sawtooth wave), or wave. the If specified If specified sawtooth or and and the the seconds. the the Section the Section Correct the If acknowledge the using the procedures Section Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting reported the LCD that and with II or Section Table with the II and You to acknowledge the troubleshooting procedures. This inactive from the and allow to active Table and II A001 (E)EPROM (CP) A002 RAM (CP) ROM or RAM location written to A003 Continuity of LPO, or RPO, or LPO-RPO when A004 Combination of A016 and the RTD Section A017 that within of and If the Motion. Section A005 The measured the flow of the s) A006 Not Combination of A020 and the characterization. Specifically, the FCF A021 and K1 Section If the Motion. Section A008 The measured If other (typically, A003, A006, A102, or A105), those first. If the A008 with the process. the or coating Section flow. Section the Section factors Section the Section If the Motion. Section Motion 2400S to the The might service. Motion. Section to the The might service. Motion. Section flow. Section the Section the circuitry. Section If the Motion. Section If other (typically, A003, A006, A008, A102, or A105), those first. If the A005 with the and flow. Section the Section the Section the Section If the Motion. Section
Troubleshooting Table and II A009 Initializing/Warming A010 Mechanical The than s. Temperature/Density A011 Too A10 that there through the then retry. to the then retry. If the factory to the to operation. A012 Too High A10 that there flow through the then retry. to the then retry. If the factory to the to operation. A013 Too A10 or reduce of electromechanical then retry. Sources of Mechanical interference effects from machinery to the then retry. If the factory to the to operation. A014 to the The might service. Motion. Section A016 RTD A017 RTD Out-of-Range A020 Factors (FlowCal) A021 Incorrect The (K1) as straight the K1 or A029 and Allow the to seconds). The should once the ready operation. If clear, that the completely or completely empty. the Section The computed the of the RTD The computed the of the RTD The flow factor and/or K1 the to the Motion. Section If appears that there through the then retry. to the then retry. If the factory to the to operation. the RTD circuitry. Section that within of and If the Motion. Section the RTD Section that within of and the characterization. Specifically, the FCF and K1 Section If the Motion. Section the characterization. Specifically, the FCF and K1 Section If the Motion. Section the characterization. Specifically, the FCF and K1 Section the RTD Section If the Motion. Section Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting and II A030 Incorrect The software with the board type A031 The supply to Section enough A032 Verification/Outputs A033 OK, A102 The Partially its A104 Allow the to procedures, abort the the to and the A105 Flow The the A107 The action required. Occurred restarted If the severity to Section A116 API: A117 API: A120 ED: to The Curve A121 ED: Enhanced the A131 Verification/Outputs A132 Section Active A133 PIC UI EEPROM EEPROM the Motion. Section interface Motion 2400S with outputs to from LPO or RPO, that The The with to measured Motion. Section Allow the to If abort the and with to measured the or coating Section Section the Section If this the active If the severity to Section Section process. API reference and Section process. API reference and Section Section Section Allow the to If abort the and with to
Troubleshooting Checking Motion that of the below, operating This when the high or Flow Pickoff To these With II, the and the Information Both of these from the the the to them. Section C-1 through C-5 and C-7. troubleshooting, the both flow and flow should or flow and If the and Motion service Section of and and Symptom Steady flow Correct the installations) and or or the the or the factory or Section Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Table and Symptom flow or when flow Section steady or batch flow factor characterization. Section Motion 2400S flow Section and the flow Incorrect to the the Section to and of too Section Mounting mounting. to to too heavy cross-talk with too Section flow and the flow Section or and the with with another the Section Section the or the factory or Section factors characterization. Section grounding Section Section the circuitry. Section
Troubleshooting Table and Symptom reading with to of reading RTD and follow from troubleshooting indicated and Section reading slightly heat the from Unusually high reading flow and the flow Unusually reading Section Unusually high Motion. Section Unusually flow or the Section Section Unusually pickoff Several Unusually high Several Section Checking flow whenever the measured the higher or than the typically caused or process. Section of flow functionality. and factors characterization. Section the Section grounding Section flow Section cross-talk with and the Incorrect to the RTD and follow troubleshooting indicated Physical characteristics of or Section Incorrect K2 characterization. Section Incorrect K2 characterization. Section Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting If flow the flashing, or the If flow Section If increase Section Checking the or to the To these the Chapter Checking the incorrect flow the to with the process. that the flow correct. the abbreviations; Section Checking the characterization that incorrectly characterized its might Both the K1 and Flow (FCF) the If these incorrect, the correctly or If that of the characterization characterization. Section Checking the the to If the appears to operating correctly the Motion every the factory. Therefore, should the shipped from the factory. or and the Section Motion service Checking the that or caused other than You or checking the The include and right pickoff and These the operation of the Motion 2400S the or lowering the high flow increase the of Lowering the flow or the high flow the of
Troubleshooting the To the With the the as Section With II With the Table with Class Instance Attribute pickoff Right the the following to the If the or saturated, to Section If the the or right the from Table based the to Section If the the and right pickoffs the from Table based the flow troubleshooting and Motion service. Section Table pickoff ELITE CMF based flow F025, F050, F100 based F200 based flow H025, H050, H100 based H200 based flow R025, R050, or R100 based flow R200 based flow based flow CMF400 I.S. based flow If listed, Motion. Section and Click Information or the Pickoff Right and Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting with appear Saturated or from to Negative of and Table and Section or flashing Increase or back the If located from the increase the the and flow the flow Mechanical of to stress. and to If this possibility, Motion. Section Warped caused If this possibility, Motion. Incorrect type type then characterization. Section or pickoff Motion. Section board or cracked Motion. Section or pickoff caused Table pickoff and flow Section the the the free to mechanical stress. and to If this Motion. Section Warped caused If this Motion. Section Motion. Motion 2400S
Troubleshooting Checking with including and of out-of-range Testing involves: Inspecting the that the to the Measuring the of the and Ensuring that the shorted to each other or to the To the the from the this that other of the 2400S greatly and information than these tests. Follow to that the of the with existing and the from the the 2400S DN If the the and and to the four housing screws and the housing cover. the interface screws. Gently the interface from the the screws head) the the housing. the screws and the from the housing. Allow the to the the of that the and If reseat the reassemble the and and operation. Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting of and to If the the from the feedthrough the then the from the feedthrough. the Motion 2400S interface feedthrough housing Feedthrough housing) Feedthrough (mounted housing
Troubleshooting Accessing the feedthrough feedthrough (DMM), the internal each Table the and the each. to to the feedthrough each the DMM leads the and the to feedthrough to the and the to and pickoff pickoff and Right Right and and Feedthrough (assembled) Feedthrough to this There should readings. C. or shorted than from the shown The LPO and RPO readings should the or The readings should steady. the and of Motion If appears, or of Motion Section Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Flow RTD and RTD C C LLC/RTD RTD and RTD C C CMF400 I.S. RTD and F300 RTD and other RTD and LLC the and of Motion Feedthrough RTD, LLC, RTD, or pickoff Lead (LLC) CMF400 I.S., and F300. as RTD. CMF400 I.S. and F300 as the DMM, each as follows: Motion 2400S RTD pickoff the and the the and other as below: other other pickoff other pickoff pickoff other Right other Right pickoff Right other Right pickoff RTD other RTD and LLC/RTD RTD other RTD and LLC/RTD LLC/RTD other RTD and RTD Right LLC RTD Right pickoff
Troubleshooting Table and to and the housing that the housing and or the Motion. Section Internally shorted feedthrough (sealed Motion. Section from to connecting to inspect the To Motion. Section To to operation: Follow to that reconnecting the with existing and the housing and the the feedthrough: the the housing, and the screws. the interface the There four the that Tighten the interface screws. the housing cover the user interface and the screws. the the the and With the DMM to its highest there should each If there there to or Table and If the Motion Section the the the shoulder with the feedthrough notch. the the the shoulder instruction Compensation Performance Troubleshooting
Motion 2400S
and A.1 This information the Where These the the the factory. A.2 and The below the and the Table A-1 and Flow Flow factors factor and Flow corrected to of Motion of Flow factor sensors,this the FCF and FT factors concatenated. Section flow flow Recommended of the rated flowrate. flow type flow flow obtained the factor of second. factor factor Performance Troubleshooting
and Table A-1 and corrected to of flow corrected to of PSI D3 Motion 2400S D1 D2 K1 K2 FD high C factor 1.00000T0.0000 Flow factor factor D4 K3 K4 FTG FFQ DTG DFQ1 DFQ2
and Table A-1 and on/off On cations and milliseconds milliseconds offline offline acknowledge action timeout seconds ASCII IrDA IrDA write-protect Floating-point Compensation Compensation Compensation Performance Performance Performance Performance Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
Motion 2400S
Flowcharts B.1 This the following flowcharts the 2400S DN II B.2 information These flowcharts based software II slightly of these and B-1 B-2 and B-3 Top B-4 information B-5 B-6 B-7 B-8 information the and the D. Profile
Flowcharts B-1 II from to to from Preferences Inventory RTD options information about the function, the II the the Motion 2400S to Information ED Core API ED II On
Flowcharts B-2 II Flow Flow Flow Flow flow flow flow type factor factor factor Displayed Flow to Displayed Flow to this read-only, and only informational and high K1 K2 FD D1 D2 (DT) flow factor Additional options FTG FFQ DTG DFQ1 DFQ2 K3 D3 D4 K4 Flow factor factor ASCII IrDA write IrDA measured timeout Profile
Flowcharts B-3 II of options offline offline ack back light on/off intensity API Table type Units Motion 2400S options type High ED Active ED Curve Curve Curve Reference Water reference Water reference offset high high Units Severity input Start/stop API reference ED reference ED ED ED ED specified and Curve Curve isotherms Curve reference and specified Reference Used to assign to though the 2400S DN input. the only the flow Wave Wave
Flowcharts B-4 top and Select seconds SEE ALARM VER This option displayed the software the B-5 information API and CONFG ZERO and Select OFF-LINE MAINT Select VER Select info ETO info ENHANCED DENS SENSOR VERFY EXIT OFF-LINE MAINT EXIT Select SENSOR VERFY The option displayed the To (ETO) or the EXIT Profile Index
Flowcharts B-6 and Select seconds OFF-LINE MAINT Select CONFG Select UNITS Select MASS VOL DENS TEMP PRESS EXIT Either or GSV displayed, Flow Section Displayed the Displayed the Displayed only Displayed Motion 2400S ACT Select START ZERO RESET MASS RESET VOL RESET TCORR RESET STD RESET NET RESET NET RESET ALL START STOP INCR CURVE EXIT MTR DSPLY Select Select MASS TOTALS RESET TOTALS STOP VOL DENS DISPLAY OFFLN EXIT DISPLAY ALARM DISPLAY ACK AUTO SCRLL SCROLL RATE OFF-LINE PASSW CHNG PASSW DISPLAY RATE DISPLAY BKLT DISPLAY LANG EXIT IRDA EXIT Select COMM WRITE ASCII MBUS ADDR MBUS EXIT
Flowcharts B-7 and Select seconds OFF-LINE MAINT CAL ZERO ZERO/YES? CAL PASS CAL FAIL Troubleshoot and ZERO Select Select Select Select RESTORE ZERO RESTORE EXIT Select Factory RESTORE ZERO Select RESTORE ZERO/YES? Select Select Profile Index EXIT
Flowcharts B-8 Select FAULT LAST VALUE PASS ABORT CAUTION Motion 2400S and seconds OFF-LINE MAINT Select SENSOR VERFY Select OUTPUTS SENSOR EXIT Select Select UNSTABLE FLOW OFF-LINE EXIT Either Unstable Flow or displayed, indicating that the of the flow or the and the the of the STOP MSMT/YES? RERUN/YES? Select Select ABORT/YES? Select
C Profile C.1 This the commonly of the 2400S DN including class/instance/attribute information and The following and instances Instance flow) C-1 Instance flow) C-2 Instance Table C-3 Instance C-4 Instance C-5 Instance C-6 Instance C-7 Information Instance Table C-8 Instance Table C-9 API Instance C-10 Enhanced Instance C-11 The the Information and Enhanced instances only the commonly shown The following and inventory C-12 through C-14 Table C-15 Table C-16 Section of the the Motion 2400S Profile and Profile
Profile C.2 Table C-1 Instance flow) ID type Service REAL of Based Attribute BOOL type USINT type to flow REAL Inventory REAL REAL NV Flow Unit seconds to both flow and Cutoff REAL NV below which reported as factor REAL NV to the flow Flow USINT NV flow affects flow and flow USINT the USINT the inventory inventory Service Service Motion 2400S UINT NV Table UINT and inventory this based Attribute Table C-12 of of inventory REAL Bidirectional Negate/forward bidirectional
Profile Table C-2 Instance flow) ID type Service REAL of BOOL type USINT type to flow REAL Inventory REAL Cutoff REAL NV below which flow reported as factor REAL NV to the flow USINT the USINT the inventory inventory Service Service C-3 Instance ID type Service REAL of Based Attribute BOOL type USINT type to (REAL) and UINT NV UINT and inventory this based Attribute Table C-13 UINT NV Table of of inventory Based Attribute (REAL) Profile
Profile Table C-3 Instance (density) ID type Service REAL NV Unit seconds Cutoff REAL NV below which reported as factor REAL NV to the C-4 Instance ID type Service REAL Current of BOOL type USINT type to flow REAL NV Unit seconds C.3 C-5 Instance ID type Service REAL of flow REAL of inventory Reference REAL NV Reference of measured and inventory Motion 2400S UINT NV REAL of inventory UINT NV flow Table UINT and inventory this based Attribute Table C-14 Based Attribute REAL
Profile Table C-5 Instance ID type Service BOOL NV or flow inventory Service Service If and C.4 Table C-6 Instance ID type Service Flow REAL NV 6-character flow factor factor flow UINT Duration of the Unit seconds REAL NV The of the service offset REAL NV The offset of the service REAL The of the of the services K1 REAL NV Unit milliseconds K2 REAL NV Unit milliseconds FD REAL NV Flowing Unit K3 REAL NV Unit K4 REAL NV Unit milliseconds D1 REAL NV The Unit of D1 service and REAL NV below which flow reported as USINT the USINT the inventory REAL NV 4-character Profile
Profile Table C-6 Instance ID type Service D2 REAL NV The Unit of D2 service FD REAL NV The Unit of FD service D3 REAL NV The Unit of D3 service D4 REAL NV The Unit of D4 service FTG REAL NV flow TG FFQ REAL NV flow FQ DTG REAL NV TG DFQ1 REAL NV FQ DFQ2 REAL NV FQ REAL NV offset offset REAL NV REAL The from assembly instance or BOOL NV or REAL The from assembly instance or UINT NV Units Table input factor REAL NV The correction flow factor flow factor REAL NV The correction factor Flow REAL NV The flow Motion 2400S REAL NV The DT or TC factor BOOL NV or
Profile C.5 C-7 Instance ID type Service USINT NV the of the when the timeout USINT NV The amount of the (Attribute REAL NV The amount of the the and high REAL NV The of Unit flow high REAL NV The of Unit USINT The of the that There with the USINT NV The type of the selected Greater than type than (A=< <=B) of (A>= or B<= REAL NV of the selected REAL NV of the selected USINT NV The which the selected USINT the of the Inactive Active and Downscale NAN Flow to Unit seconds Unit seconds Table C-15 Profile
Profile C-7 Instance ID type Service UINT of NV (CP) RAM (CP) RTI of Other Not Not On Not Not UINT of Not Not Not Not of of CEM Not memory (CP) RAM (CP) of of Not characterized RTI Motion 2400S
Profile Table C-7 Instance ID type Service UINT of Not (A28) Not Not (A26) High flow and Profile
Profile C-7 Instance ID type Service UINT of API: of API: of RTD of RTD of Factory ED: LMV ED: factor memory RAM characterized memory (CP) memory (CP) memory (CP) UINT of sector (CP) Not Not Not Not Not Not Not D3 D4 offset FD D2 D1 Motion 2400S
Profile C-7 Instance ID type Service UINT of Not Not Not Not Not Not Not active active active active active Not Not Incorrect board type USINT Used to or severity, or to acknowledge severity USINT NV The severity of the that with the REAL The REAL The Unit REAL The of flow flow) LPO REAL The pickoff Unit RPO REAL The right pickoff Unit REAL The the Unit C REAL The Unit C of the REAL The Unit C of the and REAL The of the REAL The of the REAL The Unit C of the REAL The Unit C of the Table C-16 Info Unit C Unit C Profile
Profile Table C-7 Instance ID type Service REAL The of the Unit RTD RTD REAL The of the Unit RTD of UINT The of The amount of the the (Class Attribute RTD REAL The of the Unit RTD REAL The the to the REAL The of Unit the input terminals REAL The Unit UINT of K1/FCF Combination Warming Info =UI PROM Not Used Not Used Not Used Not Used Not Used Used Not Used Used Not Used Motion 2400S Seconds Unit
Profile C-7 Instance ID type Service UINT of Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not USINT The of the selected Attribute to acknowledge the selected Attribute count UINT The of inactive-to- active of the selected Attribute The of seconds the that the selected Attribute The of seconds cleared the that the selected Attribute cleared history USINT The the history history USINT The that to the history selected Attribute history history algorithm and USINT The that to the history selected Attribute The of the that to the history selected Attribute USINT The of the Acked /Cleared Acked/Active Not Acked/Cleared Not Acked/Active Seconds Seconds A001, A002, Cleared Seconds Profile Index
Profile Table C-7 Instance ID type Service abort algorithm abort counter of of Motion 2400S USINT The reason the aborted USINT The of the when aborted USINT The of the USINT NV The of the when the REAL NV The of the UINT NV Indicates the of the completed USINT the of USINT the of abort timeout High High High reported High High State factory factory Unitless
Profile Table C-7 Instance Attrib ID type Service stiffness, stiffness, stiffness, SD outlet stiffness, SD SD SD outlet SD stiffness, factory of outlet stiffness, factory of factory of and REAL NV The as REAL NV The as REAL NV The as REAL NV The as REAL NV The as REAL NV The as REAL NV The as REAL NV The as REAL NV The as REAL NV The outlet as REAL NV The as factory of REAL NV The outlet as factory of REAL NV The as factory of Profile Index
Profile Table C-7 Instance ID type Service factory of outlet factory of stiffness, factory of outlet stiffness, factory of factory of factory of outlet factory of Motion 2400S REAL NV The as factory of REAL NV The outlet as factory of REAL NV The as factory of REAL NV The outlet as factory of REAL NV The as factory of REAL NV The as factory of REAL NV The as factory of
Profile Table C-7 Instance ID type Service Factory flow offset flow USINT The action that action the Attribute USINT NV The that assignment assigned to the action referenced Attribute Service C.6 Information Table C-8 Information Instance ID type Service UDINT NV The of the type SHORT NV that F200, STRING the type of CMF025 type USINT NV The type of Curved Straight and REAL NV The offset flow when the factory Unit API ED ED ED Start/stop ED GSV Profile
Profile C-8 Information Instance Attrib ID type Service USINT NV The of the C-22 316L Unknown USINT NV The of the PTFE (Teflon) Unknown type USINT NV The type of ANSI the ANSI ANSI PN JIS 10K JIS 20K ANSI Union PN Unknown C.7 C-9 Instance ID type Service USINT NV The which each Unit seconds displayed BOOL NV Whether the or off On USINT NV The brightness of the (off) to USINT the associated with the the Motion 2400S Table C-15
Profile Table C-9 Instance ID type Service USINT NV the associated with the the Table C-15 BOOL NV or the to and from the BOOL NV or the to from the BOOL NV or the The Attribute offline BOOL NV or the Disabled offline BOOL NV or the ACK BOOL NV or the to acknowledge the once IrDA BOOL NV or the write write-protect the IrDA and (reading and writing allowed) only) Profile
Profile Table C-9 Instance ID type Service offline BOOL NV or the to the offline UINT NV The offline the offline UINT NV The which the Unit milliseconds updated USINT The which the Attribute USINT NV The of displayed to the right of the the selected with Attribute USINT NV English selection French IrDA USINT NV or the IrDA Not this release. C.8 API Table C-10 API Instance ID type Service corrected corrected flow corrected corrected inventory Batch weighted REAL Batch weighted Motion 2400S REAL REAL REAL REAL REAL Table C-15 Spanish
Profile Table C-10 API Instance ID type Service CTL REAL API reference REAL NV The reference to the API API thermal API CTL USINT NV The type to 5A type the API Table 5B Table 5D Table 6C 23A 23B Table 23D 24C Table 53A Table 53B 53D 54C API reference API reference inventory Service Service C.9 Enhanced Table C-11 Enhanced Instance ID type Service REAL reference REAL SG REAL flow REAL inventory REAL REAL and REAL NV The thermal to the API USINT the API reference USINT the API reference inventory REAL Profile
Profile Table C-11 Enhanced Instance ID type Service REAL inventory flow REAL flow REAL flow REAL inventory REAL REAL USINT NV reference Active USINT NV The of the that currently active Curve ASCII SHORT NV The of the active characters STRING USINT the inventory USINT the Motion 2400S BOOL NV USINT the inventory
Profile Table C-11 Enhanced Instance ID type Service USINT the inventory inventory USINT the inventory Service Service Service Service Service Service C.10 and inventory Table C-12 and inventory ton Short ton pounds) ton pounds) C-13 and inventory foot Unit based U.S Unit based U.S and USINT the inventory Profile
Profile Table C-14 and inventory Normal Normal C.11 C-15 flow inventory inventory API: Temperature-corrected API: Temperature-corrected API: Temperature-corrected API: Temperature-corrected inventory API: Batch weighted API: Batch weighted Enhanced reference Enhanced SG Enhanced Enhanced Enhanced inventory Enhanced flow Enhanced Enhanced inventory Enhanced flow Enhanced inventory Enhanced API: CTL Motion 2400S
and Abbreviations D.1 This information the and the Information this to that D.2 and Table D-1 and the and that Section information Table D-2 and the and that the off-line These that completely, or that to the that to Section Table D-1 or Definition or reference AVE_D AVE_T BRD CONC DGAIN EXT EXT GSV flow GSV flow inventory LPO_A LVOLI inventory LZERO MASSI inventory MTR NET flow Enhanced NET NETMI inventory Enhanced NETVI inventory Enhanced only PWRIN to input to the and Profile
and D-1 or Definition or reference RDENS reference only RPO Right pickoff SGU STD flow Enhanced STD flow Enhanced STDVI inventory Enhanced TCDEN Temperature-corrected only TCORI Temperature-corrected inventory TCORR Temperature-corrected only TCVOL Temperature-corrected only TUBEF WTAVE Weighted Table D-2 off-line or Definition or reference ACK ACK ALARM Acknowledge ACK ALL Acknowledge ACT Action Action assigned to the input or to AO ADDR BKLT, LIGHT CAL CH CH CHANGE PASSW the to CONFG CORE Core CUR CUSTODY XFER Custody DENS DRIVE%, DGAIN DI input Select to DISBL DO DSPLY Motion 2400S
and D-2 off-line or Definition or reference to or when the Select to ENABL EXTRN EVNT FAC Factory FCF Flow factor FLDIR Flow FLSWT, FL SW Flow switch FO FREQ GSV GSV INTRN IO Inputs/outputs IRDA LANG M_ASC ASCII M_RTU RTU MAO MASS flow MBUS MFLOW MSMT MTR factor OFF-LINE MAINT OFFLN off-line POLAR Polarity PRESS Revision SENSR SIM SPECL Source assignment TEMPR VER VERFY VFLOW flow VOL or WRPRO XMTR and Profile
Motion 2400S