EC2-352 and GB Instructions This instructions users. of to information found the The EC2-352 with and EX2. the EC2-352 and and fan(s). PT5 and suction and suction the and feed the the The superheat the of the EX2 the flow through the The and and of the and the thermostat. The fin termination. The relay outputs to the heater and Please the technical (right) input and ratings. of to the shut-off characteristics of the EX2 to of the instructions: instructions thoroughly. to comply or injury. The the knowledge and technical exceeded. from installation. within Comply with when PCN Network Technical EC2 supply 24VAC Class II 20VA including EX2 Communication TCP/IP Ethernet screw terminals operating Protection IP65 (front protection with input 24VDC, relays SPDT Inductive (AC15) 250V/2A (AC1) 250V/8A; 12A EX2 (ASC 24V only) Mounting The EC2-352 mounted with below including that mounting with of housing front and clockwise. Mounting and Turn mounting touches Then other mounting to the Tighten both secured. tighten as mounting easily. to the (below) of this the wires/cables 90C (EN EC2 and should connected to other Connecting EC2 to permanently the EC2. and from recommended Warning: II 24VAC supply (EN ground the 24VAC to EC2 and to to interference or grounding the supply. Connecting EC2 to permanently the EC2. +65C +60C 24V AC, 1A
EC2-352 and GB Instructions Recommended directly the the suction the of the as high as asymmetric to the as high as fin the asymmetric to the mounting the thermal or wraps (as as they become which and performance. It recommended to the with ARMAFLEX or The of the and as shown the PT5-07M suction the suction to Both should mounted spacers the that there around. The necessary. The protected and The should mounted the suction header of the correction using the below). and the the optional IR build-in, and easy of the when interface Alternatively, the the The protected The To the Press the PRG than seconds, flashing Press or Press SEL to The first To below. Procedure Press or to the of the that to Press SEL to the selected Press or to increase or the Press SEL to temporarily the and its the from the to To and the Press PRG to the and the To without least seconds (TIME OUT). Press ESC IR PCN or Defrost Activation: activated locally from the Press the than seconds, flashing displayed Press or displayed Press SEL to The activated. The Functions activated by: Press and together than seconds, flashing displayed. Press or the displayed If the Press SEL to displayed and the Function activated. Press or to the function. The of and below. Press SEL to the function without leaving the function Press PRG to the function and the function of the Functions the first activates the function, and the the function. The of the function only displayed exiting the function function Clear Cleaning The cleaning effectively with the option of the on/off. The cleaning should to isolate the only the to the TCP/IP the TCP/IP to This temporary. the previous to the factory The the and the of The to permanently shown the selected the of the with the selected The the It to temporarily these This when initially the without the of the Press the SEL to through The the of the and then the selected the to the selected This action when H2 of relay Ethernet activity LED active when service pressed) of relay of heater relay IR LED
EC2-352 and Coldroom GB Instructions DISPLAY PARAMETERS Unit Custom to Thermostat with /C Air-in C Air-out C C Defrost termination C C from the C K off, Unit C, F termination /C F ALARM PARAMETERS A0 Mean factor A1 A2 High A3 AH High AL C AL AH C At type C; relative to THERMOSTAT PARAMETERS C C off, Thermostat off, thermostat function, cooling off, cooling, cooling, thermostat heating, SNMP. and off. C Mean factor, Mean factor, operation C DEFROST PARAMETERS Defrost heater activated forced heater activated, forced heater activated, termination using SNMP Termination by: termination termination termination termination first, what first or and Defrost termination Dedicated Air-out termination PCN Unit Custom off, heaters switched off termination or whatever selected and heaters switched off and switched Defrost while closed Injection while off, together with C Defrost termination C Defrost FAN PARAMETERS F1 by: first, whatever first or and F2 cooling off; F4; off, when F3 off F4 Stop F5 cleaning off, On C C COMPRESSOR PARAMETERS C0 first C1 C2 C3 SUPERHEAT PARAMETERS R22 R507 R404A R407C R410A R124 R744 Correction MOP MOP off, MOP MOP C Superheat off Superheat Superheat Superheat ANALOG SENSOR PARAMETERS P1 type selection PT5-07M; PT5-18M; PT5-30M OTHER PARAMETERS H2 to only the TCP/IP Ethernet IR and IR Temporary and and IR Temporary with SEL and H3 IR H5
EC2-352 and GB Instructions Mean Factors A0, the following Mean Factor Mean Factor Mean factor Mean factor Mean factor Air-in and Air-out E0 E1 E2 Air-in This inhibited (A0, and E3 Air-out This inhibited (A0, and and fin E4 This inhibited fin Explanations E0 E4 connected, or the and/or the or short-circuited. of to the of AH High AL AE Thermostat cooling AF closed to active Superheat, flow flow than Forced termination or Forced or to The and when to the to activated The when the factory initialized. The flashing Id when the received. The flashing Id shown the the service pressed, or or received. This function action only when SNMP OF offline The offline and This the of command and installation. Defrost Defrost Defrost Defrost injection Defrost Cleaning CL cleared The and and therefore to username or username and the to of the other The factory Username: EmersonID The the Press the the top of the with of the to the respective The text together with the as the below. the the of to the memory of the and to another This amount of when and of created containing the applications. It to graphical from the containing the the memory to FTP to the The spreadsheet such as to the TCP/IP Controller-Readme of the features the TCP/IP of Emerson Co OHG to stated Products, specifications and this to without The information based technical and which EMERSON to and which with technical knowledge of It only the technical knowledge and their and of of obtained or occurred to This Emerson Co OHG D-71332 www.emersonclimate.eu PCN TCP/IP Controller-Readme the www.emersonclimate.eu to information about TCP/IP Ethernet connectivity. Please to this information the of this instruction The EC2-352 TCP/IP Ethernet interface the to directly connected to PC or the Ethernet The EC2-352 to the to easily the using text software or required. the EC2-352 the optional ECX-N60 assembly to or that the to TCP/IP If DHCP the connected to directly the Ethernet this the TCP/IP of the manually to with the of the to the TCP/IP Controller-Readme the the and the TCP/IP of the the of the or the from the DHCP to the TCP/IP required. the should displayed. If the the or active the should the Option to the TCP/IP