and instructions Compact
service Location Telephone North America Customer Service USA free) of Scotland, UK) East Africa UAE) Authorization (RMA) Authorization (RMA) obtained to reason. Download the RMA from the Services selecting the below. www2.emersonprocess.com/EN-US/BRANDS/DANIEL/SUPPORT-SERVICES/Pages/Support-Services.aspx? Customer Service: Customer Support:
and to the following and This It to to physical that follow this to or death. which, death or serious Warning which, death or serious which, or which, or the to and information or efficiency or by-the-way to the flow of information.
instructions and Inc. and products to function within these products sophisticated technical it that the and operation strictly both to the information the and to instructions this to installation, operation, and to this and BE SURE ALL PERSONNEL READ AND FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS IN THIS MANUAL AND ALL NOTICES AND PRODUCT WARNINGS. operating or improperly to serious or death from or to To reduce this Comply with information the this and and that apply to the allow to with this and procedures specified this Product owners (Purchasers): the the and technical or specifications If with Inform and the installation, operation, and of this To and performance, and trained should and this that this the instruction If this the You the from: this instruction reference. If or this responsibility to this instruction with the to the or ALWAYS READ AND FOLLOW THE INSTALLATION, OPERATIONS, MAINTENANCE AND TROUBLESHOOTING MANUALS AND ALL PRODUCT WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS. this other than its service. This property and/or serious or death.
Product To follow instructions of this to and of the Follow and and with, this that this the instruction If this the You the from: and instructions and operating procedures this If instruction, or following the instructions, or this as specified the INSTALLATION section of this and Follow instructions the installation, operation, and of this the to the and when and where that to and to and operation. specified Unauthorized and this performance, and the warranty. fire, release of toxic or operation. this instruction reference.
Notice THE CONTENTS OF THIS PUBLICATION ARE PRESENTED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY, AND WHILE EVERY EFFORT HAS BEEN MADE TO ENSURE THEIR ACCURACY, THEY ARE NOT TO BE CONSTRUED AS WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES DESCRIBED HEREIN OR THEIR USE OR APPLICABILITY. ALL SALES ARE GOVERNED BY DANIEL'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS, WHICH ARE AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR IMPROVE THE DESIGNS OR SPECIFICATIONS OF SUCH PRODUCTS AT ANY TIME. DANIEL DOES NOT ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SELECTION, USE OR MAINTENANCE OF ANY PRODUCT. RESPONSIBILITY FOR PROPER SELECTION, USE AND MAINTENANCE OF ANY DANIEL PRODUCT REMAINS SOLELY WITH THE PURCHASER AND END-USER. TO THE BEST OF DANIEL'S KNOWLEDGE THE INFORMATION HEREIN IS COMPLETE AND ACCURATE. DANIEL MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO THIS MANUAL AND, IN NO EVENT, SHALL DANIEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PRODUCTION, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE OR USE AND COSTS INCURRED INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR CAPITAL, FUEL AND POWER, AND CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES. PRODUCT NAMES USED HEREIN ARE FOR MANUFACTURER OR SUPPLIER IDENTIFICATION ONLY AND MAY BE TRADEMARKS/REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF THESE COMPANIES.
Warranty and LIMITED WARRANTY: to the Section Inc. warrants that the firmware the the instructions and that the free from or workmanship and and Services trained using and instrumentation the Service The apply the of the warranty warranted months from the of or months from the of whichever first. and Services warranted of from the of or of the Services. Products purchased from third to Products") the warranty the that Products reasonable to and of the Products. If warranty and thereof writing the warranty its option, that found the firmware or Services or or F.O.B. of that of the or found to or the purchase of the of the Goods/Services. or repairs wear and or of unauthorized or or other the of covered this warranty, and to or charges incurred or other as writing of and freight and the and of and and this warranty borne writing repaired and the warranty warranty the of the warranty or whichever This warranty the only warranty and writing THE WARRANTIES AND REMEDIES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE. THERE ARE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY OTHER MATTER WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE GOODS OR SERVICES. acknowledges and that or of covered this warranty. LIMITATION OF REMEDY AND LIABILITY: DANIEL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES CAUSED BY DELAY IN PERFORMANCE. THE REMEDIES OF BUYER SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXCLUSIVE. IN NO EVENT, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, INFRINGEMENT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OTHER TORT OR OTHERWISE), SHALL DANIEL'S LIABILITY TO BUYER AND/OR ITS CUSTOMERS EXCEED THE PRICE TO BUYER OF THE SPECIFIC GOODS MANUFACTURED OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY DANIEL GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION. BUYER AGREES THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL DANIEL'S LIABILITY TO BUYER AND/OR ITS CUSTOMERS EXTEND TO INCLUDE INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. THE TERM "CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES" SHALL INCLUDE, BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO, LOSS OF ANTICIPATED PROFITS, REVENUE OR USE AND COSTS INCURRED INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR CAPITAL, FUEL AND POWER, AND CLAIMS OF BUYER'S CUSTOMERS.
and instructions Table of Section Introduction Section and Section Section Table of service and instructions Notice Warranty and Mechanical Technical Supplying to the of the operating or 24V DC Interface Board....................................................................... Charging the theory instructions Water (Reference and and and Flow Seal and
Table of and instructions Section Troubleshooting Section and Section of Detector Switch Interface The
and instructions of of Table Table R Table Table Table Table Table Parts of
of and instructions of
and instructions of of Compact Compact (Continued)........................................................... Typical 12V interface board 12/24V interface board.................................................................................... Typical Initial motion of to Compact assembly typical NEC proof)........... Compact assembly Typical Water Typical Typical assembly shown) installation........................................................................................... assembly and and built to assembly (built and assembly................................................................................. Typical assembly Detector switch Detector switch Detector switch of
of and instructions phase (three phase (ATEX (ATEX DC AC (flow (Flow (Mechanical of
and instructions Section Introduction Section Introduction This to information and to the operation and of the Compact The of this to the characteristics of the Compact necessity, this written It include information to specially items or and Instructions as necessary. The Compact The the of operating that of Chronometry The operating and to the section of this information. The Compact and flow performance testing, or of flow and counting, which high with and than of its reduced and which includes internal the Compact easily and operated with to flow. The incorporates constructed to The Interface board which the the The operating which typically located these and from the This to the flow typical should the following The seconds, the of the to The seconds, to flow The of whole the the Typical the operating Flowmeter pulses/second, Flow Units of or hour (Can or K-Factor: of
Section Introduction and instructions Mechanical Mechanical Factor: Correction factor The basic outline of the and its shown The consists of free flowing and mounted within The incorporated within the and connected to the of the with the operates the within the The the the allowing the to through Once the the the to the while holding the Normal of the through the to the of the the flow These which operation and to Section operation instructions. Flow The flow with machined, chrome-plated bore. It the and The and outlet the ANSI Reference Section Technical The the to as the the and the It the forces to and the and to the through Connected to the the which connected to the the assembly: This intrinsically within thousandths of inch or There three (switches) used: the and the of flowing through the These switches LED and phototransistor of the The when through the and the light from the phototransistor. The attached to
and instructions Section Introduction Mechanical the of the The of the through the switches the of the information the Assembly, Section This normally closed the operation of the The to and to the to the There of used. and (NEC or ATEX The It the to the and the Once the reached the the flow The charge of the the to the friction and the of the charge to the force the within the acting the and the properly this charge allows (usually inches of the
Section Introduction and instructions Mechanical Compact Typical and NEC Typical and ATEX
and instructions Section Introduction Mechanical Compact (Continued) Typical NEC Typical ATEX
Section Introduction and instructions Technical Technical Follow the and Technical of this It the owners and/or purchasers to comply with these PERSONAL PROTECTION HAZARD Follow the indicated below. to or of with and to ANSI 100.F (38.C) to ANSI 100.F (38.C) to ANSI 100.F (38.C) and ANSI 100.F (38.C) to ANSI B16.5 based flow to to 200.F to 93.C) 200.F (93.C) 200.F (93.C) 200.F (93.C) 120.F (49.C)
and instructions Section Introduction Technical and to 120.F to 49.C) -4.F to 104.F (-20.C to 40.C) factory other and flow to 200.F (93.C) to and 100.F (38.C) and Performance: Repeatability or and specifications: Flow Ratio (Upstream/Downstream Table with type MIL-H-5606 or Table L) L) L) L) L) L) L) HF Aeroshell
Section Introduction and instructions Technical Pre Notes: and the outlet to centistokes. Considerations type and should Compact performance the of the from the Flowtube I.D (L H) Wall thickness
and instructions Section Introduction and Technical information and reference API Chapter please the factory. obtained from the AC and phase
Section Introduction and instructions Technical AC and phase Notes: the factory optional listed. The operating connected to from that of the to caused charge and Grounding within connected to the location grounding or grounding as option. that with of the should based the Follow Reference Table charging the to Approximately only: inches of thru Association (CSA) Class LR Class in-rush
and instructions Section Introduction Technical Locations PED and British ATEX through DEMKO ATEX (Option only) IIB T4
Section Introduction and instructions Technical
and instructions Section and 21TOP Section and The permanently or as The ground and should operated to the formation of within the flow permanently should with to the of and operation. further information optional installation, to the and required. The built should without modifications. to typical, of and recommended the to that through the to follow API ANSI and locating from the and of and rating and outlet Reference information. Consideration of workspace around the operation and this to the of ASME B16.5 and to the of ASME B16.5 Table 1B. to the of ASME B16.20. It the customer's responsibility to that or other connected to the the The of the the of traffic, or earthquake It the responsibility to fire and The with of inch) allowance. The should inspection and to that of the or this amount.
Section and and instructions It the customer's responsibility to this that protection. EXPLOSION HAZARD the of as the nameplates. to rating serious and should flushed thoroughly to of such as bead, the service. strainer of should of the to from the introduction of
and instructions Section and Supplying to the Typical Reference Table and information. Optional and information with the schematic) shipped with If this information included with the shipped with to supply. If the existing Access to
Section and and instructions of the operating of the operating the switch this to follow the of installation. shipped with to the operating If the existing Access to the interface this to follow the of installation. The to This includes and The each used. and instructions with the of choice with Reference Section troubleshooting information. If further these The operating to properly the and of Chronometry This the to high which counts of second. This counters, to as A and B. A" counting when the the first switch. B counting with the leading of the first started. A when the the switch. B with the leading of the first A stopped, (Reference the ratio of Counter A and Counter B allow counting of to within as shown below: K= K-Factor, or counts from the whole C of whole Displaced Qualified who knowledgeable of the operating and should the of the operating
and instructions Section and of the operating
Section and and instructions or 24V DC Interface or 24V DC Interface There of interface boards: 12V DC and 12/24V DC. and The the interface board through the The DC typically located the or from the operating the with the of the The 12V interface board to 12V DC The 12/24V interface board or 24V DC the of J6, 12V operating J6 to and 24V operation, J6 to and If operating incorrectly, there board protection. the that the the of J6 and the with ONLY. The 12/24V interface It to the 12V interface board which interface with or the 12V with the 12/24V board. service SE101 information. electronic-sensitive without ESD grounding wrist-strap. to grounding to the and them inoperable.
and instructions Section and or 24V DC Interface 12V interface board J1: To assembly used) J2: To J3: To J4: To J5: of S1 and S2 S1: S2: Downstream
Section and and instructions or 24V DC Interface 12/24V interface J1: To assembly used) J2: To J3: To J4: To J5: of S1 and S2 J6: 12V 24V S1: S2: Downstream
and instructions Section and Charging the Charging the The operation. The shipped from the factory with NOT with the and to locally of the Section option, the with The consists of charge and and typical shown shown operating with the input and outputs, to the Section troubleshooting these
Section and and instructions Charging the Typical
and instructions Section and The the factory the API The to and the reference as stated the with each The operating to with these or downstream the and location of the The Section the factory recommended of the of the It recommended that this repeated to operation. of should years. following or service or of the or flow following of the the information related to of the assembly, Section should to once completed as Section The of slightly than the downstream to the and which both located the of the If the located or the of the then the used. If the located downstream, or the outlet of the then the downstream used.
Section and and instructions The to the of the The assembly as shown 1A and 1B of the of the assembly. security to of the cover of the assembly which the The of this to of this cover which the switches to which the of the The following the of this Location of assembly with and
and instructions Section and Once the securely 2A); the through the the as shown 2B. the around the plate 1B). the of the through the and the the the pulled of the 3A). the of closing the the around the wire. The should appear to 1B.
Section and and instructions
and instructions Section Section theory theory The of the as follows: The normally the with the and the the The and releases the from the the of the the and the downstream the flow the downstream, the switches tripped the connected to the These switch instantly to the operating Section the the switch, the builds and to the the then allowed to through the The and then back to the Once the reached the to the The ready to another incorporated the operation. This of the flow stream. Reference
Section and instructions theory Initial motion
and instructions Section theory of
Section and instructions instructions instructions to The should connected to the to or downstream of the should and the operating should to the The operating should the If these DO NOT to the to Section and and to that they closed. and located the top and of the flow Reference the shut-off The with operation. the the There factory-installed mounted to the reference The the following where known each below.
and instructions Section Operation instructions R shipped
Section Operation and instructions instructions EXPLOSION HAZARD the of the supply to the allowable and exceeding the of the to the of the serious If the than the the from the If the than the the supply bottle to furnish the the supply bottle to instructions and the to the Notes: should within to of the If installation the of with the should the The operating should this Section and Section troubleshooting. with factory R With the to that the to capacity. If to using specified Section Turn the The should to once the reaches the (stand-by) position.This the typically located the the to allow the to the
and instructions Section instructions from the using the hand located the and outlet of the the and and the outlet The ready to the the from the to the operating operations. Once the operating the Reference the operating instruction operation. completed and satisfactory, the back to the as and Once this the
Section and instructions instructions If the flow to through the to the The by-pass and the The the and and the to the the flow the and located the top and of the and of should
and instructions Section Section Seal Seal MAINTENANCE HAZARD that closed and protective covers when to factory of Detector Section Reference and
Section and instructions It ESSENTIAL that the and the as thermal or incorrect The shown to with the Assembly securely anchored The mounting boss the outboard of the cover approximately from the necessary. The Compact as follows: the OUTLET using and off) or the and the with and ALL AIR from the operating the located the and This the within the flow that the and the free from and necessary. the the applied. Section the to the of required. the screw from the boss the of the cover. Thread the the boss. Mount the the the screw from the of the
and instructions Section the the of the The activating the The sections to that reach the of the assembly. This allows the flow The first to the with the thread. this through the the and thread the of the sections as to reach to the the switches. The downstream releasing the outlet allow to completely the while the Allowing the to completely the to the the the This that the acting the the the the screw the with the of the the screw slightly to the and then the to the the and than inches that the Inspect the and to Section Troubleshooting instructions necessary. Once testing and satisfactory, the to the and of the and the of the from the and the screws the and mounting boss. Compact with of and operating typical. should three years. The this to the user creating effective The and downstream known with of U.S.
Section and instructions to of or These of typical and necessary. The the physical location of the or downstream of the If to completed the and both. The of the the factory that to the National of and (NIST). Additional information about found the American (API) of Chapter Provers, Measures, and Chapter of The following the the There three procedures explained; only, Downstream only, and the Combined The should to the as Section attempted, the should and isolated from connecting other than those related to the choosing the location of the the considered. as as throughout the operation. Required: Water with and to of factory Section as shown and threaded to the The free. Certified High Measure to the National of and (N.I.S.T.) or other certifying agency. with flow of to non-fluctuating and from One thermometer with Three thermometers with and of to 124.F to 50C), to the National of and (N.I.S.T.) or other certifying agency, as One thermometer mounted thief One
and instructions Section recording to to Section of Notes: recommended. Factory with thermometers. recommended. included factory
Section and instructions Compact assembly typical NEC proof)
and instructions Section Compact assembly Typical
Section and instructions Water (Reference and Water (Reference and Water the from using and or that the and from the of the to operation. It recommended that thread should to or than the of the and (V1, V2, D1, D2) that the factory built NEC type from the to the or VAC as The to J-3 the Interface Access to the of the interface necessary. shows the location of the interface board the NEC-type and the locations J-3 the interface boards. factory built ATEX type with the the to the the The and as option the NEC factory built information.
and instructions Section Water (Reference and or VDC) to the interface J-2, and Reference Section to the interface board. Reference and the location of J-2. and the cover the switch assembly. to the switches or of cover the process. the connected to the AC Reference the the to required. the this to that the to its reference Section the off and the to approximately The and with and to ALL V1, V2, D1, D2, W1 and W3. the flow of the the with through W1. the The to the downstream Once appears W1, the closing V2 and D1. V1, D2, W1 and W3 the The to the appears W1, the downstream D1 and V2, and then closing V1 and D2. the reaches the downstream this should repeated ALL from the Once the the downstream flow (first V2 and D1, then V1 and D2). W3 to allow the to the throttle W3 to allow to the that the to the the or the Allow to the and within 1/2.F (1/4.C) of each other.
Section and instructions Water (Reference and this the and the The the the to Downstream or Combined Turn the the UPSTREAM/DOWNSTREAM switch (S2) the interface to the downstream the RUN/RETURN switch (S1) to the This the and the Reference and Once the reaches the the RUN/RETURN switch (S1) to the This release the and the downstream. This the (SV) the (If this repeated from W1 the nears the first switch (within to W1 while throttling W3 back to the or the the assembly cover immediately. The turned off Water flow the through the (SV). the the first switch, the (SV) and flow At this W3 to the and specified W3. and the P1. the RUN/RETURN switch (S1) to the This the (SV) the and to the W1, to increase Record T1 and T2 flowing W1 closed reaches the switch. This to the tone of the splashing the the to the top of the the tone increase. At this immediately W1. the the switch, SV and the The the downstream
and instructions Section Water (Reference and assembly cover back to the switch and the of the and the Td the thermometer and the assembly cover. Record the shown the section of the This from the of the the Record the of the the the W3 momentarily, allowing about of to and the of the with the thief. W1 momentarily to the from the This allow the to downstream the switch. the and Combined W1 closed and the (V1 and D2 V2 and D1 closed). Proceed to the Downstream to and the as Downstream as the assembly and the UPSTREAM/DOWNSTREAM switch (S2) the interface board to the the RUN/RETURN switch (S1) to the This the (SV) and the to Throttle W3,
Section and instructions Water (Reference and necessary, to the the the the the switch, the (SV) and the W3 to the and specified W3. and the (flow P1. the RUN/RETURN switch (S1) to the This the (SV) the and to the W1, to increase Record T1 and T2 flowing W1 closed the reaches the first switch. This to the tone of the splashing the the to the top of the the tone increase. At this immediately W1. the the first switch, SV and the The the assembly cover back to the switch and the of the and the Td using the thermometer and the assembly cover. Record the reading shown the section of the This from the of the the Record the of the the the W3 momentarily, allowing about of to and the of the with the thief. W1 to the from the This allow the to the first switch. the The to the downstream D2, and V2 and D1. This allow the to downstream. the the reaches the downstream and the cover. Proceed from as as the Combined the downstream flow (V2 and D1 V1 and D2 closed) and to the UPSTREAM/DOWNSTREAM switch (S2) the interface to the the RUN/RETURN switch (S1) to the This the (SV) and the to Throttle W3, necessary, to the
and instructions Section Water (Reference and the the the the first switch, the (SV) W3 to the and specified W3. At this actuating the RUN/RETURN switch (S1) the The repeated from as Combined as Notes procedures: Once the should to without or One of the with the reduced to This accomplished throttling W1. This typically the and Upstream/Downstream switches S1 and S2 (respectively) the Interface ATEX and NEC with the optional these switches to the front of the or interface (as the front of the the switch The cover should each to permanently each the cover completely the assembly to light that switch operation. Once the completed, the cover and follow the Section
Section and instructions Water (Reference and Typical
and instructions Section and Sheet and Typical assembly shown) The following the Sheet to the of the (corrected) to reference of typical shown Record the following each as below: Water (T1): The of the as the Water (T2): The of the as the The of T1 and T2. The of the the This measured with the thief the Mounting (Td): This the of the the switches. The the option, used. Water (P): The recorded from the of the
Section and instructions Measure recorded from the section of the This or reading from the The following the of the Compact reference The corrected reference The stated of the or the reading recorded the sheet from the correction factor the and the as found American (API) Chapter Water of Provers. Css: This the correction factor the of the the (or and the The correction factor the following Where: the of the recorded from the the thief. the reference the of of the used: or C.The of the this that the of the This the of T1 and T2. the of the flow This the of the
and instructions Section Td the Mounting recorded from the the of the This based the and or C. This the reduction factor This factor the following Where the recorded P1 the or Where the recorded P1 the This the correction factor the of the flow to This factor the following Where: the recorded P1 the the of the the of the of the If measured this and If F C
Section and instructions and Flow Seal measured the of and the thickness of the flow to of the thickness as the of the flow each of collected each of the The downstream the of the corrected of the downstream of the The repeatability of the downstream corrected within.02%, below. the downstream the operating the located downstream of the The the of the corrected of the of the The repeatability of the corrected within below. the the operating the located of the Should the within the Compact to replaced, the procedures this section the through process. attempting or the following Disconnect to the operating and the This of the and Disconnect, or the from the and flow). from the flow the and located the top and of the each of the flow of To the inspection the as Section If from of the the flow and the the of inspection There and flow Procedure necessary tear-down of the Procedure necessary only the and flow of Procedure A: and Flow Reference Section
and instructions Section and Flow the and following the instructions. Section and Section respectively. of than the the and the from the threaded mounting boss. the to and the that when the that the below the flow without allowing to when the outlet necessary. the the assembly. the the protecting the to the to the of the flow DO NOT PUSH THE MEASUREMENT PISTON OUT OF THE FLOW TUBE. least the of the to the of the as from the This the from the flow the such as to the weight from resting the the front of the Press the and it or the from the the of the this ease of the the and and the flow bore scoring, or other of wear or the factory concerning the from the the the These the flow slightly off the from with the this operation. the and outlet and inspect Procedure A: and Flow Assembly the following where of recommended, should noted that amounts of should as the of affected. If the to replaced, the its (white lithium grease) to the its the of the necessary.
Section and instructions and Flow the of disassembly) through the and flow the and the the It recommended that the the to twisting or stretching. when the the as the stretch and seat correctly. The of smooth the the the of the inches to to the
and instructions Section and Flow If the from the this the NOTE: high the screw the with light and them the The of the facing from each other when correctly. Once the around the the the heard once the the to that the properly seated. of the the that there the of each the from the and them the of the The Compact thick and thin The thick fits the of the The thin fits the downstream of the the other the of the flow with light the with the flow and the the to the threaded mounting boss the and as necessary. the the the first about to the the first the with the the of the the with light
Section and instructions and Flow the the flow to the the with light If the correctly, the should the flow when the Press the the flow the about to the the the with the the of the the with light Press the the flow the and to the downstream the downstream with light Gently the the downstream the flashlight, through the the where the through. the of the threaded mounting boss the The boss with this the of the the to the boss. the from the the from the of the the approximately the the of the mounting boss the with the the the If realignment necessary, the to the the enough to the the the when slightly the the This the the and the It necessary to this to the threaded mounting boss correctly. the the threaded mounting boss and hand. At this recommended to the the This the the of the assembly Section assembly and installation. the the of the outlet using to the outlet with and it the of the flow four through the that from each other. the to the four and them to the flow and the the to the the and they should to the the and the flow the and Tighten enough to the and together. the of the outlet with the and the the outlet Rotation of the outlet the the to the specified Table the the criss-cross
and instructions Section and Flow Follow the assembly procedures of the and assembly. Section Section and Section It recommended that the to that the correctly. Section recommended following the re-assembly of the Compact Table Procedure B: and Flow the the the outlet to and the that when the that the below the flow without allowing to when the outlet necessary.
Section and instructions and Flow the the outlet assembly. the outlet and then the the flow to the to to the and the flow the flow off the the such as to the from resting the of the or the Press the and using or the from the the of the this ease of the the and and the bore scoring, or other of wear or the factory concerning Procedure B: and Flow Assembly the following where of recommended, should noted that amounts of should as the of affected. the and the the It recommended that the the to twisting or stretching. when the the as the stretch and seat correctly. The of smooth the the the of the inches installation. to to the If the from the this Table the with light and them the The of the facing from each other when correctly. Each Once the around the the the heard once the the to that the properly seated.
and instructions Section and Flow of the the that there the of each the from the and them The thick and thin The thick fits the of the The thin fits the downstream of the the other the of the flow with light the flow with the the flow the the first the to the from backwards this process. the first the with the the of the the with light the flow to the The should the without the the with the the of the the with light Press the flow the the the flow the to the the the of the outlet using to the with and the of the flow four through the flow that from each other. the to the four and them to the flow and the outlet the to the the and they should to the the and the flow the and Tighten enough to the and flow together. the of the outlet with the and the the Rotation of the the
Section and instructions Seal the to the Table the the criss-cross It recommended that the to that the correctly. Section following the re-assembly of the To the of the the of the If from the the internal to the should inspected Reference the the switch cover. the switch cover and the to the switch the the anchor that to the the screws that the assembly to the the assembly off of the DO NOT or the of the switches. to them with the when the assembly the four head screws holding to the Temporarily the assembly where HIGH PRESSURE HAZARD Release from the to serious injury.
and instructions Section Seal the three head screws from the that to the the and off the Inspect wear or TIP: If the to the to the the and the from the pointed this. Once the wires from the the wires pulled of the the clear protecting the wires the assembly and and built to to or whichever the and washers from the Inspect wear or Clean as and inspect of cracking, Inspect scratches, or of Polish with or with and with as required. the the clearance the Correct clearance to inch to If clearance the factory concerning
Section and instructions assembly (built and Assembly Reference and On the of the the washer, the bal-seal, the washer, the bal-seal and that The of to the flow On the the bal-seal and the washer. with the the the the assembly to the the three head screws. to the location of the screw, which located from the NOTE: If the disassembly, the wires and this The the assembly as reference to the wires back the the match another. Slightly the to the securely. sound heard when the the back and forth the assembly to that through the of each switch. necessary. the assembly and the the the assembly to the the four head screws. to the location of the screw. the the the the switch then the screws. The should to the
and instructions Section and and of the the and the cover The should with the boss the the from the to the assembly. If required, to Section Section To of the the or the of the the of the If from the the of If there from the the internal to the of inspection References and assembly the shut-off to the and the This of the and of the within. the the of the Allow the the supply to
Section and instructions and Disconnect the supply from the the from the the hose from the If the caught reused. If the to reused, should the four the of the the holding the of the the and from the the four If the hand, them together and wrench the to the the and to the or from the as pulled from its' downstream the attaching the wrench recommended this the wrench Section to the while wrench to the the of the the the and cushion. should when the from the as there the the as unthreading from screw.
and instructions Section and Seal Typical assembly the from the downstream of the the downstream of the the of mounting screws this HIGH PRESSURE HAZARD Release from the to serious injury. the head screws attaching the to the of the the off the to the and washer from the the of the washer Clean as and inspect of cracking Inspect the scratches, or of Polish with or (emory cloth) and with as
Section and instructions and the bushing the clearance the Correct clearance to inch to If clearance the factory Assembly the following where of recommended, should noted that of should as the of affected. Reference and the the washer, the and the of both to the flow the the holding with amount of the the the Apply amount of grease to the the to the the with the of the to the the and the the with the head screws. the downstream of the the Apply amount of grease to the the to the the the with the hoses and the with those the the cushion the with the facing the flow the and the to the to the the bore of the with the threads threading the the locking and with wrench. The locking should the to turn. the the of the to the as with the the shoulder the of the Then the round the the smooth of to the as necessary. the to within of the downstream the the the of the If the threads these the the the of the These the as the of the the plate from the
and instructions Section the four the the each of the to they Tighten the to the and together. to specifications To of the to the with the flow the supply hose from the and the hoses to the the operating the shut-off the shut-off and and Once the assembled, the Turn the and the and Once from the off the and re-check the Compact purchased to with assembly. These retrofitted to the assembly. instructions with the Switch the
Section and instructions Detector Switch Detector Switch simplified from the necessary when switch the or the Section further information switch the assembly. Table of these Compact built from to the If to the assembly assembly required. Table these numbers. Reference and than intrinsically the and regulations tion The Switch location factory and Detector switch
and instructions Section Detector Switch to the the the outboard of the cover. the cover. the holding the the switch and anchors necessary. Disconnect the from the releasing the and the the mounting/adjustment screws holding the switch to the switch Detector switch the switch assembly while feeding the switch through the to catch the other wires. the switch. switch, that the assembly the switch and the right of the where the elongated located.
Section and instructions Detector Switch the switch that the through the of the switch. If necessary, the housing and the while the switch It to the housing free from the screwdriver the the housing to its and tighten screws. Detector switch the switch the feeding the back through the to the location. Anchor the to the and anchors. wires with the and/or anchor as necessary. the cover and
and instructions Section Detector Switch of Section If the switch correctly, the switch within inches from the switch The to the of the Water inch of switch Since The This the within the allowed. expected the other Table below. Table L) L) L) L) L) L) L) Flow I.D. from
Section and instructions Detector Switch
and instructions Section Troubleshooting Section Troubleshooting Interface Should the of the the following sections and information to that encountered. If these and information the and as typical reference. with the HIGH VOLTAGE HAZARD Wear protective and follow instructions when with high to serious or death. Reference and without ESD grounding wrist-strap. to grounding to the and them inoperable. The interface board with the operating These the RUN input, the UPSTREAM and the DETECTOR RUN command: The high 12VDC) the interface and pulled than 2VDC) the operating to the This and of J-2. UPSTREAM The as (30VDC, This pulled high the operating It pulled the interface whenever the within the switch. This and of J-2. DETECTOR The as (30VDC, This pulled high the operating and pulled the
Section Troubleshooting and instructions Interface interface board whenever the within of the switches. This and of J-2. that shows the interface that the operating from the The below. RUN bypass, and and downstream. clears (stand-by) switch; high. the first switch switch, high. the switch switch, high. RUN high, activated, and the switch switch, high. the first switch switch, high. (stand-by) switch, Compact this RUN command from
and instructions Section Troubleshooting to the If the operation the AC the to the If the to the and of or the defective. If the the AC to the and then the DC to the relay J-4 the interface board. If the the relay If the the and of J-2 the interface board. If this than 2V), the operating If this high than 8V), the interface board If the operating found the LED the interface board. If this LED and the switch, this the switch and of J-1 the interface board. If connecting this the LED off, the non-fused) terminals and If detected, the of the (or the fused and the integrity. If the found the the assembly or switches. downstream: release) Apply the AC the the to the If the to the or the closed. If the J-4 the interface and apply of 12VDC to the of the relay. If the the relay If the J-4 and and of J-2 the interface board and of J-2). If the the interface board If the the operating the to 0V) to of J-2. One this that the operating the from the assembly. The and of J-2 the interface should than 2V) and the LED with the
Section Troubleshooting and instructions the to the If the the the assembly or switch. phase
and instructions Section Troubleshooting (three phase
Section Troubleshooting and instructions (ATEX internal)
and instructions Section Troubleshooting (ATEX
Section Troubleshooting and instructions The The Compact AC or DC these correctly or The typically the the relays. These the relays DC directly from the operating The of these relays wired to match the flow of the following charge and Measure the TB1 wit typical DMM DC the interface or the relay TB1 the to these conductors and should If the (with high or TB! or the relay, back to the operating There should or The operating +24V DC when active and the DC to both relays. active, the to 0V DC. reference the DMM where the and DC If necessary, the the to The operating DC when active and the +24V DC to both relays. active, the to +24V DC. reference the DMM the DC the or TB1. If necessary, the the to
and instructions Section Troubleshooting The Correction which type of and this to the the relays. If necessary, to the If +24V DC to both relays and the from the of each relay back to TB1, they wired If the DC to both relays, and the from the of each relay back to TB1, they wired Correct the as the type of used. and simplified and operation. If the to as the aborts the the (the within the to the enough to or the to the of the to the to the charging or of the necessary.
Section Troubleshooting and instructions The DC
and instructions Section Troubleshooting The AC
Section Troubleshooting and instructions The
and instructions Section and Section and The following of the of the Strap McMaster-Carr 5349A12 McMaster-Carr P.O. New NJ Telephone: www.mcmaster.com wrenches assembly and of the and specified ratings of the and wrenches, wrenches and other of the to
Section and and instructions Table screw screw
and instructions Section and Table
Section and and instructions
and instructions Section Section This section those to properly and service Reference those to the and and of the that the Compact as N/S, shown the as N/A as C/F factory If of the Compact and Table or the factory The following information to properly the Compact Compact Compact or and The following of the of the Compact and Emerson E.I. and Rosemount Rosemount, Inc. Teflon E.I. and E.I. and E.I. and of E.I. Nemours and Company.
Section and instructions Item Complete SK08 SK12 SK12 SK18 SK24-07 SK34 C/F SK24 FKM SK24-022- SK08-22 SK12-022 SK12-022 SK18-022 SK34-022 SK40-022 SK24-022 PFKM SK24-075- SK08-075 SK12-075 SK12-075 SK18-075 SK34-075 C/F SK24-075 CR SK24-116- SK08-116 SK12-116 SK12-116 SK18-116 SK34-116 C/F SK24-116 FKM/PFKM SK24-12X- SK08-12X SK12-12X SK12-12X SK18-12X C/F C/F SK24-12X FKM SK08-222 SK12-222 SK12-222 SK18-222 SK24-222 SK34-222 C/F FKM C/F FKM C/F Rear Table
and instructions Section Item Flowtube washer washer N/A N/A washer N/A N/A N/A N/A C/F Seal washer C/F (V/ NEC N/A N/A N/A NEC N/A N/A N/A NEC C/F C/F NEC N/A N/A N/A NEC C/F C/F C/F C/F C/F ATEX C/F Table
Section and instructions Item ATEX C/F NEC NEC NEC NEC ATEX Interface board relay <250V, NEC >250V, NEC ATEX switch phase N/A N/A N/A Three phase C/F C/F C/F C/F ATEX C/F C/F C/F C/F C/F C/F C/F NEC ATEX option phase NEC HW-968D- HW-968D- HW-968D- HW-968D- N/A N/A N/A Three phase NEC HW-968D- HW-968D- HW-968D- C/F C/F Three phase ATEX C/F C/F C/F C/F C/F bushing
and instructions Section Item C/F N/A N/A N/A N/A washer N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A washer N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Detector N/A N/A bushing N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A bushing N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A C/F C/F retrofit N/S N/A N/A 01M 01M 01M 01M 01M N/A N/A 02M 02M 02M 02M 02M Assembly N/S
Section and instructions Item N/S 115V, F, NEC C/F 115V, C, NEC C/F 230V, F, NEC C/F 230V, C, NEC C/F 220V, F, ATEX C/F 220V, C, ATEX C/F N/S Table
and instructions Section (flow
Section and instructions (Flow
and instructions Section (Mechanical
Section and instructions
and instructions Section Parts Compact
Section and instructions Table Compact (continued)
and Inc. Houston, TX USA T+1 F+1 USA Services, Inc. Scotland, UK East: Africa: UAE and Inc., rights The Emerson and service of Emerson and Inc. Emerson business The and of Industries, Inc. The Junior, JuniorSonic, and of Industries, Inc. other property of their respective owners. P/N