P/N July Motion
Motion, Inc. rights ELITE and and MVD and MVD Direct of Motion, Inc., Motion of Motion, Inc., The Motion and Emerson and service of Emerson other property of their respective owners.
You This to Motion The following information this Customer service technical the Motion Customer Service the U.S.A., phone 800-522-MASS free) and America, phone (U.S.A.) other locations, the U.K., (toll-free) other locations, (The Customers the U.S.A. Motion service Troubleshooting to the troubleshooting Specifications specifications found the Product which from the Motion www.micromotion.com Customer service Definitions. installations options Location. the Mounting the Grounding. Additional information You
You Definitions The MVD to the following and and with interface or installations This Motion with when properly with the instructions this to the EC of conformity that apply to this The EC of conformity, with and the ATEX and Instructions the www.micromotion.com/atex or through Motion Information to that with the Directive found the www.micromotion.com/documentation If from the to the to information about the Removing the secondary of the and the user to The when the options The of The other with the following interfaces: to mounted or to user-supplied integrally mounted or connecting to mounted or mounted
with with integrally mounted Core housing Core housing You Flow arrow Flow arrow
Location with Location Choose location the based the this section. The following location the flow performance, the should of installations the specified the the which the that to the Motion shipped with the or from the Motion www.micromotion.com to Motion instructions, shipped with the or from the Motion installations to EN apply. The and of the shown Junction Flow arrow
and and the ATEX T to the ATEX shipped with the or the Motion www.micromotion.com UL and CSA Table UL and CSA UL with CSA with of or F (C) below F C), heated to its to F C) and F C). Long-term of below F C) recommended. the of selecting this should as If to the areas, it to options other than with Motion F C with or to to with to to Mount remotely; F (C) Location F C), mount remotely;
Location If the mounted from the the the and type. Table Table type Motion to MVD Not or Motion to other Not Motion Not User-supplied wires (VDC) AWG (RS-485) AWG or Motion using Motion Motion straight of or downstream. the and the the through the and the completely of downstream from the recommended to flow the information about to the instruction shipped with the AWG AWG
the The function properly the with Motion recommends orienting the with flowing through the Recommended to cleanability and follow these the If the the and should the (ID). The the and the with clean-in-place (CIP) applications, Motion recommends the generally-accepted velocity of least cleaning the If the than the reducers to this the the and the Flow the
the reducer of the cleaning purged with the of the cleaning reducers, to the section of to the reducer. performance impacted flow of the The the housing and should inspected Manually clean this when necessary. The ASME (ASME BPE-1997), section SC-3.12.1, includes to to the ASME BPE-1997 recommends of in/ft of The of the the reducer the Flow arrow The flow arrow to the flow If the that the flow arrow matches flow. housing the as the reducer
Mounting the to and To reduce the of or the should The of the or rotated freely to to mount the the to the Mounting Mounting the
installations If the location, that the information the matches the which the to comply with the the specified the the which the Improperly sealed housings to which or Inspect and grease and and housing covers and options The of the following integrally mounted the and the to Grounding to Core to to to the Motion MVD Direct to or Junction to or Core to Follow the below to the the and the of the following to shield the from the to the If that termination shielding the to of the If user-supplied with shielded or armored terminate the shields the gland. both the armored and the shield wires the the wires to the internal ground screw of the to of the If Motion-supplied the housing: the and apply shielded heat as below. The shielded heat shield termination the when whose shield consists of and Proceed to of the below. With armored where the shield consists of the as below, apply heat Proceed to of the below. the cover from the housing. the and the the
Motion and heat the housing, shielded as follows armored and inches of the clear that the and the the wires. the shield that around the insulated wires, inch of or and exposed, and the wires. the shield wire(s) around the off the the shield wires the shielded heat the shield wire(s). The should completely cover the wires. Without burning the apply heat F or C) to the heat
the heat the with the heat the cloth shield or and wires the and approximately inch the Folding the cloth shield the the housing and housing the wires through the and the the If the housing to allow the housing to without the wires. the wires the The Motion consists of of AWG wires and which should the VDC and of AWG and white), which should the RS-485 the four wires to the the
Connecting the wires the and the housing cover. Additional instructions the found the ground the shield and shield wire(s) the Junction to or Follow the below to the the and the or and the to the instructions Motions Flowmeter Preparation and the of the wires the wires should exposed. Match the wires the or to the Tighten the screws to the wires of then tightly and the cover and housing covers the or supply wire) supply (Black wire) Core housing internal ground screw to earth ground grounded and ground to internally) shield wires to this RS-485B wire) RS-485A (White wire)
Grounding Grounding The grounded the the the ground-bonded. If the grounded the ground to the internal or grounding screw, which located the housing or grounding Ground the to earth, or follow ground the facility. If follow these to ground the wire, AWG or grounding. ground leads as as than ground leads directly to earth, or follow If the they should sealed the should purged with or and resealed. the protects internal The purged of and sealed the factory. If the necessary to or the information, Motion Customer Service. Removing If from the to the Removing the secondary of the and the to when of the injury. Removing the to with Follow instructions the instructions the It to this the process, or operation. Performing the while the operating accuracy, flow the the or operation. both from the If used, the the the them with of Teflon
the supply of or to the or the to introducing or other the If the than (such as the than the the from to top. If the than (such as the higher than the the from top to there tight the and suction the or the process. The the amount of of atmosphere to each the to Table If used, increase the to the of the the At the off the supply, then immediately the outlet and with the If the atmospheric operation, the the tight suction the Table to T025 T050 T075 T100 T150 If used, increase to the
Motion when These procedures with government and Motion to follow Motion procedures refused Information and www.micromotion.com or the Motion Customer Service New and that from the and New and completed Authorization Used that classified as and used. This completely and cleaned Used completed Authorization and that with the If completed include certifying and that with the
Motion, Inc. rights P/N the Motion specifications, the PRODUCTS section of www.micromotion.com Motion Inc. USA Worldwide Headquarters Circle Motion Emerson WX The Motion United Emerson Bredbury SK6 2SU U.K. Motion Emerson of Motion Emerson