Instruction API7LTA Please these instructions and reference. with
of BodyBare Precision and Cleaning Spotlight Battery instructions
Precautions of the reach of the or The only as this This household only. the or other If from of the following please health BodyBare or wounds. this where with the clothing and shoelaces to and to the clean, This the eyebrows. with the with this this that it only. of or of the This reaction which the than three please health practitioner. that the when and products, that the when below which the of and the instructions with
the off the or the the cord. Turn the off and the when the and cleaning. with this and tested technician or service from outlet of the (A.C. only) the This children or infirm they to that they the Young children should to that they with the while other than its or or heated top of other the of the of or top or with or the If the performance and of please the Customer Service protection, the of (RCD) with exceeding the supplying to the or other recommended. WARNING: the that the
of Spotlight On/Off Protective Cover Head release Precision Spotlight On/Off Cleaning
using the first that with the the the the back of the using such as the that shower or and or exfoliating to the that the and or the to the the protective cover and switch bacterial protection This which the the as as There and II thicker or to the to If than with to the to from with the facing from the lightly the There to apply If too applied, the The to as as there to appear The the and The to hairs from the and and brushing motion. The the eyebrows.
To the spotlight the spotlight on/off once and the light from the head. To off, the once The the to the spotlight. The spotlight off Precision the from the of the the The Turn the spotlight the once. Press the once to off. The spotlight off the back the back the and the of the to and Cleaning Switch the off the off and the cleaning. the or other To clean the with cloth and each the cover pressing the head release Then hairs the supplied. the head Occasionally the with that using the protective the when
Spotlight The spotlight the and off to life. The spotlight the the as the Should the spotlight the to replaced. the Consumer battery. To battery, the from the of the Unscrew the of the turning the and the the the the spotlight the that the locating each of these Whilst holding these the the the the spotlight and the this first Locating Spotlight
Spotlight Screw the the spotlight that the when finished. the back the If about please the New Zealand, please and distributed and New Corporation Limited. If the performance and of please the Customer Service and National Service information or this please the Customer Service New
Consumer New