Instruction AP17LTR Please these instructions and reference. Perfection with
Precautions of BodyBare Perfection Perfection head Precision Spotlight Battery and Cleaning Unit Battery
instructions
Precautions Precautions of the reach of the or The as this This household only. the or other If from of the following please health hemophilia, or wounds. this where with the clothing and shoelaces to and to the clean, This the eyebrows. only with the with this this that only. of or of the This reaction which the than three please health practitioner. that the when and products, that the when Listed below which the of and the instructions with
the off the outlet or the the cord. Turn the off and the when the and cleaning. with this and tested or service from outlet of the (A.C. only) the This or infirm they to that they the Young should to that they with the while other than its or or heated top of other the of the of or top or with or the If the performance and of please the Customer Service protection, the of (RCD) with the supplying to the or other recommended. WARNING: the that the
of Perfection Spotlight On/Off Charging Protective head Head release Precision Spotlight On/Off Cleaning
BodyBare the first This using the first This reach recharge capacity, the should initially hours. recharge than this. The charging light light to that the charging. On should recharge hours. This to of that the switched off. the charging the the and switch the to this from the of the as corded recommended. To the of the that the months. the first that with the the the the back of the such as the that shower or and or exfoliating to the that the clean and or the to the the protective cover and switch bacterial protection. There and II thicker or to the to If than with
to the to from with the facing from the lightly the There to apply If too applied, the The to as as there to appear The the and The Perfection only to hairs from the and and brushing motion. The the eyebrows. To the spotlight the spotlight on/off button once and the light from the head. To turn off, the once The the to the spotlight. The spotlight off head The head to such as or touchups. Press the head release and off the head. the head and The head should the higher
Precision the from the of the the button. The Turn the spotlight the once. Press the once to off. The spotlight off approximately the back the back the and the of the to Spotlight The spotlight the and off to life. The spotlight the the as the Should the spotlight the to replaced. the Consumer battery. To battery, the from the of the Unscrew the of the turning the and the the spotlight the the spotlight the that the locating each of these
Spotlight Whilst holding these the the the the spotlight and the Screw the the spotlight that the when finished. the back the and Cleaning Switch the off the off and the cleaning. the or other To the with cloth and each the cover the head release Then hairs the supplied. the head Occasionally clean the with that the protective cover the when this first Locating Spotlight
If about please the New please Unit Battery The of ordinary household (Please these the within the the battery). At the of the life, to Service of the rechargeable battery. The from the scrapped. The from the supply when the battery. The to of and distributed and New Corporation Limited. If the performance and of please the Customer Service and National Service information or this please the Customer Service New
Consumer New