Instruction AP17UAS Please these instructions and reference.
instructions
Precautions BodyBare of the reach of the or The only as this This household only. the or other If from of the following please health BodyBare or wounds. this where with the clothing and shoelaces to and to the clean, This the eyebrows. with the with this this that only. of or of the This reaction which the than three please health practitioner. that the when and products, that the when below which the of and the instructions with
the off the outlet or the the cord. Turn the off and the when the and cleaning. with this and tested technician or service from outlet of the (A.C. only) the This children or infirm they to that they the should to that they with the while other than its or or heated top of other the of the of or top or with or the If the performance and of please the Customer Service protection, the of (RCD) with exceeding the supplying to the or other recommended. WARNING: the that the
of Head release Spotlight switch Protective Cover head Cleaning
using BodyBare the first that with the the the the back of the hand such as the that shower or bath and or exfoliating to the that the and or the to the the protective cover and switch This which the the as as There and II thicker or The switch the of the switch to to the switch to the The head and the head only to or from the while the switch the to the to If than with The the eyebrows. to the to from with the facing from the lightly the There to apply If too applied, the The to as as there to appear
The the and The head to or touchups. Press the head release and off the head. the head and It the the specially the the head the facing the front. using the the the head the length, as the cover the It hairs the the and the as the and brushing action. DO NOT as the whole The spotlight while the operation.
and Cleaning Switch the off the off and the cleaning. the or other To the with cloth and each the cover the head release Then hairs using the supplied. the head Occasionally clean the with that the protective the when If about please the New Zealand, please
and distributed and New Corporation Limited. If the performance and of please the Customer Service and National Service information or this please the Customer Service New
Consumer New