Instruction AP10LR Please these instructions and reference. BodyBare Trio rechargeable
instructions
Precautions Precautions of the reach of the or The as this This household only. the or other If from of the following please health hemophilia, or wounds. this where it with the clothing and shoelaces to and to the clean, This the eyebrows. with the with this this that only. The of the replaced. If the the should scrapped. of or of the This reaction which the than three please health practitioner that the when and products, that the user when below which the of and the instructions with
the off the outlet or the the cord. Turn the off and the when the and cleaning. with this and tested technician or service from of the (A.C. only) the This or infirm they to that they the children should to that they with the while other than its or or heated top of other the of the of or top or with or the If suspected, the to the Appointed Service examination, or protection, the of (RCD) with exceeding the supplying to the or other recommended. that the
of Trio On/Off switch Charging Charging cover Spotlight Soft switch Protective cover
the first This the first To reach recharge capacity, the should initially hours. recharge than this. The charging light light to that On charging, should recharge hours. This to of that the switched off. the charging the the and switch the to this from the of the as recommended. To the of the that the every months. BodyBare the first that with the the the the back of the hand using areas. that shower or bath and the or exfoliating to the that the and or the protective cover pressing both of the the Switch the the switch and the to
Choose from and II thicker or to the to from with the facing from the lightly the There to apply If too applied, the to the to The to as as there to appear Where The the and the with the cover attached these areas. It the the specially supplied. the cover off and the and It hairs the the and the as If than with The the eyebrows. The with To this other such as the cover or as
and Cleaning Switch the off the off and the cleaning. the or other To clean the with cloth and hairs using the supplied. Occasionally the with that the protective cover the when If about please the New Zealand, please
Battery The of ordinary household At the of the life, the to Service of the rechargeable battery. The from the scrapped. The to of
Notes
and distributed and New Corporation Limited. If the performance and of please the Customer Service and National Service information or this please the Customer Service New
Consumer New