AP-3MPR Rechargeable
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF PARTS Protective Cover of Switch On/Off switch Release Release the head Charging P.
created to smooth rough and calloused the second, to and efectively the and and than scrapers, with to the and easy to with other It and rechargeable to seconds. Smooth, The rechargeable It without the or with the to turned ON the the the the the as rechargeable should least, hours. It recommended that recharge hours each when To and the of the battery, recommended to the battery, the charge completely, and then recharge Each recommended only. reasons, the should shared with others. P.
using please this instruction and completely. of the the and charge least hours, initially. Then charge hours as If the while P.
HOW TO USE smoothing the and this anywhere the and the and or Select the and the section of the to and the of included to the protective cover from the and ready to P.
To On the switch and the to the "OFF" High Turn the and (back and forth or to the callous/corn/hard seconds. the The too the Turn the of and achieved the If turn the and the seconds and to this the of smoothness obtained. Warning: becomes or infamed. Warning: than seconds Turn the of the or to of the To the please the Cleaning section. the protective cover when P.
CHANGING THE MICRO-PEDI PRO TORNADO ROLLER The please them with Please when the that or to the the as of and of treated. as the when to the or when them efective. the turned of the the release the of the while the facing and the the from the holding the of the and of P.
the from the the with and catching the of hand. the hear click sound. to the the with the thinner the the that with of or P.
CLEANING cleaning the the The should The The head The should or and should to of and from the outlets. the the section) the head from the the head (with attached) seconds to the head from the of the The head The or the head with cloth. head of the the the section) the protective cover P.
WARNING IMPORTANT Please these instructions reference. The ONLY the and this anywhere the using please these instructions and completely. the only this instruction This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning the of the their Warning To reduce the of burns, fires or shock, when This this with others. Each recommended only. reason, the should with others. or If or other please with physician to than seconds the when or the P. the as of and of treated. that red, irritated, infected or warts. or wounds. immediately or irritation. becomes irritated or the This only. This professional should shared. charge cool, with this or sunlight. Please 40C. the when and cleaning. where or of Warning while or the shower. or and to the bathtub or the shower. or
reach Immediately the The with the with the or without the when charged. to the the first cordlessly to hours. the with the the the and then the that the the finished the OFF and then the from the outlet and then from the please the and the cord. wrap the of around the the of the from the or o the to with another as this with the with the the US 1-888-99EMJOI, M-F, EST. that the the This when overseas. To and the of recommended to the battery, the charge completely, then recharge This from the when the battery. The from the it scrapped. The to of or or other the On the attached. when it and cleaning this the as this to injury. or of the where products or used. Children should to that they with this of reach of children as This to or children or To and to or to the when from the eyebrows, eyelashes as as clothes, brushes, wires, cords, shoelaces, If or whatsoever strongly to with health using this If with health to continually the the or apply the protective cover when P.
The warranty and workmanship from the of purchase. warranty service. this warranty the to Inc. with of purchase to FDR Station, PO New NY of or their of without charge. this 1-888-99-EMJOI M-F, EST. This warranty cover from alterations, of reasonable or performance of services or repairs unauthorized service The and of the responsibility caused or other than that these instructions. AP-3MPR P.R.C. Soft International P. PK-IB-EMJ-3MPR-01-0