TABLE OF CONTENTS Precautions Thank You Purchase ERT ERM ERD ERT ERM ERD Transducers Precision Cabinetry Custom Sound ERT/ERM Selection ERD-1 Additional ERT ERM Family, Technical Specifications ERT-8.3 Reference Towers ERM-6.3 LCR ERM-6.2 LCR ERM-1 LCR ERT ERM ERT-8.3/ERM-6.3 Custom Sound ERM-6.2/ERM-1 Custom Sound ERD-1 and with Expanded ERD-1Technical Specifications ERD-1 and Choosing Locations CRT Distortion Positioning Surround Surround the Positioning ERT-8.3 Tower ERM Bookshelf ERM Mounting ERD-1 Wall Mounting
TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED Sound ERT/ERM/ERD ERT/ERM Warranty Service ERT/ERM /ERD
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS this thoroughly attempting to and ERT/ERM/ERD the and instructions should of the and of ERT/ERM/ERD to this reference ERT/ERM/ERD these operating instructions should followed. to and free installation. The of the If with the of to to the services of professional. ERT/ERM/ERD should NEVER such as bathtub, ERT/ERM/ERD should that their location or from the to his/her head or mounting to or If bookshelf, please the enough from to the of from ERT/ERM/ERD should from heat such as radiators, or other CLEANING cleaning ERT/ERM/ERD cloth and light Pledge). the cloth with the and then the cloth to and the This the as as the window/all-purpose cleaners as they or the of the towels, as they scratch the directly to the or of the The following that ERT/ERM/ERD serviced service that or the or the or The ERT/ERM/ERD to or The ERT/ERM/ERD appear to normally or performance; or The ERT/ERM/ERD or its The user should to service the ERT/ERM/ERD the this other servicing should to service service, please Corporation Southeast TN EMO-TECH www.emotiva.com
Thank You Purchase Dear Enthusiast, Thank purchasing ERT/ERM/ERD products, sincerely that they offer performance and products and with the highest and incorporate the technology. think the ERT/ERM/ERD or the of famous together front and surround that and with clear, sound. The sound allow to each to or to high performance with other products. ERT/ERM/ERD ERT/ERM/ERD should reach If or other the please immediately. the and the and It to the and the ERT/ERM/ERD to or shipped back to the factory service. NOTE: the and mount them when and the This to the chance of to the or of the the
ERT/ERM/ERD ERT-8.3/ERM-6.3/ERM-6.2 with author of The and internal and specifically built Transducers from of synthetic and of fiberglass, this lightweight sound to and the highest to allow the NBR surround to high and heat and thermal, and protective (including NBR surround termination reduces and high performance high and allows and reduced Integrated and shorting To reduce and and harmonics. efficiency), and high The pushed, the and and increases Non-ferrous interference, and thermal and surround surround clear highs without harshness. cooled integrated mounted the and internally chamber. Precision Asymmetrical Precision and DCR inductors Chosen and high paths. and contouring. Phase and off-axis characteristics. (Continued,
Cabinetry Non-reflective, hand finished to the theater theater. they appearance. Highly braced and critically MDF Highest MDF with front and sound and machined front plates reduced acoustical performance, and distinctive appearance. mounted, acoustically of non-reflective and Custom Sound ERT/ERM Switchable (ERT-8.3/ERM-6.3/ERM-6.2/ERM-1) This switch of of to the with of and the switching to the or brighter or warmer sound to acoustics or preference. (ERM-6.3 ERT-8.3) to the ERT-8.3 and ERM-6.3 On the EQ with to On the High the creating brighter and sound that to counter acoustics or preference. Switchable (ERT-8.3/ERM-6.3) This switch of of with of and the switching to the or increase or the to the Switchable boundary (ERT-8.3/ERM-6.3/ERM-6.2, ERM-1) This to reduce the bass of the If mounted to or of or other boundary, the of the bass become and sound. the switch to the On this reducing about Selection ERD-1 these switches to whether the function as right or or of polarity with or right of Additional terminals operation ERT-8.3 ERM-6.3 ERM-6.2 ERM-1 with integrated
ERT/ERM Family, Technical Specifications ERT-8.3 Reference Towers Woofers, One Recommended RMS two-position brushed high, including feet high without ERM-6.3 LCR Woofers, One Recommended RMS high ERM-6.2 LCR Woofers, One Recommended RMS high ERM-1 LCR Woofers, One Recommended RMS high
ERT/ ERM From to right: ERM-1: high ERM-6.2: high ERM-6.3: high ERT-8.3: high, including high without
ERT-8.3/ERM-6.3 Custom Sound Boundary the or increase the of the bass, to to or of On, which reduces about and which unaffected. Five-way the to the amplifier(s). and wire. plated to the with or only each the and that the securely or the and and or Warning: to the serious to amplifier. More or and to the ERT-8.3 and ERM-6.3 On the EQ with to roll-off On the High the creating brighter and sound that to counter acoustics or or the and
ERM-6.2/ERM-1 Custom Sound the with or each the and that the securely or the and and or Warning: to the shorting serious to amplifier. More or and Boundary Compensation the or increase the of the bass, to to or of On, which reduces about and which unaffected. Five-way the to the amplifier(s). and plated to
ERD-1 and with Expanded Mounting Screws These to the ERD-1 to the mounting They to with the mounting ERD-1 Switches to the of the Five-way and wire. plated to ERD-1Technical Specifications One Woofer, Recommended RMS high10.1 (each),
ERD-1 Switch ERD-1 Surround to sound through the and accomplish this through the of These four switch which the as or right or inverted Left/Right This switch BOTH polarity with the It's recommended where the mounted or the where of than the and they least ear (or or Right This switch of the of polarity with the and other this that the mount or ear directly to the of the and thereby the the positioning with mounted directly to the of the the facing the of the the that's of polarity. This the recommended or DTS based with surround Left/Right Inverted This switch BOTH of polarity with the It's recommended where the mounted or the where of than the and they ear (or below). the of inverting the polarity both the front L/C/R which the to further than they actually
and This section of the should the locations and of the following when choosing locations ERT-8.3/ERM-6.3/ERM-6.2 The ERT-8.3 to the front (L/R) of They to with the stability. The ERM-6.3 to the front (L/C/R) of The ERM-6.2 to the front (L/C/R) of or and the polarity when the If the insulation or that the whenever the and mount them only when and the This to the chance of to the or of the the The section of the positioning of based the of and other Choosing Locations Please this section thoroughly. There of which aesthetically pleasing to the that sound The of as as the While there about the which theater installed, choose of within that to the sound of the Ultimately, this when theater and ERT/ ERM/ERD the front where the sound directed ear This that the themselves or higher or as as the sound pointed the and preferably around ear This the with the rear or the each of the sections the to the installations the positioning of the to the as as to each other, there with
CRT Distortion ERT/ERM/ERD shielded and shielded and CRT too If to this input the to If anywhere the too to the and should from the the Please that LCD, DLP and affected. Positioning ERT/ERM with the located to of the and The positioning of these sound Near Positioning ERT/ERM with the facing each other), Near sound This focused sound. Positioning ERT/ERM with the facing outwards from each other), sound with off sound. There right or to Near or This of preference. Common however, might using the Near when the and right or or using the when trying to You should follow with the of the following The and right front should that TV exactly them. This towards the the the should exactly the and from as the right It recommended that to them to the within about inch If TV, the should than from the of the TV. If the and right the height (within This smooth when sound effects from to Ideally, the should than from the and to reduce reflections that If than this, sound such as the to reduce reflections. (Continued,
that from the positioning of theater and ears should the of the The top or directly the TV, as as located the and off to Ideally, try to from the of the of than This the or higher than to the of the LEFT and RIGHT MAIN the front of the to the front of the TV (The sound waves otherwise off the top of the TV and the of the TV. they the sound that exactly the This where the and the LEFT/RIGHT further To the of recommends that with the facing the when the mounted TV, and facing the when the beneath the TV. shielded and shielded and CRT too If to this input the to If anywhere the too to the and should from the the Please that LCD, DLP and affected. which and from the and right front they as as surround If as the should to the SIDE-AXIS ON or OFF. this Typical of the that appear to "suspended" where the Wherever them, these the walls, to the fronts. You them surround (such as the ERD-1) the to or its location. initially to
Surround surround that closely follows and DTS the surrounds should mounted the directly to the right and of the seated OR that least to ear Higher than ear height actually that the their straight to the then they would to where the surrounds should mounted. this (the ERD-1) should the sound and backwards and (the of the which directed the The that hear the sound from the surround they directly the Should the surround locations chosen to the to initially the performance the These the to the of to the of the Surround surround back These of surround effects playback of EX, and DTS-ES. when the surround mounted to the of the the surround back mounted or the Ideally, "Surround" and "Surround should of the and and heights to smooth sound field. ERD-1 surround back where they mounted to the though, the /Right switch initially to started. This the that would that
the Positioning and right front should that TV exactly them. This the the the should exactly the and from as the right It recommended that to them to the within about inch If TV, the should than from the of the TV. If the and right the height (within This smooth when sound from to Ideally, the should than from the and to reduce reflections that might If than this, sound such as the to reduce reflections. ERT-8.3 ERT-8.3 brushed stability. they to the To the to the each ERT-8.3 its back, and the screws holding the Once the screws the outward, the the with the threaded the of the and and the screws. Each ERT-8.3 with four brushed (or that to the These located the top or of the ERT-8.3 the clear covering the and the which Each with of the and topped with screw the the threading them the screw the outer of the The should the recessed around the screw ERM Bookshelf Installations If ERM bookshelf or within allow to the to reflections and the to the the Boundary Compensation switch to "ON" bookshelves or other with boundaries, the Boundary Compensation switch to ON. ERM Mounting If ERM to them from the with to the and right This the or reproduction. Also, the footprint of the the The Boundary Compensation switch the ERM the to other or
ERD-1 Mounting the mounting screws the back of the ERD-1 They to and the which the screw attached. the the and mount them when fixed, The ERD-1 to mounted with the included mounting Please anchor of to pounds or mount the plates directly with the screws to mount these location/installation, the should facing outwards, as the location of and that choice of the and the to mount the each the cover the of the and them to the that top and each of the mounting attached factory. directly to the mounting and plate and the to the Then, the mounting screws to the the gently the positioning the to the the mounted, the switches the to the ound or
Sound please the following: Whenever the cords from the or wires to or interference heard the and to If this the the with arrows the of flow. ALWAYS the polarity both the and the This to sound. Should about or of products, the SUPPORT section of the or directly EMO-TECH ERT/ERM/ERD the of the to the the of the to the the On the ERT- 8.3/ERM-6.3/ERM-6.2/ERM-1 which of choose the shorting this to Right, Surround, Right Surround, polarity. ERT-8.3/ERM-6.3/ERM-6.2
connected This allows the to with to than to the The the active LP/HP that would the of the necessary. the output of the to the the of the to the Woofer the of the to the "Woofer". the of the to the "Woofer".
LIMITED WARRANTY to and products the and theater enthusiast. ERT/ ERM/ ERD crafted to years. of this and craftsmanship, offers the following warranty to owners of the ERT/ ERM/ ERD warrants ERT/ ERM/ ERD to free from and workmanship of years from the of purchase. The following items from, or this warranty coverage: to ERT/ ERM/ ERD caused and (If item that to please immediately. to ERT/ ERM/ ERD caused or operation to the instructions specified within this to ERT/ ERM/ ERD from of, or attempted or authorized of or to, associated or connected Service ERT/ERM /ERD Please that BEFORE ERT/ ERM/ ERD MUST and authorization (RMA) to the RMA process, please as of the and the which the instances of and and to however Please Once obtained the RMA this clearly the of the to from whom the once the arrives. without RMA refused and freight Please repairs with RMA to: Southeast TN Reference RMA this
Copyright Rights the right to to its products Therefore, the specifications of the and the of this to and the "E" of Corporation