USERS GUIDE
NEC (National the (CATV) Grounding the House Thank You LPA-1 Purchase the LPA-1 Inventory Recording the LPA-1 Amplifi LPA-1 Amplifi LPA-1 Amplifi Professional Amplifier Rear and AC Considerations Physical Considerations Considerations Bridging and Sound Connecting Preamp/Processor to LPA-1 Connecting Preamp/Processor using to LPA-1 (including LFE Connecting and Connecting of to Connecting Expanded 12V and Table of
Technical about Troubleshooting Sound (from or connected to the LPA-1) The often or the often Performance From connected to the LPA-1 Turn-on and turn-off the Other of One or RED lights the with the whole A/V LPA-1 Technical cations Warranty Service Assistance the LPA-1
Precautions Read this thoroughly to and the LPA- Amplifier. the and operation instructions should operation of the and of the LPA-1 Amplifier, to this reference the LPA-1 Amplifier and these operating instructions should to and free installation. The of the If with the of to to the services of professional. NEVER the LPA-1 Amplifier such as bathtub, or There of shock to and to the shock or death. The LPA-1 Amplifier should that its location or with The LPA-1 Amplifier should or that or built-in such as bookcase, or closed that the flow of through If installations, to forced that The LPA-1 Amplifier should from heat such as or other which heat. The LPA-1 Amplifier should connected to supply of the type this and what the LPA-1 supply cords should routed that they high foot or pinched items or them, to the and the where they the LPA-1 Amplifier. The of the LPA-1 Amplifier should from the when of cleaning the LPA-1 Amplifier, should cleaned as recommended this directly the should that the of the LPA-1 Amplifier. The following LPA-1 Amplifier serviced only service The power-supply or the or or the or The LPA-1 exposed to or The LPA-1 appear to normally or The LPA-1 or its or chassis performance; or
The user should to service the LPA-1 Amplifier the this other servicing should to service To shock, this with cord, or other outlet the to fi Grounding or should that the grounding or of the defeated. This the Class (whichever from as the interference regulations of the of ATTENTION edicts service, please EMO-TECH EMO-TECH EMO-TECH www.emotivaaudio.com If purchased through AV123 and service please AV123 W. www.av123.com CO WARNING TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT CAUTION: TO PREVENT ELECTRIC SHOCK, MATCH WIDE BLADE OF PLUG TO ATTENTION: POUR EVITER LES CHOCS ELECTRIQUES, INTRODUIRE LA LAME LA PLUS LARGE DE LA FICHE DANS LA BORNE CORRESPONDANTE DE LA PRISE ET EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. WIDE SLOT, FULLY INSERT. POUSSER JUSQUAU FOND.
NEC (National the (CATV) This to the CATV to of the NEC that grounding and that the ground connected to the grounding of the building as to the of as Grounding the House If connected to the receiver, the grounded as to protection and built-up charges. of the National ANSI/NFPA information with to grounding of the lead- to to grounding and the below. or grounding there the that or (mounted high the become and electrically to which connected. Additionally, grounding offers to the people the the of
Thank You LPA-1 Purchase Entertainment Thank purchasing the LPA-1 Amplifier. sincerely that offers performance and products and with the highest and incorporate the technology. think the LPA-1 or The LPA-1 high performance amplifier. It performance, ease of and flexibility. employing technology, the LPA-1 easily to high the as as of This allows to and without and high effects. Whats the LPA-1 with exceptionally and sound that the The LPA-1 of leading and the features to the functions expected of high Amplifier including and The LPA-1 Amplifier that allows to and of with chassis. This of than connecting or amplifiers. At that creating products that they should easy to while performance.
the LPA-1 The LPA-1 Amplifier should reach If or other the please immediately. Inventory Included with LPA-1 should IEC Class cord, and this Please to the items there the Gently the and the and This heavy, please to or to the amplifier. It to the and the LPA-1 to or shipped back to the factory service. that It the to establish the of Warranty and Recording the Please the located the and below. the where purchased this and the of purchase. of Purchase of Purchase LPA-1
LPA-1 Amplifi Professional Amplifier Audiophile of operation) KVA torrid Complementary, incorporating high high and as follows: or Completely to Ratio than THD rated protected from Soft Soft switch 4RU chassis IEC VAC LED The front informative LED lighting to the of the LPA-1. NO LED Amplifier OFF BLUE LED Normal FLASHING RED LED Condition Troubleshooting section Switch This switch the ON/OFF of the LPA-1 from the front the off and the switch switching accomplished with the input the back 3-12VDC These the LPA-1 as as isolation.
Rear RCA These the information each the LPA-1. them to the of the preamplifier/processor or other and as which input from Turn On This input activation of the LPA-1. This directly with the LMC-1 and If building and outer shield and Bridged Switch This switch the the LPA-1. it the ON the turned manually from the front switch or with the input input These the The wire, or or to polarity when connecting and that the wires and and to to the IEC It that this to
and AC Considerations that the outlet of supplying the and specified to account the that other they or The of household other than the and DVD players and other items. of the the LPA-1 of or It should to allow the other such as and A/V to amplifiers such as the LPA-1 and TV or should SEPARATE SEPARATE the LPA-1 that nearly please other DO NOT the LPA-1 or the specifically and rated high to A/V and owners to learn the the LPA-1 with the front switch or input (switch the to ON), the front LED lighting off and through each then This the functioning normally, and ready operation. If LED light or LED light while the (otherwise) operation, please to the troubleshooting section of this Physical the LPA-1 Please the the four Please this cooling when placing. If this please that the to fresh and there least inches of free the and inch each If the located the amplifiers If the rear, DC (such as those to flow and of the NOT the the LPA-1. The LPA-1 with This field that induce with NOT directly or directly to the LPA-1. the LPA-1 shelf, that the of the or The heavy and should the of to the top heavy.
Considerations from cords least inches. Its with amplifiers as the AC cords carrying than other and which there of or with the proximity. Considerations The each of the LPA-1 with industry These of the which the the The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and It to polarity that the to the and terminals the and the the that the wires the wires, or chassis This and the protection Bridging and using and which the right the POSITIVE BRIDGED and the the NEGATIVE BRIDGED The switch the back of LPA-1 the BRIDGED this ohms. Sound please the following: the LPA-1 turned off or ANY Whenever the cords from the or to or interference heard the RCA type patch cords tight fi and there of them off. to with twisting action. or the of LPA-1, the themselves, or other to If this the the with the of It the right RCA patch to and the to white, or the brand). RCA that with to the
Connecting Preamp/Processor to LPA-1 connecting the LPA-1 to the as wish, recommends using and as the Rear surround that the correctly the This the from the front L/C/R and the surround connecting the to the please
Connecting Preamp/Processor to LPA-1 (including LFE VCR or DVR CD or DVD or DAT This shows the LPA-1 and and subwoofer. This type of who (or their subwoofer and to that the chassis. LMC-1 LPA-1
Connecting and CD or DVD Please that the preamplifier/processor the or it from the front and right to the LPA-1 and the the This shows the LPA-1 and using and that from the of the preamplfier/processor. This type of theater that already and to the to the home. or MP3 LPA-1 VCR or DVR
Connecting of to VCR or DVR CD or DVD AM/FM or This shows the LPA-1 three of through The the as the From there, the each to the LPA-1 and then each to of LPA-1 this and would to the LPA-1
Connecting Expanded VCR or DVR CD or DVD or DAT Distribution AVDA-3 or Please that the the or from the front and right matching to the Theater LPA-1 and the each LPA-1
12V The VDC shown to the when the This actually with switched DC from VDC, however the of theater VDC this function. This the as the of reliability. switch that directly the with this This action the and VOID THE WARRANTY. The terminals each located the of the LPA-1. The top of each the and to the (red) of The of each the and to the of The when using and which the right the POSITIVE BRIDGED and the the NEGATIVE BRIDGED of the the LPA- of each The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and this rated to below
and Whenever connecting than to of the brand), the which the impacted the Additionally, with apply to this reactions from the which they to the amplifier. The of than to the and the the If than there which to or established when connected to theres only to and to flow to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the fi The input of the fi to the input of the The input of the to the of the right The of found their together. four the than as the higher than established when connected that there to flow and to flow connected the the proportionally based the of each The of the together SMALLER than each to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the fi and to the of the and to the of the and of SERIES of PARALLEL
The of the right to the input of the fi and to the of the and to the of the and The of found the of the of four four four). NOT RECOMMENDED the LPA-1! Furthermore, and the ohms. the LPA-1 below recommended heat and eventually the protection the front of the the than as the to and the to them. Ideally, the should than You that the the to overheat, the or If this should reduce the of wired them or than amplifier. Technical about Although there this that with type that of the type and these the installation. of and/or used, there other acoustic that to the amplifiers If please as to as
Troubleshooting The LPA-1 expertly and built to years of trouble-free performance. that or that the and connected to the and The following information with of If Sound (from or to the LPA-1) Turn off and the and the Turn off and the and the and The the concerned. the switch or or that or the surround sound when expecting surround sound. turned off the the to If the the ON/OFFswitch the LPA-1 might the off internal the or AV123 The often or the often that the and wires shorted together. that shorted internally. If the wires and the the and If the reading than or when the internal or that too and their If necessary, the and section of this If connected the too It recommended that rearrange the to increase the of the off the that the and overheating. Allow wherever If the the or Performance From connected to the LPA-1 that the bass (tone turned surround which the bass to or the that the correctly If the options to where
that the wires connected correctly: that the of each to of the and the of each to If wired incorrectly, than of phase with the others, bass performance. DOUBLE CHECK ALL THE SPEAKER CONNECTIONS!! Turn-on and turn-off the un-switched AC and the with 3-12VDC from the or (such as the LMC-1 Preamplifi This should allow the to and off silently. If the of the sound the other to LPA-1), 110VAC outlet than the LPA-1 there ict. conditioning or AV123 the This than caused ground rather than the LPA-1. Follow these to isolate the of the there than to off including the LPA-1, disconnecting or connecting to off including the disconnecting or connecting troubleshooting. to of the outlet or the CD player, DVD outlet or This that the from the rating of the outlet or which from the and the This includes such as TV, TV, or top that they disconnected where they fi the they to the or the TV, or other If the caused the TV then ground isolator. This inexpensive fi with the feed. or purchased through AV123) Disconnect from the to TV, VCR or DVD. other which grounded cord. NOTE: the ground from cords This If the the from the back of the the the from cords. connecting to each and that the to the The to this to known the If the and the the or This cant physically the as the the internally.
Ground and If Although this the grounding ground isolators. This the rather than the Other of caused interference or AC there the or or connecting to another AC If the heard from within the LPA-1 and through the this caused interference the AC or DC The turn this interference or try the LPA-1 to another shelf. further from the TV, the the to the If high these to which other One or RED lights the Each RED light the or of the following: (Short DC the allowing to cool and on/off the front the of the and on/off the front DC that related and technical Please AV123 repeated causing the RED front light to that NOT thermal or related. with the whole A/V If with the LPA-1 Amplifier, please or AV123 US Distributor) professional These professionals years of with of and products and offer troubleshooting and rectifying AV123 Information) option www.av123.com
LPA-1 cations Rated 120VAC/ 60HZ supply, THD noted) (0.04%THD) (0.04%THD) (0.05%THD) (0.05%THD) Harmonic Distortion (THD): Reference) DC Factor: Approximately (RCA 47K VDC, of Clearance 115VAC when and
Warranty The LPA-1 created to years. of this and craftsmanship, offers the following warranty to of the LPA-1. warrants the LPA-1 to free from and workmanship of fi years from the of purchase. The following items from, or this warranty coverage: to the LPA-1 and to the LPA-1 caused or operation contrary to the instructions within this LPA-1 that the defaced, or to the LPA-1 from of, or attempted or authorized LPA-1 purchased from non-authorized of or to, associated or connected Service Assistance the LPA-1 Please that BEFORE LPA-1 MUST and authorization (R/A) contacting to the R/A process, please as of the and the which the Additionally, please to the troubleshooting this to the of something If purchased from AV123, please them R/A Please this and instances of the of or operation. and its whether or Once the R/A this clearly the of the it to from whom the LPA-1 once arrives. without R/A refused and freight If purchased from AV123, please them R/A AV123 Information) option www.av123.com Copyright Rights the right to to its products Therefore, the of the and the of this to If purchased directly from or from authorized please repairs with R/A to: TN. Reference R/A this
TN. EMO-TECH www.emotivaaudio.com Distributed Exclusively the US by: AV123 W. CO www.av123.com