SAFETY PRECAUTIONS NEC (National the (CATV) Grounding the House You Purchase and Specifications Inventory and and Considerations Connecting to Preamplifier (with (with and the the Phase Troubleshooting Sound Turnon and Turnoff Thumps Other of with the whole A/V Warranty Service Assistance Table of
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS this thoroughly to and the and instructions should of the and of the to this reference. the and this should followed. to The of the If the of that the services of professional. NEVER such as bathtub, or There of shock to and to the shock or death. This should location which The should from heat such as or other heat should only to supply as this or shown the located the back of the The should routed that high foot areas; and, of the should locations where heavy items or should where the the and the where the attaches to the The of the subwoofer should from the when of directly the should that the of the serviced only service The powersupply or the or or the or The to or The appear to normally or performance; or The or its The should to service the the this other servicing should to service The following
This the Class /Class (whichever from as the interference regulations of the of service, please 877EMOTECH WARNING: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. CAUTION: TO PREVENT ELECTRIC SHOCK, MATCH WIDE BLADE OF PLUG TO WIDE SLOT, FULLY INSERT. To shock, this with cord, or other the to Grounding or Precautions should that the grounding or of the defeated.
NEC (National the (CATV) This to the CATV to of the NEC that grounding and that the ground connected to the grounding of the building as to the of as Grounding the House If connected to the receiver, the grounded as to protection and builtup charges. of the National ANSI/NFPA information with to grounding of the leadin to to grounding and the grounding or grounding there the that or (mounted high the become and electrically to which connected. Additionally, grounding offers to the people the the of
Thank You Purchase! Were chose products performance and while and to and constructed from high and offer sound They incorporate advanced and and and and ready to products and know that earning and to every with and building that their own high and with and with the to customers and the the lowest hours of with purchase. to the family! Corporation
and to bass to theater and while allowing to and performance The the choice employing of the High efficiency Class amplifiers with High performance with assembly throw high BL and surround Sealed, front firing tight and Sophisticated performance Interchangeable or and RCA/Unbalanced input Rotary and Phase Compact, Specifications Typical Typical InRoom SPL: 3V Unbalanced 1.25V Phase high high
to the of to of The wear and tear, this The outer to the If the heavily or and concerned about to the please Technical the the securely seated to reinforced of highdensity At first the the the appearance of third easily to the which wrapped plastic. It recommended that the sheeting the subwoofer of the Inventory Included with should IEC Class cord, and this It to the and the boxes to or shipped servicing
MDF Critically braced and to reduce features inch thick booted mounts Mounts securely and reinforced and The high performance and acts nearly The reinforced with synthetic products, including strength, flexibility, and surround Precisely the assembly and termination to high The allows Threaded, interchangeable and Each with of threaded, interchangeable brushed and high The coupling to covered while the or from scratching. shows shown The and and other features the and
to or subwoofer with RCA/Unbalanced RCA/Unbalanced to or subwoofer with RCA/Unbalanced Both and with preamplifier/processor that RCA or together as input with preamplifiers/processors that or and right outputs. The the that through the to allows of or to through the subwoofer. of allows below and The higher the the the of that allowed to through the There right or the or or higher If that its the the the switch to BYPASS, allowing the preamplifier/processor to the NOTE: than recommended as phase or phase the band. Selector Selects the the from to preamplifier/processor with recommended that the to BYPASS and the the preamplifier/processor. with of which and as to or using the the the the subwoofer becomes integrated with This logarithmic, meaning as turned higher the or the the If using preamplifier/processor to the with the subwoofer the and then the or from there. and
Phase the phase of the subwoofer from to relative to the phase with the of the with the which with the other of phase to to from the sounding or to the other It the sound of the the bass; this appears to of physical from the other To the phase and properly the subwoofer with the Phase and higher to back and the and to This of the and the process. Switch the to from You the Switch While the subwoofer the switch to ON to the subwoofer to and OFF to to With the subwoofer the switch to AUTO. the from the preamplifier/processor, to this or three seconds). with the to The allows to CDs, without the off and repeatedly. IEC Switch The Switch located the of the of the the This switch as O (off) and (On). Turning the switch to the To the to the Switch to ON. about or of about of what light to indefinitely If from of the switch to
Considerations both balanced and XLR and to (from EMI and RFI to than RCA If with recommended that to the highest of immunity. please the following: the subwoofer turned off or ANY Whenever the cords from the or wires to or interference constructed, shielded, Connecting to input RCA/Unbalanced RCA/Unbalanced subwoofer to the balanced subwoofer the to the input the subwoofer RCA/Unbalanced the subwoofer Both RCA inputs. Either to input If using that and Right both to the subwoofer
This shows connected to UMC1 XPA5 shown, the right and surround The subwoofer the UMC1 the XPA5 and directly to the subwoofer NOTE: its amplifier, and to connected to another amplifier. to amplifiers to
Where as as of the or This the other and greatly the sound waves the and them. shelves, and other Proximity usually the this the inches or the to the right to Dont to as as and locations that and the and of the subwoofer the sound once location. If or that and the its location, through the /Phase the section) integrated sound. The below shows with and locations subwoofer It recommended that try these first, another location to A., B., C., and D. recommended locations.
and the If its recommended that them to the subwoofer. Turn the switch to BYPASS This the If preamplifier/processor the the To the and the subwoofer to or (with other connected to their respective amplifiers and Turn the subwoofer the MIN then the subwoofer to and the following Turn the switch to ON the to the highest With CD or other and of the the of the of the to that of the subwoofer the of the subwoofer sounds to (correct this to to the to numbers, to back and that the which through the and which to allows of or to through the The higher the the allowed to through. The highest the which allows beneath to through. the when the with the of The should to rather of the perfectly which relatively amount of bass from higher while that bass to choose You to both the and the subwoofer sounds properly integrated with to to ears, and of there You or than and what sounds to sound to others. the Phase that through this the and right! the Phase the to and back to the to its location, rather than of the somewhat disconnected from the of the If to the Phase to back and the correct, and the subwoofer the and sounds to
The of them that subwoofers. This becoming theater Action and greatly from that easily and comfortably the The subwoofer the of and right If would to or and subwoofer outputs. that initially Although sound waves cohesive, smooth, and the phase and identically, then the properly to If the somewhere the (other than relation to the first subwoofer), or using than with and phase becomes balanced, wellintegrated sound It with sounding theater and NOTE: that and phase the to the the themselves, instead of them to and using the or
Troubleshooting expertly and built to years of troublefree performance. that or that the and connected to the and The following information with other of If Sound (from or connected to the amplifier) The the subwoofer and Turn off and the switch or switch to that the Turnon and Turnoff Thumps the 115VAC outlet than the there conflicts. This than caused ground rather than the subwoofer. Follow these to the of the there than to off or connecting troubleshooting. to of the outlet or the CD DVD outlet or This that the from the rating of the outlet or which from the and the This includes such as TV, TV, or top that they where they the they to the or the TV, or other If the caused the TV then ground This inexpensive with the feed. or from the to TV, VCR or DVD. other which grounded cord. NOTE: the ground from cords This If the the from the back of the the
Ground and If Although this the grounding ground isolators. This the rather than the Other of caused interference or AC there the or or to another AC If the heard from within the amplifier, and through the this caused interference the AC or DC The this interference or the to another location. further from the TV, the the to the If high these to which other with the whole A/V If with the amplifier), please
Warranty offers the following warranty to owners of to from and workmanship of years from the of purchase. The following items from, or this warranty coverage: caused and If item that to please immediately. caused or operation to the instructions specified within this Units that the or from of, or attempted or authorized purchased from nonauthorized of or to, associated or connected Service Please that BEFORE MUST and authorization (RMA) to the RMA process, please as of the and the which the Additionally, please to the troubleshooting this to the of something instances of and and to however Once obtained the RMA this clearly the of the to from whom the once arrives. without RMA refused and freight Please repairs with RMA Southeast TN Reference RMA this 877EMOTECH www.emotiva.com Copyright Rights the right to to its products Therefore, the specifications of the and the of this to and the "E" of Corporation.