Introduction About This The Preparation and Specifications Troubleshooting Corporation Warranty Information Notes
Introduction Thank purchasing The with renowned the of years of research With the advanced features, and sound. of the of the the basic features, including low-resonance highs, smooth and bass performance, and sophisticated asymmetrical to Critically braced MDF finish, with attractive the The currently consists of to perfectly together or theater that sound than such as with as and to these as as them and them to The of to sound. If, however, and offers the of DSP The to perfectly the family of with them and the lowest and with authority and that with of sounding, reasonably priced, and The Team
About This This with the information to performance, sound, and years of service from that through the things as and as interesting information and If really to started, please the section then the of the You to or other purchase information the Notes the back of this
The of to performance and sound reasonable of the to perfectly together and features, including: low-resonance clear highs and perfectly integrated specially throw with butyl surrounds, and shorting to smooth low-distortion and bass performance sophisticated asymmetrical which and performance the including inductors, and throughout and high to sound as to match perfectly and with each other both and (If to or the DSP to with the of critically braced MDF hear the MDF front and of everywhere that fits with and protection and of high and and year warranty, with to products reasonable Additional of of the low-frequency and included Nested off-axis and terminals or You information about
and should reach If or other when them, please immediately. Gently from the and and directly the front of the or of the It to the and to or shipped to the factory service. Please It the to purchase warranty and to feedback and would to hear from
The shown the XRT-6.2 Tower) throw Low-diffraction Nested Rear
To the from to the If cant to hear sound, this section the basics to started. location the the plates with the included screws. If them the included). If the vertically (as or them shelves, or other locations. using to reduce and If as the (optional) offered The attractive, include to and to the finish, and offer the option of the slightly or the or shelves, or them to mounting of capacity. XRS Surrounds typically shelves or attached to or (using the included mounting to or really to to. While to the of the to learn about them.
Preparation the (XRT only) Tower with attractive base. The the Towers to and mounting the included choose to them. Tower owners to the bases. the with the facing the (with the of the with the countersunk from the and the four (included). If to the bases. (You or stick-on the corners If to or rough the included should the four the corners of the base. The and and (using the locking to the The should NOT finished or as they the If to the such purchase foot which to the or the with of (with
Attaching the mounting plate (XRS Surrounds only) The Surrounds wall-mounted the (and included) mounting The mounting plate attached to the with screws or screws then the back of the XRS Surround. NOT screw the screws the back of the the screw heads to the the You then the XRS the mounting the screw heads the XRS the the and seat locking the screws securely the the mounting as shown the below, with the of the and the from the (and towards You MUST least clearance the to allow the to Mounting XRS-4.1 Mounting Plate XRS-4.1
often performance, preference, and The following as to where to to the sound. that the location the that with both of the following about to and Positioning operation The to directly the (with the included and and should top of other or The Monitors, when applications, should vertically and symmetrically (with both offset or from the Ideally they should mounted with the approximately the ear height of the mounted vertically, the should or backward.) Positioning
The when or shelves height which the ear with the of the the and If to or higher than ear height, they sound slightly or If head mounting them the The Surrounds to as surround home-theater to background to areas. The Surrounds or attached to the (included) mounting offer smooth off-axis sound whether they to directly the or to directly One option which often shown the the the that they with the (the the to the each and the with both facing directly and with both offset the The following that might choose the location to symmetrical locations from and back walls) Facing the directly to sound that the directly the the sound focused the further or positioning the the the sound positioning the the the sound focused the least from front and and smooth to corners usually bass, often the of the bass and smooth If to the acoustically symmetrical from to (If something reflective, or the other. If absorptive with the If includes DSP (or please to the about and there right or and what
Positioning theater Although the to the home-theater than to where they located. surround-sound and slightly performance. to the surround information. and highly-localized information the Right and (front) The sound and of those therefore, the While surround of and match the of the to and cohesive sound there of the type of surrounds and they and this section which to each and where to them. Please these as and to what Neither should from what sounds to The Tower to directly the (with the included and and should top of other or They and Right The to both as (with Towers as front or as and Right where or mounting If them as and Right they should vertically and symmetrically (with both offset towards or from the Ideally they should mounted with the the ear height of the mounted vertically, the should or backward). If XRC as then mounted or below offers high the XRC when they mounted horizontally, which includes to to finish, and to the offsetting the upwards and the XRC upwards when below and offsetting the and the when mounting The as surrounds, which they mounter vertically or (If mount them mounting them shelves head height. You the optional to them the focused or the
The typically or shelves, height which the ear with the of the the and and as or as surrounds If to or below ear height, they sound slightly or If head mounting them The Surrounds to as surround home-theater to background to areas. The Surrounds shelves or attached to using the (included) mounting If includes DSP (or please to the about and there right or and what (XRT-6.2) Surround (XRS-4.2) Rear Surround (XRS-4.2) Positioning home-theater (XRC-6.2) Right (XRT-6.2) Right Surround (XRS-4.2) Right Rear Surround (XRS-4.2)
The the previous shows surround-sound XRT-6.2 Towers the and Right approximately with the with the offset the XRC-6.2 the the below the of the upwards, with the offset the top. The Towers slightly of the the three front with the XRS-4.1 Surrounds surround The Surrounds wall-mounted to the of the and the Rear Surrounds mounted near the the back of the the from the which and astounding of DSP (the they theater
Connecting to or Although the the following helpful: high-quality of reasonable or If thinner to the as as to both (or phase (the each to the to wires of and symmetrical of and the Right If to (from stray touching) offers high reasonable them the Interconnects section of www.emotiva.com) plate showing (REMOVE these or of shown) Bi-Wired AMPLIFIER SPEAKER CONNECTED AMPLIFIER SPEAKER REMOVED REMOVED AMPLIFIER Both connected to the SPEAKER AMPLIFIER
and offer these the high-frequency and low-frequency sections of the and of the sound offered or when each wires from the to the high-frequency and sections of the when to the high-frequency and section of each that the each section of the and the and hear sound when their This to when or thin wires required, and noticeable with and than with others. normally connected relatively amount of flows each section of the (usually to the low-frequency section). this from the to the and the flowing to each section of the the wire, which the the wire. when theres of bass, or the and Since the low-frequency of the typically operates higher than the high-frequency the and high typically the noticeable and of and high heavy bass flow from the to the high-frequency and low-frequency of the this interaction and the While the something that easily and (as as of wires). To the the from the input plate each (shown the and of to each then to each of input terminals the that both of wires connected phase (the wires from the the to the terminals both of the to the from the input of the when to of and to or both amplifiers incorrectly.
when amplifiers to the high-frequency and low-frequency section of each that sound quality. the each reduced, and both the amplification and the high-current the high-frequencies and the sound. The which that the each section of the and the and of amplifiers or four each the the input (shown the and to the high-frequency section, and another to the section. both each to the input the used). If four used, or used, recommended that they the Other they the of this If about Technical to to the from the input terminals of the when using to PROBABLY to or both amplifiers. with DO NOT the bass of or to the both each should THE SAME AUDIO SIGNAL. without subwoofer, both should the with that includes subwoofer, the the low-pass and BOTH each the high-pass the that
of the and to (although their low-frequency The Surrounds to as surround If using with bass and or choose that If using theater the should as and the Surrounds should as the other should or and which prompted, the Surrounds
and or Cleaning the and The of the should normally cleaned with with DO NOT directly or the and DO NOT or cleaners. Gently the with cleaning. If necessary, the with with to and then gently the with If something the or top of with of or other cleaning with and then with Cleaning the Cloth If necessary, the cloth to or type or using with that or the cloth. DO NOT of or cloth the and touching the with or of cleaning cloth or DO NOT to the or
Specifications XRT-6.2 Tower to Efficiency plated with clear covers) connected with or One front-oriented low-diffraction Crossover: type: asymmetrical and (each): high with base) (each; packaged): high (each;packaged): XRT-5.2 Tower to Efficiency plated with clear covers) connected with or One front-oriented, low-diffraction type: asymmetrical and (each): high with base) (each; high (each;packaged):
XRC-6.2 to Efficiency plated with clear covers) connected with or One front-oriented, low-diffraction Crossover: type: asymmetrical and (each): high (each; packaged): high (each;packaged): XRC-5.2 to Efficiency plated with clear covers) connected with or One Sealed acoustic Crossover: type: asymmetrical and (each): high (each; packaged): high (each;packaged):
XRM-6.1 to Efficiency plated with clear covers) One One front-oriented, low-diffraction type: asymmetrical and (each): high packaged): high (pair;packaged): XRM-4.1 to Efficiency plated with clear covers) One One front-oriented, low-diffraction type: asymmetrical and (each): high Weight (each;net):
XRS-4.1 Surround to Efficiency plated with clear covers) One One front-oriented Surround type: Crossover: type: asymmetrical and (each): high packaged): high (pair;packaged):
Troubleshooting The and using high-quality to of trouble-free operation. Its with things should try: from that hasnt become or shorted that the to that, with surround-sound and with of or (usually from front that connected phase (red/plus from each should connected to red/plus each If or connected incorrect phase, the usually and of bass. Surround connected of phase with other and Right should phase with each other. of surrounds (both surrounds or both surrounds) should phase with each other they of phase with other sound or sound from that the isnt shorted, or If that they and tightly the that connecting the to sound or sound from or that connecting the to If the please Technical (where to 877-EMO-TECH through
Corporation Warranty Corporation its products to from and/or workmanship and and malfunctioning products this warranty when the operation and warranty service, the to headquarters with of of purchase This warranty that the examination of the This warranty to which subjected to installation, or where the or and/or This warranty rights. This warranty freely the of the warranty The warranty products the factory or to, or of software or the covered. or service, where reasonable to the software and releases, recovery or of software or the serviced originally included the Customers rights, which from to or from country to country. the that of this warranty prohibited, or superseded the The Corporation warranty of years from of purchase the Warranty, please Corporation Corporation SE Court The WILL NOT service or without Authorization (RMA) Please to (RMA)
Information 877-EMO-TECH through information, and Customer service related Technical or service www.emotiva.com Corporation Customer Service Southeast TN To items purchased through warranty or MUST 1-877-EMO-TECH to Authorization (RMA) NOT they RMA clearly indicated the of the ALL or and should to Customer Service RMA the You about the and Technical to
high-quality that the sound and from offers high-quality that quality, performance, and reasonable them the Interconnects section of positioning offers high the when they mounted which includes to to finish, and to the The finished and match the perfectly.
Notes