Precautions NEC (National the (CATV) Grounding the House Thank You BPA-1 Purchase Unpacking the BPA-1 Recording the BPA-1 Amplifier Professional Amplifier Rear Bridged Bridged Chained BPA-1 Amplifiers Troubleshooting Sound (from or connected to the BPA-1) The unexpectedly Performance From connected to the BPA-1 Turn-on and turn-off the Other of with the whole A/V BPA-1 Technical Specifications Warranty Service Assistance the BPA-1 of
Precautions this thoroughly to and the BPA-1 Amplifier. the and operation instructions should of the and of the BPA-1 plifier, to this reference the BPA-1 Amplifier and these operating instructions should lowed. to and free installation. The of the If with the of to to the services of NEVER the BPA-1 Amplifier such as bathtub, or There of shock to and to the shock or death. The BPA-1 Amplifier should that its location or with The BPA-1 Amplifier should or that or built-in such as bookcase, or closed that the flow of through If closed installations, to forced that The BPA-1 should from heat such as or other which heat. The BPA-1 Amplifier should connected to only of the type this and what the BPA-1 supply cords should routed that they high foot or pinched items or them, to cords the and the where they the BPA-1 Amplifier. The of the BPA-1 Amplifier should from the when of clean- the BPA-1 Amplifier, should cleaned as this directly the should that the of the BPA-1 Amplifier. The following BPA-1 Amplifier serviced service The power-supply or the or or the or The BPA-1 to or The BPA-1 appear to normally or The BPA-1 or its or chassis performance; or
The user should to service the BPA-1 Amplifier the this other servicing should to service To shock, this with cord, or other outlet the to Grounding or Precautions should that the grounding or of the defeated. This the Class (whichever from as the interference of the of ATTENTION edicts service, please EMO-TECH www.emotivaaudio.com If purchased through AV123 and service please AV123 W. www.av123.com CO WARNING TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT CAUTION: TO PREVENT ELECTRIC SHOCK, MATCH WIDE BLADE OF PLUG TO ATTENTION: POUR EVITER LES CHOCS ELECTRIQUES, INTRODUIRE LA LAME LA PLUS LARGE DE LA FICHE DANS LA BORNE CORRESPONDANTE DE LA PRISE ET EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. WIDE SLOT, FULLY INSERT. POUSSER JUSQUAU FOND.
NEC (National the (CATV) This to the CATV to of the NEC that grounding and that the ground nected to the grounding of the building as to the of as Grounding the House If connected to the receiver, the grounded as to protection and built-up charges. of the National ANSI/NFPA information with to grounding of the lead- to to and the below. or grounding there the that or (mounted high the become and electrically to which connected. Additionally, grounding offers to the people using the the of
Thank You BPA-1 Purchase Thank purchasing the BPA-1 Amplifier. sincerely that offers performance and products and with the high- and incorporate the think the BPA-1 or The BPA-1 specifically theater to its to ratio and It and subwoofers. The chassis or These the that normally such, allows to BPA-1 as and right front BPA-1 as and right (surround) and third BPA-1 allows the of the connected together to high to something (with BPA-1) or and right (with BPA-1s). The BPA-1 as subwoofer with With switch the OFF it amplifier, when switched to LOWPASS, function as subwoofer amplifier. The the BPA-1 Amplifier obtained industry and rigorous QC testing process. The BPA-1 Amplifier specially to with rated of least
Unpacking the BPA-1 The BPA-1 Amplifier should reach If or other the please immediately. Gently the and the and It to the and the BPA-1 to or shipped back to the factory service. that It the to establish the of Warranty and Please to and the Customer Recording the Please the located the and below. the where purchased this and the of purchase. of Purchase of Purchase BPA-1
BPA-1 Amplifie Professional Amplifier Audiophile or Active from Bridgeable and (Bridged Plated RCA and Chain with input Thermal, Short and Protection turn-on and front switch on/off THD than with to Ratio IEC VAC to AC) This the the BPA-1 to match the with other the Switch This manually the BPA-1. the this the LEVEL POWER
Rear Cooling Thermally cooling to the amplifiers thermal the operation. IEC Can converted to and right Bridged and Right Bridged the LOWPASS this the RCA and and outputs. plication input or through Switch the switch LOWPASS with subwoofer or FLAT operation. Switch the switch to or MONO tion. ON Switch the ON the front switch of the BPA-1 to the amplifier. the AUTO the front switch of the BPA-1 and the with the of
This shows the BPA-1 connected to The switch the FLAT This shows typical of the BPA-1 and right This or whenever the the assembled Bridged This shows the BPA-1 connected to subwoofer The LEFT input the input the and from or The switch the LOWPASS should around and once the as the of the other The should than This shows typical of the BPA-1 This or the of that This each You this This You MUST with of the
Bridged This shows BPA-1 amplifiers connected to each The switch the FLAT The RCA that each the LEFT RCA input the amplifier. The LEFT input the input the The should than This allows the and increases the each This shows typical of with each This to that instead of You would roughly this Chained BPA-1 Amplifiers This shows BPA-1 amplifiers Chain the LINE OUT RCA through the BPA-1 to other BPA-1 amplifiers. Based the amplifiers the first or operation. Its to the amplifiers first the and then off to the when BPA-1 amplifiers. This shows typical of This shelf and to the This each You MUST with of the This each the You this This the You MUST with of the
Troubleshooting The BPA-1 expertly and built to years of trouble-free performance. that usually or that the and connected to the and The following information with of If Sound (from or connected to the BPA-1) Turn off and the and the and The the concerned. the switch or or that or the surround sound when expecting surround sound. turned off the the to The AUTO/ON switch the BPA-1 might the ON the switch off. the switch. within the blown. The the BPA-1 turned The unexpectedly that the and wires shorted together. that shorted internally. If the wires and the the and If the reading than ohms, using with too OR they electrically shorted. Measure and their specifications. If the too It recommended that rearrange the to increase the of the off the amplifier. that the and overheating. Performance From connected to the BPA-1 that the bass (tone turned surround which the bass to or the that the correctly If the options to where that the wires connected correctly. that the of each to of the BPA-1 amplifier, and the of each to of the BPA-1 amplifier. If incorrectly, than of phase with the others bass Turn-on and turn-off the un-switched AC and the AUTO of the switch the back of the plifier. This allow the to and off silently.
the This than caused ground rather than the BPA-1. Follow these to isolate the of the there than to off including the BPA-1, or connecting to turn off including the amplifier, or connecting troubleshooting. to of the or the CD DVD outlet or This that the from the rating of the or Disconnect which from the and the This includes such tions as TV, TV, or top that they disconnected where they first the they to the or the TV, or other If the caused the TV then ground This inexpensive with the feed. or Disconnect from the to TV, VCR or DVD. other which grounded cord. the ground from This If the the from the back of the the the from cords. connecting to each and that the to the The to this to known the If the and the the or This cant physically the as the the internally. Ground and from Although this the grounding ground isolators. This the rather than the Other of caused interference or AC there the or or connecting to another AC If the heard from within the BPA-1 and through the this caused interference the AC or DC The this interference shelf or try the BPA-1 to another shelf. further from the TV, the the to the If high efficiency these to which other with the whole A/V If with the BPA-1 amplifier), please or AV123 US Distributor) These professionals years of with of and products and offer troubleshooting and rectifying AV123 Information) option www.av123.com
BPA-1 Technical Specification Rated (Bridged) Harmonic Distortion (THD): with Ratio: Reference) Turn On Turn Shorted Clearance 115V (Can to (including
Warranty The BPA-1 created to years. of this and craftsmanship, offers the following warranty to owners of the BPA-1. warrants the BPA-1 to free from and workmanship of years from the of purchase. The following items from, or this warranty coverage: to the BPA-1 caused and to the BPA-1 caused or contrary to the instructions specified within this BPA-1 that the or to the BPA-1 from of, or attempted or authorized BPA-1 purchased from non-authorized of or to, associated or connected Service Assistance the BPA-1 Please that BEFORE BPA-1 MUST and authorization (R/A) to the R/A process, please as of the and the which the Additionally, please to the troubleshooting this to the of something If purchased from AV123, please them R/A Please this and instances of the of or operation. and its whether or Once obtained the R/A this clearly the of the to from whom the BPA-1 once arrives. without R/A refused and freight If purchased from AV123, please them R/A AV123 Information) option www.av123.com Copyright Rights the right to to its products Therefore, the specifications of the and the of this to If purchased directly from or from authorized please repairs with R/A to: TN. Reference R/A this
TN. EMO-TECH www.emotivaaudio.com Distributed Exclusively the US by: AV123 W. CO www.av123.com