STEREO USERS GUIDE
NEC (National the (CATV) Grounding the House Thank You UPA-2 Purchase the UPA-2 Inventory Recording the UPA-2 Amplier Professional Watt Amplifier Rear and AC Considerations Physical Considerations Considerations Sound Connecting Preamp/Processor to UPA-2 12V and of
Technical about Troubleshooting Sound (from or to the The often or the often Performance From connected to the Turn-on and turn-off the Other of One or RED lights the with the whole A/V UPA-2 Technical cations Warranty Service Assistance the UPA-2 UPA-2) UPA-2
Precautions this thoroughly attempting to and the UPA- Amplifier. the and instructions should of the and of the UPA-2 Amplifier, to this reference the UPA-2 Amplifier and these operating instructions should followed. to and free The of the If with the of to to the services of professional. NEVER the UPA-2 Amplifier such as bathtub, or There of shock to and to the shock or death. The UPA-2 Amplifier should that its location or with The UPA-2 Amplifier should or that or built-in such as bookcase, or closed that the flow of through If closed installations, to forced that The UPA-2 Amplifier should from heat such as or other which heat. The UPA-2 Amplifier should connected to supply of the type this and what the UPA-2 supply cords should routed that they high foot or pinched items or them, to cords the and the where they the UPA-2 Amplifier. The of the UPA-2 Amplifier should from the when of cleaning the UPA-2 Amplifier, should cleaned only as recommended this directly the should that the of the UPA-2 Amplifier. The following UPA-2 Amplifier serviced only service The power-supply or the or or the or The UPA-2 to or The UPA-2 appear to normally or The UPA-2 or its or chassis performance; or
The should to service the UPA-2 Amplifier the this other servicing should to service To shock, this with cord, or other outlet the to Grounding or should that the grounding or of the defeated. This the Class (whichever from as the interference of the of ATTENTION edicts service, please EMO-TECH EMO-TECH EMO-TECH www.emotiva.com WARNING TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT CAUTION TO PREVENT ELECTRIC SHOCK, MATCH WIDE BLADE OF PLUG TO ATTENTION POUR EVITER LES CHOCS ELECTRIQUES, INTRODUIRE LA LAME LA PLUS LARGE DE LA FICHE DANS LA BORNE CORRESPONDANTE DE LA PRISEET EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. WIDE SLOT, FULLY INSERT. POUSSER JUSQUAU FOND.
NEC (National the (CATV) This to the CATV to of the NEC that grounding and that the ground connected to the grounding of the building as to the of as Grounding the House If connected to the receiver, the grounded as to protection and built-up charges. of the National ANSI/NFPA information with to grounding of the to to grounding and the grounding below. or grounding there the that or (mounted high the roof) become and electrically to which connected. Additionally, grounding offers to the people the the of
Thank You UPA-2 Purchase Enthusiast, Thank purchasing the UPA-2 Amplifier. sincerely that it offers performance and products and with the highest and incorporate the think the UPA-2 or The UPA-2 high performance amplifier. It performance, ease of and flexibility. employing the UPA-2 easily to high the as as of This allows to and without and high effects. Whats the UPA-2 with exceptionally and sound that the The UPA-2 of leading technologies and the to the expected of high amplifier. The UPA-2 At that creating products that they should easy to while performance.
Unpacking the UPA-2 The UPA-2 Amplifier should reach If or other the please immediately. Inventory Included with UPA-2 should IEC Class cord, and this Please to the items there the Gently the and the and This heavy, please to or to the amplifier. It to the and the UPA-2 to or shipped back to the factory service. that It the to establish the of Warranty and Recording the Please the located the rear and it below. the where purchased this and the of purchase. of Purchase of Purchase UPA-2
UPA-2 Professional Amplifier Audiophile Quality Amplifier of Amplification 300VA Complementary, incorporating high high ON and Completely to Ratio than reference THD rated protected from Soft Soft switch 2RU chassis with IEC VAC LED The front LED lighting to the of the UPA-2. NO LED Amplifier OFF BLUE LED Normal Operation FLASHING RED LED Condition Troubleshooting section Switch This switch the ON/OFF of the UPA-2 from the front the off and the switch switching accomplished with the input the back using 5-12VDC These the UPA-2 as as isolation.
Rear RCA These input each the UPA-2. the input to or other and to Minimum,the output;when to of and match the of the other Emotive Amplifiers.(Note:Loop Remote Turn On This activation of the other This directly with the products and If building and outer shield Remote Turn On (input) This input activation of the UPA-2. This directly with the and If building and outer shield Switch This switch the the UPA-2. the ON the turned from the front switch or with the input input These the outputs. The or or to polarity when connecting and that the wires and This IEC It that this to
and AC Considerations that the outlet of supplying the and specified to account the that other they or The of household other than the and DVD players and other items. both of the the UPA-2 of or It should to allow the other such as and A/V to amplifiers such as the UPA-2 and TV or should SEPARATE SEPARATE the UPA-2 that nearly please other DO NOT the UPA-2 or the specifically and rated high to A/V and owners to learn the the UPA-2 with the front switch or input (switch the to ON), the front LED lighting off seconds and then to This the functioning normally and ready operation. If LED light or LED light while the (otherwise) operation, please to the troubleshooting section of this Physical the UPA-2 Please the weight the four Please this cooling when placing. If this please that the rear to fresh and there least inches of the and inch each If the located the amplifiers If the rear, DC (such as those to flow and of the NOT the the UPA-2. The UPA-2 with This that induce turntable with NOT directly or directly to the UPA-2. the UPA-2 shelf,verify that the of the shelf or The heavy and should the of to the top heavy.
Considerations Whenever from cords least inches. It with amplifiers as the AC carrying than other and which there of or with the proximity. Considerations The each of the UPA-2 with industry spacing. These because of the which the the The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and It to polarity that the to the and terminals the and the terminals the that the wires the wires, or chassis This and the protection Sound please the following: the UPA-2 turned off or ANY the from the or wires to or interference heard the RCA type patch tight and there usually of them off. to with twisting action. or the of UPA-2, the themselves, or other to If this the the with arrows the of It the right RCA patch to and the to white, or the brand). RCA that with to the
Connecting Preamp/Processor using to UPA-2 connecting the to the please
Connecting Preamp/Processor to UPA-2 VCR or DVR CD or DVD or DAT LMC-2 UPA-2
12V The VDC shown to the when the UPA-2 to another amplifier,when actually with switched DC from VDC (The 12VDC MAX); however, the of theater VDC this function. This the as the of reliability. switch anything that directly the with this This action the and VOID THE WARRANTY. The each located the of the UPA-2. The top of each the and to the (red) of The of each the and to the of of the the UPA- of each The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and this rated to below This
and than to of the brand), the which the impacted the Additionally, with apply to this reactions from the which they to the amplifier. The of than to the and the the If than there which to or established when connected to theres to and to flow to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the The input of the to the input of the The input of the to the of the right The of found their together. four the than as the higher than established when connected that there to flow and to flow connected the the proportionally based the of each The divided of the together SMALLER than each to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the and to the of the and to the of the of SERIES of PARALLEL
The of the right to the input of the and to the of the and The of found the of the of four four four). NOT RECOMMENDED the UPA-2! the UPA-2 below recommended heat and eventually the protection the front of the the than as the to and the to them. Ideally, the should than You that the the to overheat, the or If this should reduce the of wired them or than amplifier. Technical about Although there this that with type that of the type and these the installation. of and/or used, there other acoustic that to the amplifiers If please as to as
Troubleshooting The UPA-2 expertly and built to years of trouble-free performance. that checking or that the and connected to the and The following information with of If Sound (from or connected to the UPA-2) Turn off and the and the and The the concerned. the switch or or that or the surround sound when expecting surround sound. off the the to If the the ON/OFFswitch the UPA-2 might the off internal the The often or the that the and wires shorted together. that shorted internally. If the wires and the the and Measure and their If necessary, the and section of this If connected the too It recommended that rearrange the to increase the of the off the that the and overheating. Allow wherever If the closed the or Performance from connected to UPA-2 that the bass (tone turned surround which the to or the that the correctly If the options to where
that the connected correctly: that the of each to of the and the of each to If incorrectly, than of phase with the others, bass performance. DOUBLE CHECK ALL THE SPEAKER CONNECTIONS!! Turn-on and turn-off the un-switched AC and the with 5-12VDC from the or (such as the LMC-1 Preampli This should allow the to and off silently. If the of the sound the other connected to UPA-2), 115VAC outlet than the UPA-2 there ict. the This than caused ground rather than the XPA-1. Follow these to isolate the of the there than to off including the or troubleshooting. to of the outlet or the CD DVD outlet or This that the from the rating of the outlet or Disconnect which from the and the This includes such as TV, TV, or top that they where they the they to the or the TV, or other If the caused the TV then ground This inexpensive with the feed. or from the to TV, VCR or DVD. other which grounded cord. NOTE: the ground from This If the the from the back of the the the from cords. to each and that the to the The to this to known the If the and the the or This cant physically the as the the internally.
Ground and If Although this the grounding ground isolators. This the rather than the Other of caused interference or AC there the or or connecting to another AC If the heard from within the UPA-2, and through the this caused interference the AC or DC The this interference or the UPA-2 to another shelf. further from the TV, the the to the If high these to which other One or RED lights the Each RED light the or of the following: (Short DC the allowing to and on/off the front the of the the front DC that and on/of repeated related and technical Please causing the RED front light to that NOT thermal or related. with the whole A/V If with the UPA-2 amplifier), please UPA-2 professional These professio of and products years of with and offer troubleshooting and rectifying
UPA-2 Technical cations Rated 115VAC/ 60HZ supply, THD noted) (0.04%THD) (0.04%THD) Harmonic Distortion (THD): Reference) DC Factor: Approximately (RCA 23.5K VDC, of 12VDC, Clearance 115VAC when and
Warranty The UPA-2 created to years. of this and craftsmanship, offers the following warranty to owners of the UPA-2. warrants the UPA-2 to from and workmanship of years from the of purchase. The following items from, or this warranty coverage: to the UPA-2 caused and to the UPA-2 caused or operation to the instructions within this UPA-2 that the defaced, or to the UPA-2 from of, or attempted or authorized UPA-2 purchased from non-authorized of or to, associated or connected the charges incured to or from charges the responsiability of the the to of service. Service Assistance the UPA-2 Please that BEFORE UPA-2 MUST and authorization (R/A) to the R/A process, please as of the and the which the Additionally, please to the troubleshooting this to the of something Please this and instances of the of or operation. and its whether or Once obtained the R/A this clearly the of the to from whom the UPA-2 once arrives. without refused and freight Copyright Rights the right to to its products Therefore, the of the and the of this to If purchased directly from or from authorized please repairs with R/A to: TN Reference R/A this R/A
TN EMO-TECH www.emotiva.com