USERS GUIDE
Precautions NEC (National the (CATV) Grounding the House Thank You IPS-1 Purchase.........................7 Unpacking the IPS-1..................................................8 Recording the IPS-1 Integrated Amplifier..............9 Integrated Professional Amplifier IPS-1 Features.....................................10 Selector Amplifier IPS-1 Rear ID RCA Turn On Selector Switch Switch IEC Cord and AC Considerations Considerations..........................................13 Considerations.......................................14 of the Cooling Fan(s)..........................14 Sound.....................................14 12V and Technical about TABLE OF CONTENTS
IPS-1 Applications.....................................................19 and Amplification................................................................................. You The The The Surround Surround Location Troubleshooting Sound (from or connected to the IPS-1) The often or the Performance From connected to the IPS-1... Turn-on and turn-off the Other of One or RED lights the On Technical Specifications.........................................28 Warranty Service Assistance the IPS-1...........................................................................
this thoroughly attempting to and the IPS-1 Amplifier. the and operation instructions should of the and of the IPS-1 Amplifier, to this reference the IPS-1 Amplifier and these operating instructions should followed. to and free installation. The of the If with the of it to to the services of professional. The IPS-1 Amplifier should NEVER such as bathtub, or The IPS-1 Amplifier should that its location or with The IPS-1 Amplifier should or that or built-in such as bookcase, or closed that the of through If closed installations, to forced that The IPS-1 Amplifier should from heat such as or other which heat. The IPS-1 Amplifier should connected to supply only of the type this and what the IPS-1 supply cords should routed that they high foot or pinched items or them, to cords the and the where they the IPS-1 Amplifier. The of the IPS-1 Amplifier should from the outlet when of cleaning the IPS-1 Amplifier, should cleaned only as recommended this directly the should that the of the IPS-1 Amplifier. The following IPS-1 Amplifier serviced only service The power-supply or the or or the or The IPS-1 to or The IPS-1 appear to normally or performance; or The IPS-1 or its or chassis
The should to service the IPS-1 Integrated Amplifier the scribed this other servicing should to service To shock, this with cord, or other outlet the to fiche Grounding or Precautions should that the grounding or of the defeated. This the Class (whichever from as the interference regulations of the of ATTENTION edicts service, please TN EMO-TECH WARNING TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO CAUTION: TO PREVENT ELECTRIC SHOCK, MATCH WIDE BLADE OF PLUG ATTENTION: POUR EVITER LES CHOCS ELECTRIQUES, INTRODUIRE LA LAME LA PLUS LARGE DE LA FICHE DANS LA BORNE CORRESPONDANTE NOT EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. TO WIDE SLOT, FULLY INSERT. DE LA PRISE ET POUSSER JUSQUAU FOND.
NEC (National the (CATV) This to the CATV to of the NEC that and that the ground connected to the grounding of the building as to the of as Grounding the House If connected to the receiver, the grounded as to protection and built-up charges. of the tional ANSI/NFPA information with to grounding of the lead-in to to grounding and the grounding below. TV and should grounded BEFORE the of the house.
Thank You IPS-1 Purchase Dear Enthusiast, Thank purchasing the IPS-1 Amplifier. sincerely that offers performance and products and with the highest and incorporate the technology. think the IPS-1 or The IPS-1 high performance amplifier. It performance, ease of and flexibility. employing the IPS-1 easily to while the as as of This allows to and without and high effects. Whats the IPS-1 with exceptionally and sound that the The IPS-1 of leading and the features to the expected of high Integrated Amplifier. The IPS-1 Integrated Amplifier that allows to and of with (each as board chassis). This of than or amplifiers. At that creating products that they should easy to while performance.
Unpacking the IPS-1 The IPS-1 Amplifier should reach If or other the please immediately. Gently the and the and It to the and the IPS-1 to or shipped back to the factory service. that It the to establish the of Warranty and useful Please to and the Customer Recording the Please the located the rear and below. the where purchased this and the of purchase. IPS-1 of Purchase of Purchase
IPS-1 Integrated Amplifier Integrated-Modular Amplifier Completely Each features 250VA, high rectifiers and ESR 105C High efficiency Class and allows cool and operation Complementary, incorporating high high RCA outputs on/off THD than with DC than ANY than ESR, 105C rated high and Doubled through, FR4 throughout with ounce sections and ground and tinted protected from Soft turn-on or VDC Soft switch 3RU chassis IEC
IPS-1 This the to the IPS-1 or off. It to turn this and off each the IPS-1 used. the AUTO ON/OFF MODE switch the when from or (such as The TRIGGER MODE the when (such as VDC input the Selector This selects the brightness of the lighting the front of the IPS-1. The four each secutively the other. The four of brightness High OFF Pressing the PANEL DIM repeatedly through each of bright- ness. Amplifier This LED tinted shows of of the the IPS-1. BLUE LIGHT and ready. AMBER LIGHT ation or RED LIGHT This or of the (Short DC the the Troubleshooting Section the there NO LIGHT The
IPS-1 Rear RCA The IPS-1 RCA input each this to the RCA to to the The terminals each located below the RCA input and ID The top of each the and to the (red) of The of each the and to the of The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating nection. and ID The IPS-1 with to as apply the that to the to this and I/O or troubleshooting
Turn On Selector Switch This switch allows to the turn and off. the ON the switch the front of the the to and the amplifier. Please that this ration, manually and the each or the SIGNAL the whenever of the The active the of to account of or and the the TRIGGER (Down) the ON and OFF from or The VDC and turn the whenever there the This the activating the IPS-1. This allows the to turned ON and OFF such as or It with The VDC This the of activating the IPS-1. Turn On Selector Switch This the supply of the IPS- chassis. It TL15AL type rated 15A V. If the to with the type and rated Switch This switch should the ON of the IPS-1 amplifier. from this to switch the off without to cords. IEC Cord The IPS-1 with which the AC which correctly with the and supply the IPS-1. this directly AC
and the following when choosing location IPS-1: Protect from prolonged to sunlight and other of heat, such as heating and the to or If or should the immediately off the and to or heavy top of the If to the front first off the and then cloth, with the to scratch the AC Considerations that the outlet of supplying the and specified to account the that other they or The of household other than the and DVD players and other items. connected to the IPS-1 of or It should to allow the other such as and A/V to amplifiers such as the IPS-1 and TV or should SEPARATE SEPARATE the IPS-1 that please other DO NOT the IPS-1 or the specifically and rated high to A/V and owners to learn the Considerations from cords least inches. Its with amplifiers as the AC cords carrying than other and which there of or with the proximity.
Considerations The each of the IPS-1 with industry spacing. These of the which the the The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and It to polarity that the to the and the and the the that the the wires, or chassis This and the protection The IPS-1 the such fashion to allow heat to off of the and through the top of the chassis. allow fresh to of the heated While the of the each board installations to inches the top of the IPS-1 chassis that supported. Furthermore, to another below the as that heat to through the IPS-1. Sound please the following: the IPS-1 turned off or ANY the from the or wires to or interference heard the RCA type patch cords tight and there usually of them off. to with twisting action. or the of IPS-1, the themselves, or other to If this the the with the of flow. It the right RCA patch to and the to white, or the brand). RCA that with to the
If RCA outputs, easily connected to the as shown. The the to that the wires the wires, or chassis This and the protection The VDC shown to the when the This the of activating the IPS-1. Alternatively, the amplifiers SIGNAL switch The then when received.
12V The VDC shown to the when the This actually with switched DC from VDC, however the of theater VDC this function. This the nection as the of reliability. switch that directly the with this This action the and VOID THE WARRANTY. If to the to the IPS-1, alternatively the amplifiers SIGNAL switch The then tomatically when received. The each located below the RCA input and ID The top of each the and to the (red) of The of each the and to the of of the the IPS- of each The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and The and turn-on switch located the top right of the back to each of the IPS-1 chassis
and than to of the brand), the which the impacted the Additionally, with apply to this reactions from the which they to the amplifier. The of than to the and the the If than there which to or established when connected to theres to flow and to to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the first The input of the first to the input of the The input of the to the output of the right The of found their four the than nections as the higher than of SERIES
established when connected that there to and to flow connected the the proportionally based the of each The of the together SMALLER than each to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the first and to the of the The of the right to the input of the first and to the of the The of found the of the of four four the than as the to and the to them. Ideally, the should than You that the the to overheat, the or If this should reduce the of wired them or than amplifier. Technical about Although there this that with type that of the type and these the installation. of and/or used, there other acoustic that to the amplifiers If please as to as of PARALLEL
IPS-1 Applications and Amplification This shows the IPS-1 with the MMC-1 preamplifier/processor and If to the IPS-1 ideally this CD with and DVD shown as to the Obviously, the might To HDMI the TV
You this section thoroughly. There of which aesthetically pleasing to that sound The of as as the While there about the where theater choose of within that to the sound of the Ultimately, this when theater and IPS-1. the front where the sound directed ear This that the themselves or higher in-wall or as as the sound pointed the and around ear This the with the or the each of the sections the to the installations, the positioning of the to the as as to each other there with
LEFT, CENTER, and RIGHT from the If TV, the should than from the of the TV. If the and right the height (within This smooth when sound from to Ideally, the should than from the and walls, to reduce reflections that might the If than this, sound such as the to reduce reflections. the than or below the front the front of the to the front of the TV (The sound waves otherwise off the top of the TV and the used; of the TV. they the sound that exactly the The You should closely follow the of with the of the The and right front should that TV exactly them. This the the the should exactly the and from as the right It recommended that to them to the within about inch The from the positioning of theater and ears should the of the The top, or directly the TV, as as located the and off to Ideally would to from the of the of than This the or higher than to the of the LEFT and RIGHT MAIN
Locations them, these the walls, to the fronts. You them towards You should surround or (such as Direct the without with the clarity and of the the front and right Surround Locations OR they directly the of as effects or surround positioning the based the surround the the or the or the (as the indicates). the they directly the reflections from the or the the the of the rear that guish the sound as from the from Surround Locations which and from the and right front they as as surround If as the should to the SIDE-AXIS ON or OFF. the to the typical of the that appear to suspended where the Another appears the the of the Wherever The Surround each surround to from and them least or ear The to the shows the of surround These to the of They ate forwards and backwards and (the of the which should towards the The that hear the sound from the surround
Surround surround back These of surround playback of EX, and DTS ES. Ideally, the surround should of the and as the surround and to smooth sound field. Location waves of the bass the that offers to the front the should locations The location found of tones (or with heavy bass and proceeding with the following easy process: the subwoofer right the seat of or You then the through or the of CD directly low-level inputs. Turn the turning the CD, then the tones or with heavy bass around the the where might to the this usually the corners of the locations to the front Although normally with their internal (rather than the IPS-1), know least subwoofer such, to that the of the other connected to the IPS-1 Amplifier. typically sounds with least of to to the wavelengths of high-frequency sounds, they interact strongly with the and of wave- that wave the usually the the sound to interact with the allowing
the subwoofer the Notice where the the bass from the subwoofer sounds the things and the subwoofer there. This the the The sound the when If subwoofer to sound when near the front (often the that to the built specifically theater While front Left/Center/Right shielding when theater shielded and the too If to this input the to If anywhere the too to the and should from the the phase with This that where the location the and to the phase that sound arrives to the the as the other Ideally, sound the what the subwoofer to the of the the bass. This what the tone or bass around the and where the the performance. Thats where subwoofer
Troubleshooting The IPS-1 expertly and built to years of trouble-free performance. that or that the and connected to the and The following information with of If Sound (from or connected to the IPS-1) Turn off and the and the and The or The the concerned. the switch or or that or the surround sound when expecting surround sound. turned off the the to The Auto/on/off switch the IPS-1 might the OFF to that the ON/OFF switch the back of the the ON The the blown The often or the often that the and wires shorted together. that shorted internally. If the wires and the the and If the reading than ohms, the or too Measure and their specifications with the IPS-1 characteristics. If connected the too It recommended that rearrange the to increase the of the off the amplifier. that the and overheating. Allow neath wherever If the closed the or
Performance From connected to the IPS-1 that the (tone turned surround which the bass to subwoofers or the that the correctly If subwoofer, the options to where that the wires connected correctly: that the of each to of the amplifier, and the of each to If wired incorrectly, than of phase with the others, bass performance. this the fighting the other rather than combining. Turn-on and turn-off the AC and the SIGNAL of the switch the back of the amplifier. This allow the to turn and off silently. the This than caused ground rather than the IPS-1. Follow these to isolate the of the there than to off including the IPS-1, or to off including the amplifier, or troubleshooting. to of the outlet or the CD DVD outlet or This that the from the rating of the or which from the and the This includes such as TV, TV, or top that they where they first the they to the or the TV, or other If the caused the TV then ground isolator. This inexpensive with the feed. or Disconnect from the to TV, VCR or DVD. other which grounded cord. NOTE: the ground from cords This If the the from the back of the the the from cords. to each and
that the to the The to this to known the If the and the the or This cant physically the as the the internally. both and as as the that those You Although this the grounding ground isolators. This the rather than the Other of caused interference or AC there the or to another AC If the heard from within the IPS-1 and through the this caused interference the AC or DC The turn this interference shelf or try the IPS-1 to another shelf. further from the TV, the the to the If high efficiency these to which other One or RED lights the On Each RED light the or of the following: (Short DC the allowing to cool and on/off ton the front the of the and on/off the front DC that related and technical Please repeated causing the RED front light to that NOT thermal or related. other please
Specifications Rated @120VAC THD 150W RMS THD 140W RMS THD 200W RMS THD Ohms: 175W RMS Stable to to Ratio (Un-weighted): Distortion (THD): Factor: (1.7V >20K 5-24VDC DC than ANY or 240VAC, (At Chassis 3RU chassis
Warranty to and products the and theater enthusiast. IPS-1 Integrated Amplifier crafted to years. of this and craftsmanship, offers the following warranty to owners of the IPS-1. warrants the IPS-1 to free of and workmanship of FIVE YEARS from the of purchase. The following items from, or this warranty: to the IPS-1 caused and to the IPS-1 caused or operation contrary to the instructions specified within this IPS-1 that the or to the IPS-1 from of, or attempted or authorized IPS-1 purchased from non-authorized of or to, associated or connected Service Assistance the IPS-1 Please that BEFORE IPS-1 MUST and turned authorization (RMA) contacting to the please as of the and the which the Additionally, please to the troubleshooting this to the of something Please this and instances of the of or operation. and its whether or Once obtained the RMA this clearly the of the to from whom the IPS-1 once arrives without RMA refused and freight Please repairs with RMA to: TN Reference RMA this
Copyright Corporation Rights the right to to its products Therefore, the specifications of the and the of this to
TN EMO-TECH