SAFETY PRECAUTIONS NEC (National the (CATV) Grounding the House Thank You Purchase Amplifiers Amplifier Unpacking Amplifier Inventory UPA1 UPA2 UPA5 UPA7 and AC Considerations Physical Placement/Heat Considerations Considerations Considerations Sound Preamp/Processor and Technical about Amplifiers of Table of
Troubleshooting Sound (from or connected to the amplifier) The often or the often Performance From to the Turnon and turnoff thumps the Other of One or RED lights the with the whole A/V TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS UPA1 Specifications UPA2 Specifications UPA5 Specifications UPA7 Specifications Warranty Service Assistance
Precautions this thoroughly attempting to and Amplifier. the and instructions should operation of the and of the amplifier, to this reference the and this Operation should followed. to The of the If the of that the services of professional. NEVER amplifiers such as bathtub, or There of shock to and to the shock or death. This should location which The should or other that of the should the closed that through the the amplifier. Should choose to the closed to forced to The should from heat such as or other heat amplifiers should connected to supply as this or shown the located the back of the amplifier. The should routed that high foot areas; and, of the should locations where heavy items or should where the the and the where the to the Amplifier. The of the should from the outlet when of directly the should that the of the amplifier. Amplifier serviced service The following other servicing should to service Amplifier appear to normally or performance; or Amplifier or its or chassis should to service the Amplifier the this The powersupply or the or or the or The Amplifier to or
To shock, this with cord, or other the to rounding or Precautions should that the or of the defeated. This the Class /Class (whichever from as the interference of the of service, please EMOTIVA 877EMOTECH www.emotiva.com WARNING: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. CAUTION: TO PREVENT ELECTRIC SHOCK, MATCH WIDE BLADE OF PLUG TO WIDE SLOT, FULLY INSERT.
NEC (National the (CATV) This to the CATV to of the NEC that grounding and that the ground connected to the of the building as to the of as Grounding the House If connected to the receiver, the grounded as to protection and builtup charges. of the National ANSI/NFPA information with to grounding of the leadin to to grounding and the grounding or grounding there the that or (mounted high the become and electrically to which connected. Additionally, grounding offers to the people the the of
You Purchase Were chose products performance and amplifiers performance, ease of and with ideas to amplifiers that easily while as as and without and highlevel effects and with sound that the amplifiers built of with warranty and phone ready to products and know that earning and to with the of building that their own high and with enthusiasts, with the the the to hours of with purchase. to the family! Corporation
Amplifiers what offering and amplifiers industryshaking of when they heard the to their sound when to receiver, of with amplifier. fact, to their receivers ratings, that amplifiers ohms), and thats They higher, and clarity with. UPA1 and amplifier, the UPA1 owning both and Loaded with the UPA1 ohms), and features input with the sound from amplifiers. combining with UPA2, UPA5 or UPA7. or with UPA1s, of please the ear and UPA2 with enough footprint bookshelf, with enough to the might this to XPA2, the that of showoff. It easily with and receivers with The UPA2 office, or choice surround and of ohms, ohms. UPA5 and UPA7 or Thats the these amplifiers. The UPA7 slightly to the the sound quality, and performance the closely matched. The with the with the These amplifiers high performance that what when properly. choices first purchase, or as of A/V the UPA5 and UPA7 of or applications. ohms, ohms.
Amplifier Features: Audiophile performance and sound High supply Advanced operating Complementary, incorporating high high On and Completely to Ratio than THD rated protected from Soft Soft switch duty, chassis IEC VAC with or which reporting inflated life, this when This or PMPO). the amount of that amplifier/receiver without this the reason of the of the and the than the these ratings THD, thought the industry THD. This people to higher and higher of amplifiers because they the and amplifiers rated tested with with the specifications, and of amplifiers to industry with the the loads. This that the and other specifications the (or from amplifiers. higher then what rated. The this: These amplifiers and sound to. Were to offer performance to match the of the amplifiers.
Unpacking Amplifier amplifiers to the of and arrive to The wear and tear, this The outer to the If the heavily and concerned about to the amplifier, please Technical the the securely seated to reinforced of highdensity At first the the the appearance of third easily to the amplifier, which wrapped free plastic. The sheeting the and securely taped. It recommended that the sheeting the from the The of to tightly the amplifier, there recessed each allowing to the and of the These amplifiers HEAVY! with Inventory Included with should IEC Class cord, and this amplifiers insulated and grounded to that completely shielded, insulated and grounded. It to the and the to or shipped servicing
The of UPA7 shown Although there within the amplifiers and faceplates), the features the and LED LED The front LED lighting to the of the amplifier. NO LED Amplifier OFF BLUE LED Normal FLASHING RED LED Condition Troubleshooting section The back of each LED Selector which the off. Switch This switch the ON/OFF of the from the front the off and the switch switching accomplished with the input the back 512V DC On Amplifier Supports: the or from amplifier. to and the from the these allowing the cooling.
Selector turned and off with this selector. RCA /Unbalanced RCA input that to RCA or Unbalanced/Balanced Selector turned the RCA (unbalanced) input chosen and active. turned the input chosen and active. XLR XLR input that to XLR output or These wire, or to polarity when and that the wires and the UPA1 to both and both terminals to to the and terminals and to and the Potentially or with the turned amplifiers 115V or 230V. The detected when the turned and the lights. There the to the Remote The UPA1 another and turn, remotely another from or other connected to the input the and with the first Another (CD amplifier, to this using the both and outputs. If building and outer shield Switch This switch the the amplifier. it the ON the turned manually from the front switch or with the input input this switch should the and to with the front STANDBY or activation through the UPA1
STANDBY the front the amount of this than light would If of than off to the with the switch the back of the amplifier. IEC
Selector turned and off with this selector. (Right) RCA input that to RCA or This the of the UPA2. This recommended when the of the UPA2 the of other amplifiers the You the UPA2 to and right and AV the of The of the UPA2 higher than the receiver, causing the to sound of the to this turning counterclockwise sounds integrated. One RCA input that to RCA or These wire, or to polarity when connecting and that the wires and One These wire, or to polarity when connecting and that the wires and Potentially or with the turned amplifiers 115V or 230V. The when the turned and the lights. There the to the Remote The UPA1 another and turn, another from or other connected to the input the and with the first Another (CD amplifier, to this using the Switch This switch the the amplifier. the ON the turned manually from the front switch or with the input input this switch should leaving the and to with the front STANDBY or activation through the UPA2
STANDBY the front the amount of this than light would If of than off to the with the switch the back of the amplifier. IEC
Selector turned and off with this selector. Inputs These RCA input that to RCA of or Three One Switch This switch the the amplifier. the ON the turned manually from the front switch or with the input input this switch should the and to with the front STANDBY or activation through the STANDBY the front the amount of this than light would If of than off to the with the switch the back of the amplifier. The UPA5 remotely another and turn, remotely another from or other connected to the input the and with the first Another (CD amplifier, to this the These wire, or or to polarity when connecting and that the wires and UPA5
Three One Potentially or with the turned IEC amplifiers 115V or 230V. The when the turned and the lights. There user the to the
Selector turned and off with this selector. Inputs These RCA input that to RCA of or Three One Switch This switch the the amplifier. the ON the turned manually from the front switch or with the input input this switch should the and to with the front STANDBY or activation through the STANDBY the front the amount of this than light would If of than off to the with the switch the back of the amplifier. The UPA7 remotely another from or other connected to the input the and with the first These wire, or or to polarity when and that the wires and UPA7
Terminals Three One Potentially or with the turned IEC amplifiers 115V or 230V. The detected when the and the lights. There the to the
and AC Considerations The of household other than the and which to amplifier. to account the that other they or DVD players, and A/V items, and with amplifier, TVs and usually that nearly to the owners of to If relating to with the amplifier, please Protection with builtin with overcurrent, and protection. with the front switch or input (switch the rear to ON), the front LED lighting off seconds and then to This the functioning normally and ready operation. If LED light or LED light while the (otherwise) operation, please to the troubleshooting section of this Physical /Heat Considerations amplifiers cooling, which effective and completely operating cool to heat should account with the four If or shelf, please that there and there least inches of free the and inches each If DC (such as those to around the If the located board the amplifiers NOTE: and of the amplifiers heat clicking sound This relative to the heat become and they cool. This completely and concern. NOT the the amplifier. with This field that induce turntable with NOT directly or directly to the amplifier. the shelf, that the bearing capacity of the shelf or The heavy and should the of to the top
Considerations High shielded RCA or XLR recommended with amplifiers. Twisted recommended. amplifiers high and twisted, nonshielded actually as interference and (EMI and RFI), which the to from cords least inches. Amplifier AC cords carrying than other and which there of or with the proximity. Considerations The each of amplifiers with industry spacing. These of the which the the The wire, or that and them, creating and It to polarity that the to the and terminals the and the the Also, that the wires touch the wires, or chassis This and the protection Sound please the following: the turned off or ANY Whenever the cords from the or wires to or interference heard the RCA type patch cords tight and there usually of them. to with action. or the of amplifier, the themselves, or other to If this the the with arrows indicating the of flow. It the right RCA patch to and the to white, or the brand). RCA that with to the
UPA7
Preamp/Processor with The the UPA7 to UMC1 Processor/Preamplifier. which own, and The UPA7 shown as The shows surround connecting the RCA/Unbalanced the to the RCA/Unbalanced inputs the amplifier. that each the UPA7 switched to RCA/Unbalanced the Balanced/Unbalanced Selectors. If the match the type, the the to the and that The the as follows: LS Surround), C LBS Surround), (Right), RS (Right Surround), SW and RBS (Right Surround). the from the to the to to each You to the to front With RCA/Unbalanced the L to the input Then, the terminals from to front this to the and If processor/preamplifier outputs, the used. switch selectors to and the the and the each of the amplifier. Surround LS Surround) and RS (Right Surround) used, and LBS Surround) and RBS (Right Surround) LBS and RBS included. the the the (shown as directly to the This that the its amplifier. If the subwoofer amplifier, the would first to the input of the amplifier, then to the
and Whenever than to amplifier, the which the impacted the Additionally, with apply to this reactions from the which they to the amplifier. The of than the warmer. the If than there which to and established when connected to theres only to and to flow to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the first The input of the first to the input of the The input of the to the of the right The of found their together. fourohm the than as the higher than of SERIES
established when connected that there to flow and to flow connected the the proportionally based the of each The of the together SMALLER than each to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the first and to the of the The of the right to the input of the first and to the of the The of found the of the of fourohm four four). Twoohm NOT RECOMMENDED! below recommended heat and eventually the the front of the the than as the to and the to them. Ideally, the should than You that the the to overheat, or If this should reduce the of wired them or than amplifier. Technical about Although there this that with type that of the type and these the installation. of and/or used, there other acoustic that to the amplifiers If please as to as of PARALLEL
Troubleshooting amplifiers expertly and built to of troublefree performance. that usually or that the and to the and NOTE: turning the first to The Balanced/Unbalanced selectors each (located the back If the selection match the the that selecting the type of the The and LED selectors the back If these the off the and light. The following information with other of If Sound (from or connected to the amplifier) Turn off and the the and The the concerned. the switch or that or the surround when expecting surround sound. turned off the the to switch to that internal the The often or the often that the and wires shorted together. that shorted internally. If the wires and the the and and their specifications. If necessary, the and section this If connected the too It recommended that rearrange the to increase the off the amplifier. the and overheating. Allow wherever If the closed rack, the rear or
Performance from that the bass (tone turned surround which the bass to or the that the correctly If subwoofer, the options to where that the wires connected correctly: that the of each to of the amplifier, and the of each to the If wired incorrectly, then of phase with the others, bass performance. DOUBLE CHECK ALL THE SPEAKER CONNECTIONS!! Turnon and Turnoff Thumps the unswitched AC and the with 512VDC from the or This should allow the to and off silently. If the of the sound the other connected to the amplifier), 115VAC than the there conict. the This than caused ground rather than the amplifier. Follow these to isolate the of the there than to off including the or troubleshooting. to of the or the CD DVD outlet or This that the from the rating of the outlet or which from the and the This includes such as TV, TV, or top that they disconnected where they the they to the or the TV, or other If the caused the TV then ground This inexpensive with the feed. or from the to TV, VCR or DVD. other which grounded cord. NOTE: the ground from cords This If the the from the back of the the the from cords. to each and that the to the The to this to known the If the and the the or This cant physically the as the the internally.
and If Although this the ground This the rather than the Other of caused interference or AC there the or or connecting to another AC If the heard from within the amplifier, and through the this caused interference the AC or DC The this interference or the to another shelf. further from the TV, the the to the If high efficiency these to which other One or RED lights the Amplifier with Protect to the of to or If detected, the following the light(s). Each RED light the or of the following: (Short DC the allowing to cool and on/off the front the of the and on/off the front DC that related and technical Please repeated causing the RED front light to that NOT thermal or related. with the whole A/V If with the amplifier), please
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS: UPA1 of Topology High Short Path Class A/B RMS THD) RMS THD) to with than rated Broadband to Amplifier to Ratio Unbalanced 300VA Secondary Devices:
UPA2 of Topology High Short Path Class A/B RMS THD) RMS THD) to with than rated Broadband to Amplifier to Ratio 300VA Secondary Devices:
UPA5 of High Short Path Class A/B output RMS THD) RMS THD) to with than rated Broadband to Amplifier to Ratio 600VA Secondary Devices:
UPA7 of High Short Path Class A/B RMS THD) RMS THD) to with than rated Broadband to Amplifier to Ratio 850VA Secondary Devices:
Warranty offers the following warranty to owners of Amplifiers: to free from and workmanship of years from the of purchase. The following items from, or this warranty coverage: caused and If item that to please immediately. caused or contrary to the instructions specified within this Units that the defaced, or from of, or attempted or authorized purchased from nonauthorized of or to, associated or connected Service Assistance Please that BEFORE MUST and authorization (RMA) to the RMA process, please as of the and the which the Additionally, please to the troubleshooting this to the of something instances of and and to however Once obtained the RMA this clearly the of the to from whom the once arrives. without RMA refused and freight Please repairs with RMA Southeast TN Reference RMA this 877EMOTECH www.emotiva.com
Copyright Rights the right to to its products Therefore, the specifications of the and the of this to and the "E" of Corporation.