USERS GUIDE
Precautions NEC (National the (CATV) Grounding the House Thank You MPS-1 Purchase.......................9 Unpacking the MPS-1..............................................10 Recording the MPS-1 Amplifier Professional Amplifier MPS-1 Features...................................12 Selector Amplifier MPS-1 Finished Rear XLR Inputs.............................................................................................. Unbalanced RCA Inputs......................................................................................... Turn On Selector Switch IEC Cord and of the EPM-300 Required........................................................................................................ the EPM-300 the to the MPS-1 Chassis the EPM-300 Completing the EPM-300 MPS-1 Accessories Black Mount Hardware........................................................................ AC Considerations Considerations..........................................19 Considerations.......................................19 of the Cooling Fan(s)..........................20 TABLE OF CONTENTS
Sound.....................................20 Unbalanced 12V and Technical about You The The The Surround Surround Location Troubleshooting Sound (from or connected to the MPS-1) The often or the Performance From to the MPS-1. Turn-on and turn-off the Other of One or RED lights the On Technical Specifications.........................................34 Warranty Service Assistance the MPS-1.........................................................................
Precautions this thoroughly attempting to and the MPS-1 Amplifier. the and operation instructions should of the and of the MPS-1 Amplifier, to this reference the MPS-1 Amplifier and these operating instructions should followed. to and free installation. The of the If with the of to to the services of The MPS-1 Amplifier should NEVER such as bathtub, or The MPS-1 Amplifier should that its location or with The MPS-1 Amplifier should or that or built-in such as bookcase, or closed that the flow of through If closed installations, to forced that The MPS-1 Amplifier should from heat such as or other which heat. The MPS-1 Amplifier should connected to only of the type this and what the MPS-1 supply cords should routed that they high foot or pinched items or them, to cords the and the where they the MPS-1 Amplifier. The of the MPS-1 Amplifier should from the when of cleaning the MPS-1 Amplifier, should cleaned as recommended this directly the should that the of the MPS-1 Amplifier. The following MPS-1 Amplifier serviced only service The power-supply or the or or the or The MPS-1 to or The MPS-1 appear to normally or performance; or The MPS-1 or its or chassis
The should to service the MPS-1 Amplifier the this other servicing should to service To shock, this with cord, or other outlet the to fiche Grounding or Precautions should that the grounding or of the defeated. This the Class (whichever from as the interference of the of ATTENTION edicts service, please TN EMO-TECH If purchased MPS-1 from AV123, please them directly service or technical tions. They reached or WARNING TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO CAUTION: TO PREVENT ELECTRIC SHOCK, MATCH WIDE BLADE OF PLUG ATTENTION: POUR EVITER LES CHOCS ELECTRIQUES, INTRODUIRE LA LAME LA PLUS LARGE DE LA FICHE DANS LA BORNE CORRESPONDANTE NOT EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. TO WIDE SLOT, FULLY INSERT. DE LA PRISE ET POUSSER JUSQUAU FOND.
NEC (National the (CATV) This to the CATV to of the NEC that grounding and that the ground connected to the grounding of the building as to the of as Grounding the House If to the receiver, the grounded as to protection and built-up charges. of the tional ANSI/NFPA information with to grounding of the lead-in to to grounding and the grounding below. TV Dish and should grounded BEFORE the of the house.
Thank You MPS-1 Purchase Enthusiast, purchasing the MPS-1 Amplifier. sincerely that offers performance and products and with the highest and incorporate the think the MPS-1 or The MPS-1 high perfornmance It performance, ease of and flexibility. employing the MPS-1 easily to high the as as of This allows to and without and high effects. Whats the MPS-1 with exceptionally and sound that the The MPS-1 of leading technologies and the features to the functions expected of high Amplifier. The MPS-1 Amplifier that allows to and of with easy-to-use chassis. This of than or At that creating products that they should easy to while performance.
the MPS-1 The MPS-1 Amplifier should reach If or other the please immediately. Gently the and the and It to the and the MPS-1 to or shipped back to the factory service. that It the to establish the of Warranty and Please to and the Customer Recording the Please the located the and below. the where purchased this and the of purchase. MPS-1 of Purchase of Purchase
MPS-1 Amplifier Professional Amplifier Audiophile to and 350VA, high rectifiers and of High efficiency Class and allows cool and operation Complementary, incorporating high high (using EPM-300 EPM-300 EPM-300 completely integrated XLR and RCA on/off THD than with DC than ANY than quality, ESR, 105C rated high and Doubled sided, plate through, FR4 throughout with ounce sections and ground and tinted protected from with mounted, assisted cooling Soft turn-on or VDC Soft switch field with the of four screws Black finished included, as ears professional installations with indirect, with IEC VAC
MPS-1 This the to the MPS-1 or off. It to this and off each the MPS-1 used. the AUTO ON/OFF MODE switch the when from or (such as The TRIGGER MODE the when (such as VDC input the Selector This selects the brightness of the lighting the front of the MPS-1. The four each consecutively the other. The four of brightness High OFF Pressing the PANEL DIM repeatedly through each of bright- ness. Amplifier This LED tinted shows activity of of the the MPS-1 amplification BLUE LIGHT and ready. AMBER LIGHT and or RED LIGHT This or of the (Short DC the the Troubleshooting Section the there NO LIGHT The the or the and the chassis
MPS-1 Finished Rear to the MPS-1, the first the chassis. Please the Unbalanced RCA The MPS-1 RCA input each this to the RCA to to the XLR The MPS-1 XLR input each this to the XLR to to the If choice, the XLR whenever Balanced offer anced RCA On the XLR the as follows: Ground The terminals each located below the balanced XLR input The top of each the and to the (red) of The of each the and to the of The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and
Turn On Selector Switch This switch allows to the and off. the ON the switch the front of the the to and the amplifier. Please that this ration, manually and the each or the SIGNAL the whenever of the The active the of to account of or the TRIGGER (Down) the ON and OFF from or The VDC and the whenever there the This the activating the MPS-1. This allows the to turned ON and OFF such as or It with The VDC This the of activating the MPS-1. Turn On Selector Switch This the supply of the MPS- chassis. It TL15AL type rated 15A, V. If the to with the type and rated This the supply of the MPS-1 chassis. It TL15AL type rated 15A, V. If the to with the type and rated IEC Cord The MPS-1 with which the AC which rectly with the and specified the MPS-1. this directly AC
and the following when choosing location MPS-1: Protect from prolonged to sunlight and other of heat, such as heating and the to or If or should the immediately off the and to or heavy top of the If to the front first off the and then cloth, with the to scratch the of the EPM-300 The MPS-1 shipped without the EPM-300 that the to The to however this straight and You screwdriver to this Once the of the and to the and wires to the MPS-1. the EPM-300 You should MPS-1 of three boxes. The MPS-1 chassis of the boxes. The other the EPM-300 with and the other with of the with the MPS-1 chassis. Unpack each EPM-300 the instructions, then with the touching of the or the cooling as the EPM-300
the to the MPS-1 Chassis the EPM-300 from the which the top and as as which the front and back. The top while the bot- It that the that the the top and with the the MPS-1 chassis. The front of the that the chassis AC and board while the back of the where the RCA/XLR and EPM-300 the that the VAC the country which the MPS-1. These should correctly the tory the of testing and (Top) EPM-300 The back of the MPS-1 chassis where the EPM-300 installed. clarity, the EPM- shown of the
the EPM-300 CAUTION: the MPS-1 chassis NOT CONNECTED to the of the Gently the and the Once screws to the the MPS-1 chassis. Insertion of the smooth and easy and force. If force the and of the Excessively forcing the to the or this installation. The when the back of the MPS-1 chassis. Completing the EPM-300 Once the to the MPS-1 chassis with four screws (provided). The screw the back should to threaded the MPS- chassis. and the screws, then with the of Once the of completed, the CHANNEL I.D. to each easy the should somewhat easy the correctly. to the of the the with the the MPS-1. There MPS-1 Chassis
MPS-1 The MPS-1 Amplifier with that the theme. Black The MPS-1 with attractive finish. this to the allow the MPS-1 to the Although them, they included the to chooses. To clean the finish, cloth with and them Then cloth to and the to its chemicals the Chemical cleaners the of the Mount the the chooses to mount the MPS-1 mount the mount ears included. To the MPS-1 mounting the following completed. The This accomplished the four screws each The four of the MPS-1 chassis This accomplished screw directly the of the foot screws attached the front of the the mount ears to the the screws provided. mounting to from the and/or rear of the to the chassis. the MPS-1 At least AND below the chassis allow fresh to around the
AC Considerations that the of supplying the and specified to account the that other they or The of household other than the and DVD players and other items. of the the MPS-1 of or It should to allow the other such as and A/V to amplifiers such as the MPS-1 and TV or should SEPARATE SEPARATE the MPS-1 that please other DO NOT the MPS-1 or the specifically and rated high to A/V and owners to learn the Considerations The MPS-1 both RCA and balanced XLR inputs. You choose or the other each connected. You XLR with RCA or RCA with XLR There internal the RCA and XLR inputs. from cords least inches. Its with amplifiers as the AC carrying than other and which there of or with the proximity. Considerations The each of the MPS-1 with industry spacing. These of the which the the The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and
It to polarity that the to the and terminals the and the terminals the that the wires the wires, or chassis This and the protection of the Cooling Fan(s) Each the MPS-1 with cooling to operating the off. The becomes when to cool the of The of the increase as the increases. The off when the cools to Sound please the following: the MPS-1 turned off or ANY the cords from the or wires to or interference heard the RCA type cords tight and there usually of them off. to with action. or the of MPS-1, the themselves, or other to If this the the with arrows the of flow. It the right RCA patch to and the to white, or the brand). RCA that with to the If the to which the MPS-1 balanced XLR the MPS-1s XLR instead of RCA type patch cords. rejection of and required.
Unbalanced If RCA outputs, connected to the as shown. The the to that the wires the wires, or chassis This and the protection The VDC shown to the when the This the of activating the MPS-1. Alternatively, the amplifiers SIGNAL switch The then when received.
If XLR connected to the as shown. The the to The overwhelming of the XLR that there rejection the RCA type that the wires the wires, or chassis This and the protection The VDC shown to turn the when the This the of activating the MPS-1. Alternatively, the amplifiers SIGNAL switch The then when received.
12V The VDC shown to the when the This actually with switched DC from VDC, however the of theater VDC this function. This the nection as the of reliability. switch that directly the with this This action the and VOID THE WARRANTY. If to the to the MPS-1, alternatively the amplifiers SIGNAL switch The then tomatically when received. The terminals each located below the XLR input The top of each the and to the (red) of The of each the and to the of of the the MPS- of each The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and The and turn-on switch located the top right of the back of the MPS-1 chassis to each
and than to of the brand), the which the impacted the Additionally, with apply to this reactions from the which they to the amplifier. The of than to the and the the If than there which to or established when connected to theres to flow and only to to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the first The input of the first to the input of the The input of the to the of the right The of found their together. four the than nections as the higher than of SERIES
established when connected that there to and to connected the the proportionally based the of each The of the together SMALLER than each to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the first and to the of the The of the right to the input of the first and to the of the The of found the of the of four four the than as the to and the to them. Ideally, the should than You that the the to overheat, the or If this should reduce the of wired them or than amplifier. Technical about Although there this that with type that of the type and these the installation. of and/or used, there other acoustic that to the amplifiers If please as to as of PARALLEL
You this section thoroughly. There of which aesthetically pleasing to that sound The of as as the While there about the where theater choose of within that to the sound of the Ultimately, this when theater and MPS-1. the front where the sound directed ear This that the themselves or higher in-wall or as as the sound pointed the and around ear This the with the or the each of the sections the to the installations, the positioning of the to the as as to each other there with
LEFT, CENTER, and RIGHT from the If TV, the should than from the of the TV. If the and right the height (within This smooth when sound effects from to Ideally, the should than from the and walls, to reduce reflections that might the If than this, sound such as the to reduce reflections. Whenever the than or below the front the front of the to the front of the TV (The sound waves otherwise off the top of the TV and the used; of the TV. they the sound that exactly the The You should closely follow the of with the of the The and right front should that TV exactly them. This the the the should exactly the and from as the right It recommended that to them to the within about inch The from the positioning of theater and ears should the of the The top, or directly the TV, as as located the and off to Ideally would to from the of the of than This the or higher than to the of the LEFT and RIGHT MAIN
Locations them, these the walls, to the fronts. You them towards You should surround or (such as Direct the without with the clarity and of the the front and right Surround Locations OR they directly the of as or surround positioning the based the surround the the rear or the or the (as the indicates). the they directly the reflections from the or the the the of the that guish the sound as from the from Surround Locations which and from the and right front they as as surround If as the should to turn the SIDE-AXIS ON or OFF. the to the typical of the that appear to suspended where the Another appears the the of the Wherever The Surround each surround to from and them least or ear The to the shows the of surround These usually to the of They ate forwards and backwards and (the of the which should the The that hear the sound from the surround because
Surround additional surround back These of surround effects playback of EX, and DTS ES. Ideally, the surround should of the and as the surround and to smooth sound field. Location waves of the bass the that offers to the front the should locations The location subwoofer found of tones (or with heavy bass and proceeding with the following easy process: the right the seat of or You then the through or the outputs of CD directly low-level inputs. Turn the turning the CD, then the tones or with heavy around the the where might to the this usually the corners of the locations to the front Although normally with their own internal (rather than using the MPS- know least subwoofer such, to that the of the other connected to the MPS-1 Amplifier. subwoofer typically sounds with least of to to the of high-frequency sounds, they interact with the and of wave- that wave the usually the the sound to interact with the allowing
the the Notice where the the bass from the sounds the things and the there. This the the The sound the when If subwoofer to sound when the front (often the that to the built specifically theater While front shielding when theater shielded and the too If to this input the to If anywhere the too to the and should from the the phase with This that where the location the subwoofer and to the phase that sound arrives to the the as the other Ideally, sound the what the to the of the the bass. This what the tone or bass around the and where the bass the performance. Thats where subwoofer
Troubleshooting The MPS-1 expertly and built to years of trouble-free performance. that or that the and to the and The following information with of If Sound (from or connected to the MPS-1) Turn off and the and the and The the concerned. the switch or or that or the surround sound when expecting surround sound. turned off the the to Phantom. The Auto/on/off switch the MPS-1 might the off the blown or the within the The often or the often that the and wires shorted together. that shorted internally. If the wires and the the and If the read- than ohms, the internal Measure and their specifications. If connected the too It recommended that rearrange the to increase the of the off the amplifier. that the and overheating. Allow neath wherever If the closed the rear or Performance From connected to the MPS-1 that the bass (tone turned surround which the bass to or
the that the correctly If the options to where that the wires connected correctly: that the of each to output of the amplifier, and the of each to If wired incorrectly, than of phase with the others, bass performance. If connected the the XLR inputs, that the XLR wired rectly. If the and and then this to of phase. Turn-on and turn-off the un-switched AC and the SIGNAL of the turn switch the back of the amplifier. This allow the to and off silently. the This than caused ground rather than the MPS-1. Follow these to the of the there than to off including the MPS-1, or connecting If XLR them because they offer greater immunity to to off including the amplifier, or troubleshooting. to of the or the CD player, DVD outlet or This that the from the rating of the outlet or which from the and the This includes such as TV, TV, or top that they disconnected where they first the they to the or the TV, or other If the caused the TV then ground This inexpensive with the feed. or purchased through AV123) from the to TV, VCR or DVD. other which grounded cord. NOTE: the ground from cords This If the the from the back of the the the from cords. connecting to each and
that the to the The to this to known the If the and the the or This cant physically the as the the internally. Ground and You Although this the grounding ground isolators. This the rather than the Other of caused interference or AC there the or or connecting to another AC If the heard from within the MPS-1 and through the this caused interference the AC or DC The this interference or the MPS-1 to another shelf. further from the TV, the the to the If high efficiency these to which other One or RED lights the On RED light the or of the following: (Short DC the allowing to cool and on/off ton the front the of the and on/off the front DC tion that related and technical Please AV123 repeated causing the RED front light to that NOT thermal or related.
Technical Specifications EPM-300 Rated Ohms: 200W RMS 300W RMS Stable to to Ratio (Un-weighted): Distortion (THD): Factor: (1.7V >20K 5-24VDC DC than ANY XLR Negative 120VAC, 4200W (At EPM-300 Chassis 5RU chassis EPM-300 MPS-1 Chassis
Warranty to and products the and theater MPS-1 Amplifier crafted to years. of this and craftsmanship, offers the following warranty to owners of the MPS-1. warrants the MPS-1 to free of and workmanship of FIVE YEARS from the of purchase. The following items from, or this warranty: to the MPS-1 caused and to the MPS-1 caused or to the instructions specified within this MPS-1 that the or to the MPS-1 from of, or attempted or authorized MPS-1 purchased from non-authorized of or to, associated or Service Assistance the MPS-1 Please that BEFORE MPS-1 MUST and turned authorization (RMA) to the process, please as of the and the which the Additionally, please to the troubleshooting this to the of something Please this and instances of the of or operation. and its whether or Once obtained the RMA this clearly the of the to from whom the MPS-1 once arrives without RMA refused and freight Please repairs with RMA to: TN Reference RMA this
Copyright Corporation Rights the right to to its products Therefore, the of the and the of this to
TN EMO-TECH www.emotiva.com