USERS GUIDE
Precautions NEC (National the (CATV) Grounding the House Thank You RPA-1 Purchase Unpacking the RPA-1 Inventory Recording the RPA-1 RPA-1 Reference Amplifier Audiophile Amplifier RPA-1 Rear and AC Considerations Physical Considerations Considerations Sound Connecting Preamp of Preamp XLR of Preamp RCA Connecting of and High Pass) 12V and Technical about The Location Table of
Troubleshooting Sound (from or connected to the RPA-1) The often or the often Performance From connected to the RPA-1 Turn-on and turn-off the Other of RED light the front from to RED light the front with the whole RPA-1 Technical Specifications Warranty Service Assistance the RPA-1
Precautions this thoroughly to and the RPA-1 Amplifier. the and operation instructions should operation of the and of the RPA-1 Reference Amplifier, to this reference the RPA-1 Reference Amplifier and these operating instructions should followed. to and installation. The of the If with the of to to the services of professional. The RPA-1 Amplifier should NEVER such as bathtub, or The RPA-1 Amplifier should that its location or with The RPA-1 Amplifier should or that or built-in such as bookcase, or closed that the flow of through If installations, to forced that The RPA-1 Amplifier should from heat such as or other which heat. The RPA-1 Amplifier should connected to supply only of the type this and what the RPA-1 supply cords should routed that they high foot or items or them, to cords the and the where they the RPA-1 Amplifier. The of the RPA-1 Amplifier should from the outlet when of cleaning the RPA-1 Amplifier, should cleaned only as this directly the should that the of the RPA-1 Amplifier. The following RPA-1 Amplifier serviced only service The power-supply or the or or the or The RPA-1 to or The RPA-1 appear to normally or performance; or The RPA-1 or its or chassis The should to service the RPA-1 Amplifier the this other servicing should to service
To shock, this with cord, or other outlet the to fiche Grounding or should that the grounding or of the defeated. This the Class (whichever from as the interference of the of ATTENTION edicts service, please TN EMO-TECH WARNING TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO CAUTION: TO PREVENT ELECTRIC SHOCK, MATCH WIDE BLADE OF PLUG ATTENTION: POUR EVITER LES CHOCS ELECTRIQUES, INTRODUIRE LA LAME LA PLUS LARGE DE LA FICHE DANS LA BORNE CORRESPONDANTE NOT EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. TO WIDE SLOT, FULLY INSERT. DE LA PRISE ET POUSSER JUSQUAU FOND.
NEC (National the (CATV) This to the CATV to of the NEC that grounding and that the ground connected to the grounding of the building as to the of as Grounding the House If connected to the receiver, the grounded as to protection and built-up charges. of the National ANSI/NFPA information with to of the lead-in to to and the grounding below. or grounding there the that or (mounted high the become and electrically to which connected. Additionally, grounding offers to the people the the of
Thank You RPA-1 Purchase Dear Enthusiast, Thank purchasing the RPA-1 Reference Amplifier. sincerely that offers performance and and with the highest and incorporate the think the RPA-1 or The RPA-1 the It with the user employing that with clear the of sound reproduction, the RPA-1 allows to Whats the RPA-1 with exceptionally and that the The RPA-1 features of leading and the to the functions expected of high amplifier. At that creating products that they should easy to while performance.
Unpacking the RPA-1 The RPA-1 Reference Amplifier should reach If or other the please immediately. Inventory Gently the and the and It to the and the RPA-1 to or shipped back to the factory service. that It the to establish the of Warranty and Please to and the Customer Recording the Please the located the and below. the where purchased this and the of purchase. of Purchase of Purchase RPA-1
RPA-1 Reference Amplifier Audiophile Amplifier high Enhanced EPM RMS RMS four THD+N Convection cooling VU 12VDC input XLR and RCA High-quality, high floating wing with indirect IEC VAC RPA-1 Switch This switch the ON/OFF of the RPA-1 from the front the off and the switch yellow. switching accomplished with the input the back 5-12VDC The front VU to as as informative LED light the to the of the RPA-1. BLUE LED Normal Operation, Normal FLASHING RED LED SOLID RED LED Amplifier (Short, Thermal, or DC) Troubleshooting section the and to them. Switch This switch the front Press to and through the
RPA-1 Rear RCA These RCA the information the and right of the RPA-1. them to the of the or other XLR These XLR the information the and right of the RPA-1 and the of input whenever them to the of the or other that XLR outputs. These the The wire, or or to polarity when connecting and that the wires and Record this of this reference the service or the On This T15AL and T8AL Please only with the type of IEC It that this to switch selects the country. Switch This switch the the RPA-1. the ON the turned manually from the front switch or with the input Turn On Connector This input activation of the RPA-1. If the RSP-1 or building with to the polarity of the On the RSP-1, and outer shield Turn On Selector Switch This switch allows to the and off. the ON (Right) the switch the front of the the to and the amplifier. Please that this manually and the each or the SIGNAL the whenever it of the The active about the of to account of or the TRIGGER the amplifiers ON and OFF from or The VDC and the whenever there the This the activating the RPA-1.
and AC Considerations that the outlet of supplying the and specified to account the that other they or The of household other than the and CD players and other items. both the RPA-1 of or when ohms. It should to allow the other such as and A/V to amplifiers such as the RPA-1 and TV or should SEPARATE SEPARATE the RPA-1 that nearly please other DO NOT the RPA-1 or the specifically and rated high to A/V and owners to learn the the RPA-1 with the front switch or input (switch the to ON), the front LED light This the functioning normally, and ready operation. If LED light while the high operation, this If the LED the and the this information the please to the troubleshooting section of this Physical the RPA-1 Please the the four Please this cooling when placing. If this please that the to and there least inches of free the and inch each If the located the amplifiers If the rear, DC (such as those to and of the NOT the the RPA-1. The RPA-1 with These field that induce turntable turntable with NOT turntable directly or directly to the RPA-1. the RPA-1 shelf, that the of the or The heavy and should the of to the top heavy.
Considerations Whenever from least inches. Its with amplifiers as the AC cords carrying than other and which there of or with the proximity. Considerations The each of the RPA-1 with industry spacing. These of the which the the The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and It to polarity that the to the and terminals the and the terminals the that the wires the wires, or chassis This and the protection Sound please the following: the RPA-1 turned off or ANY the cords from the or wires to or interference heard the Whenever the XLR These rejection RCA type patch cords tight and there of them off. to with action. or the of RPA-1, the themselves, or other to If this the the with the of flow. It the right RCA patch to and the to white, or the brand). RCA that with to the
Connecting Preamp of Preamp using XLR This shows the RPA-1 connected to with XLR outputs. This the of where of Preamp RCA This shows the RPA-1 connected to with RCA If the XLR this becomes the
Connecting of This shows to and right Internally the there this there input and to each with the shorting the each to and to
and High Pass) This shows RPA-1 amplifiers One of the amplifiers connected to the and the The other high and to the and high Please that using this with the RSP-1 the SUB L+R and If to this with Y This when with
12V The VDC shown to the when the This actually with switched DC from VDC, however the of VDC this function. This the as the of reliability. switch anything that directly the with this This action the and VOID THE WARRANTY. The insulated terminals each located right to the RCA and XLR inputs. The top of each the and to the (red) of The of each the and to the of of the the RPA-1 of each The and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and this rated to below
and Whenever than to of the brand), the which the impacted the Additionally, with apply to this reactions from the which they to the amplifier. The of than to the and the the If than there which to or established when connected to theres only to flow and only to to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the first The input of the first to the input of the The input of the to the of the right The of found their together. four the than as the higher than established when connected that there to and to flow connected the the proportionally based the of each The of the together SMALLER than each to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the first and to the of the The of the right to the input of the first and to the of the of SERIES of PARALLEL
The of found the of the of four four NOT RECOMMENDED the RPA-1! the RPA-1 below recommended heat and eventually the protection LED the front of the the than as the to and the to them. Ideally, the should than You that the the to overheat, the or If this should reduce the of wired them or than amplifier. Technical about Although there this that with type that of the type and these the installation. of and/or used, there other acoustic that to the amplifiers output If please as to as
this section thoroughly. There of which aesthetically pleasing to that sound The of as as the While there about the where theater choose of within that to the sound of the Ultimately, this when theater and RSP-1. the front where the sound directed ear This that the themselves or higher in-wall or as as the sound pointed the and preferably around ear Ideally the they with the This known as the of the front the the as and If subwoofer to the installations, the positioning of the to the as as to each other there with
The You should closely follow the of with the of the following The and right front should that TV exactly them. This the the should exactly the and from as the right It recommended that to them to the within about inch If TV, the should than from the of the TV. If the and right the height (within This smooth when sound from to Location typically sounds with least of to to the wavelengths of high- sounds, they interact strongly with the and of that wave the the the sound to interact with the allowing of the bass the that offers to the front the should locations The location found of tones (or with heavy bass and proceeding with the following easy process: the right the seat of or You then the through or the of CD directly low-level inputs. Turn the turning the CD, then the tones or with heavy around the the where might to the subwoofer. this the corners of the locations to the front LEFT and RIGHT from the as to the and the waves
the subwoofer the Notice where the the bass from the sounds the things and the there. This the the The sound the when If subwoofer to sound when the front (often the that to the built specifically theater While front Left/Center/Right shielding when theater shielded and the too If to this input the to If anywhere the unshielded too to the and should from the the phase with This that where the location the and to the phase that sound arrives to the the as the other Ideally, sound the what allows the to the of the the bass. This what the tone or around the and where the bass the performance. Thats where bass
Troubleshooting The RPA-1 expertly and built to years of trouble-free performance. that checking or that the and connected to the RPA-1 and The following information with of If Sound (from or connected to the RPA-1) Turn off and the and the and The the concerned. the switch or or If the the ON/OFF switch the RPA-1 might the off The internal the If with rated and type. The often or the often that the and wires shorted together. that shorted internally. If the and the the and If the reading than the or connected that too Measure and their specifications. If necessary, the and section of this If connected the too It that rearrange the to increase the of the off the amplifier. that the and overheating. Allow wherever If the closed the or Performance From connected to the RPA-1 that the bass (tone turned If the HPF, that correctly If the high to BYPASS or RPA-1 that there through and the that the wires connected correctly: that the of each to of the amplifier, and the of each to If wired incorrectly, than of phase with the others, bass performance. DOUBLE CHECK ALL THE SPEAKER CONNECTIONS!!
Turn-on and turn-off the un-switched AC and the with 5-12VDC from the or (such as the RSP-1 Preamplifier). This should allow the to and off silently. If the of the sound the other connected to RPA-1), 110VAC outlet than the RPA-1 there or professional the This than caused ground rather than the RPA-1. Follow these to isolate the of the there than to off including the RPA-1, or connecting to off including the amplifier, or troubleshooting. to of the or the CD DVD outlet or This that the from the rating of the outlet or which from the and the This includes such as TV, TV, or top that they where they first the they to the or the TV, or other If the caused the TV then ground This inexpensive with the feed. or Disconnect from the to TV, VCR or DVD. other which grounded cord. NOTE: the ground from This If the the from the back of the the the from cords. connecting to each and that the to the The to this to known the If the and the the or This cant physically the as the the internally. Ground and If Although this the grounding ground isolators. This the rather than the
Other of caused interference or AC there the or or to another AC If the heard from within the RPA-1 and through the this caused interference the AC or DC The this interference or the RPA-1 to another shelf. further from the TV, the the to the If high efficiency these to which other RED light the front from to The RED light the This of serious where the light of the the RED light the front The RED light the or of the following: (Short DC the allowing to cool and on/off the front the of the and on/off the front DC that related and technical Please repeated causing the RED front light to that NOT thermal or related. with the whole If with the RPA- Amplifier), please professional These professionals of with of and products and offer troubleshooting and rectifying
RPA-1 Technical Specifications Rated (Both 120VAC/ 60HZ supply, THD noted) (0.04%THD) (0.04%THD) Harmonic Distortion (THD): to Reference) DC Factor: Approximately (XLR 47K (RCA 47K VDC Clearance 115VAC when and
Copyright Rights the right to to its products Therefore, the specifications of the and the of this to
Warranty to and products the and theater RPA-1 Reference Amplifier crafted to years. of this and craftsmanship, offers the following warranty to owners of the RPA-1. warrants the RPA-1 to free of and workmanship of FIVE YEARS from the of purchase. The following items from, or this warranty: to the RPA-1 caused and to the RPA-1 caused or operation to the instructions specified within this RPA-1 that the defaced, or to the RPA-1 from of, or attempted or authorized RPA-1 purchased from non-authorized of or to, associated or connected Service Assistance the RPA-1 Please that BEFORE RPA-1 MUST and authorization (RMA) to the process, please as of the and the which the Additionally, please to the troubleshooting this to the of something Please this and instances of the of or operation. and its whether or Once obtained the RMA this clearly the of the to from whom the RPA-1 once arrives without RMA refused and freight Please repairs with RMA to: TN Reference RMA this
TN EMO-TECH