DSP
Precautions and Explanation of The within to the to the of installation, operation, and service instructions this The flash with arrowhead within to the to the of within the that of to of shock to the Please this and thoroughly attempting to or the and of the to this reference. to and installation. Please and follow instructions and the and this The of the If with the of should the services of professional or WARNING: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT USE THE X-REF SUBWOOFER NEAR WATER OR IN WET LOCATIONS, DO NOT EXPOSE IT TO RAIN OR MOISTURE, DO NOT EXPOSE IT TO DRIPPING OR SPLASHING FROM OTHER SOURCES, AND ENSURE THAT NO OBJECTS FILLED WITH LIQUIDS (SUCH AS VASES) ARE PLACED ON IT. DOING SO MAY RESULT IN DAMAGE TO THE X-REF SUBWOOFER AND THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK TO THE USER, WHICH MAY RESULT IN BODILY INJURY OR DEATH. CAUTION: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE THE COVER FROM THE X-REF SUBWOOFER. THERE ARE NO USER-SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE THE X-REF SUBWOOFER. REFER ALL SERVICE TO QUALIFIED SERVICE PERSONNEL. the subwoofer or heat such as heating or other that heat. or heat subwoofer to the instructions and only with or specified the the subwoofer shelf, or other of that to its or withstand the subwoofer operation. If to the subwoofer, to from the to of the and VAC and VAC, or Protect the from pinched, or otherwise where the the and Only the to or of type and The the should from the or when of the the with of and
DO NOT the of grounding or ground or than the other. grounding type third ground to the conductors. The or third If the to If the subwoofer cord, of type and or You should service subwoofer service of the following The power-supply or the The to or or The performance The subwoofer or its or chassis NOTE: TO COMPLETELY DISCONNECT THE X-REF SUBWOOFER FROM THE AC POWER MAINS, DISCONNECT THE AC POWER CORD FROM THE AC RECEPTACLE. NOTE: THE X-REF SUBWOOFERS AC POWER CORD MUST REMAIN READILY ACCESSIBLE AT ALL TIMES The should cleaned as directed the or directly the FCC Interference This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to However, there that the interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that of the receiver. the or service, please Corporation Southeast CAUTION CAUTION: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRICAL SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE COVER. NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER SERVICING TO QUALIFIED SERVICE PERSONNEL.
Precautions and Explanation of Introduction About This The DSP About and and Specifications Troubleshooting Corporation Warranty Information Accessories Notes
Introduction purchasing DSP The DSP to both the and theater with the musicality, and rendition of to The high-efficiency amplifier, and switch- the to amounts of clean without sweat; the sealed with its and internal completely and and the attractive Black and the the of theater or the isnt and The advanced DSP with its push-to-engage and easy to LCD and straightforward, and the flexibility and to this powerhouse to performance with or included everything from advanced including both (XLR) and (RCA) inputs, sophisticated processing, and soft-limiting that protects the without the of finally, warranty and The performance, flexibility, and to to as as and building The Team
About This This with the information to performance, sound, and years of service from DSP with that through the things as as and might interesting and helpful and information. If to the subject, then to the offer as and the that If really to started, please the section and the then the of the You to or other purchase information the Notes the back of this
The DSP with its advanced DSP to performance and sound both theater and The the earth-shaking theater effects, while the accuracy, and rendition high-fidelity reproduction. of the of the DSP Great sound and bass. The both the to and the to the of with and subtlety. and efficiency. The high-efficiency and high switch-mode supply of the to the walls, or the lowest of or bass with and clarity, without or heating the Ease of The push-to-engage and easy to back LCD and straightforward. and repeatable the advanced DSP and two-band Advanced mechanical including long-throw with assembly, leads, and heavy-duty surround, and sealed with and internal the to amounts of smooth with or Advanced including and the the to of with astonishing and hint of or turn-on switches the when and to when the The EQ optionally activates when instructed to Application flexibility. Professional (XLR) and (RCA) input allow to the to both theater and feed through and practicality. The Black finish, and allow to easily Both and included to allow to the with type of and the front-firing and interactions. You information about the DSP
Unpacking DSP and should reach If or other when please immediately. Gently from the and and when or the heavy. directly the or the surround, and resting its front, top, or back while PLEASE NOTE: THE POWER CORD AND SPIKED FEET ARE INCLUDED IN THE LOWER PACKAGING MATERIAL! DO NOT DISCARD PACKAGING MATERIAL WITHOUT FULLY UNPACKING ALL PARTS! It to the and subwoofer to or shipped back to the factory service. Please It the to purchase warranty and to feedback and would to hear from
The DSP High-power inch EQ AC switch IEC with LCD input UNBALANCED STEREO INPUTS MOVIE EQ TRIGGER POWER Rotary and Unbalanced (RCA) (XLR) Balanced input (XLR)
To the from DSP to the If cant to hear sounds, this section the basics to started. location DSP DSP grounded AC If or cord, three-prong grounded type with to the or LFE or theater the to the instructions. Turn the switch the of the the While DSP to the of the to learn about
About The of and amounts of bass often (and to therefore, to This historically of high- and often to otherwise that they to hear the lowest of or the of with theater the with its the bass to sound that actually this including to bass; the The of subwoofer the of the other which to It that (typically below to the ear, the both or it should to that of the of required. Unfortunately early subwoofers, while they of window-rattling stomps, and crashes, sound with It that to that of bass and smooth however, as theater to bass, high and to the bass performance from their sounds as as the of their there that both the and with musicality. Fortunately, such as and and amplifiers, and advanced DSP to that both thunderous and performance. One of the of this of both high-end theater and the DSP
DSP performance really three-step process. The first consists of where to (or of them). The consists of and to perfectly together. The third and consists of the advanced DSP to to perfectly match and other While of this terribly (and the DSP and to what to The (or to what type of The and effective to bass and to allow or to the bass and the the to to and The advanced DSP to the to match (While the DSP offers of the isnt to bass other to the to Direct and allow to the bass The DSP while to and serious shortcomings. Not only to (or where accurately, the to accurately or to to There about what with Properly DSP flexibility, higher and repeatability, performance, and to with and they push-to-engage to than or and the LCD easy to and to
Typically the (XLR) input to the to the balanced subwoofer or LFE (low-frequency effects) home-theater and the (RCA) to the to the of The switches when input. the offers which when increases bass about This the EQ input the to the home-theater connected to the the and home-theater to the input, the EQ input the when the home-theater turned If UMC-1) which this allows the EQ to turned the of The EQ manually the DSP to the The (XLR) the of the input and connecting or (or other) STEREO PREAMP WITH SEPARATE HF LF OUTPUTS HOME THEATER PRE/PROCESSOR LF HF OUT OUT TRIGGER OUT X-OVER DIRECT UNBALANCED STEREO INPUTS MOVIE EQ TRIGGER LFE SUB OUT typical with DSP both and theater
where to (or of them) often practicality and acoustics. selecting the location DSP the to choose location that smooth, clean, (and the location that the bass). though the sophisticated DSP the the with the least amount of location where the subwoofer sounds and bass it necessary to choose location subwoofer, to symmetrical locations. The locations that the and of the as as treatments carpeting) and The where to or to with sound (SPL) the and then the locations that with ear Surround Rear Surround Right Right Surround Right Rear Surround Several factors which locations The to to with locations the right locations try.
One choosing location that although to the temporarily location, and then the each subwoofer location and to the The locations where the sounds and or choices where to Alternately, the locations that with and choose the location that sounds You that to subwoofer this weakness previously well-behaved should to isolate such from transmitted the or through the should mounted isolation or platforms, and should too to them (which locations). should of that with that that or sounds rather than single-tone effects or recording of although tones with when things ear. that the location where smooth, and tones or (If that tone to should or that or sounds or that and should the location where You that, while locations the other locations (the or of where and family that the location the that with and Finally, locations that directly front of or heating or or locations, and locations that people to top of of and coffee or top of only causing the of the top that they off!)
The following as to which locations to try DSP Corner usually the poorly or bass. location that of clean however, the bass or then should try another location. locations and walls. Its to from the location anywhere to locations where to sunlight or (and or other top of subwoofer should heard as of sound. properly should foundation to should however, as of sound. though locations the to acoustically and should should of locations. to existing located corner, to try locating the locations locations the and smoother At symmetrical front locations that ears to that, although nonetheless the of the front sound within of turntable or other isolation or isolation base, directly through the and coupled to or You that turntable to with (or without) the cover The of acoustic feedback howling or or of the bass Since of least somewhat to locating subwoofer or back rather than directly or Sound becomes as the lower. The sound from to (the THX non-localized, increases higher If sound from subwoofer to try choosing
the with theater theater and receivers include bass to the to Direct and the the bass high-end theater include of If includes then should the If graphic-equalizer type then that the advanced and While to and subwoofer and actually usually to and the other to the with Sophisticated high-end often include bass which to the to Direct and the the If the bass includes shelving or graphic-equalizer type then should them, the advanced and While to and subwoofer and actually usually to and the other to the with without with bass directed to the and from the or The advanced DSP the of the the the other (which what bass If to the bass and the and the then to smooth and You however, that the reaching If this If, however, or then should or high-pass to from reaching or to them).
the with combined and theater There combined and theater to with and theater If and theater both with bass and to (or them, then the option to the of each to of the input to the input and to the input. If physically the the shorter the to Direct the to allow the and to each their bass The offers which when increases about This connecting the EQ input the to the home-theater connected to input the and home-theater connected to the other input, the EQ input typically to the bass when the home-theater turned If UMC-1) which this allows the EQ to turned the of This should and HT or Direct to allow both to and of the front (without bass and theater If and theater and as the to the of to of the high-level theater This allow to aspects of including bass allow to records Another option to purchase to bass or active) and then everything as
to with DSP of to perfectly with the DSP the or and the subwoofer and the THX The DSP to and perfectly with bass chooses to If with bass USP- to with then choose the recommended the of (this often If using then with or below pleasing (the to choose or the which sound strained or to off If without bass and then the the to the to off or about the where bass, and the the to match its to that of the sound and smooth with pleasing
and The includes DSP which push-to-engage The displayed back LCD which while switches off when of the the back The of this shows the of the the the connected to or that includes the should to Direct. connected to that high-frequencies from to the the to smooth the and the The should that the sound the with rather than from should clean, bass, and effects should the and that shouldnt actually hear the as of sound. the Phase The Phase to match the phase of the with and other to the of both. the Phase to the the where the with other the The the offers as the EQ while the Preset about of bass typical installation, the with the as the and from attached to the EQ input. played the while the from switches the to the the The offers of to and allow to match the of perfectly to Each section allows to and (Q), and then the of that of or higher to of affected Each EQ to or reduce required, to
DSP
Once location DSP and connected and and associated operation grounded of (The switch VAC and VAC.) to the (RCA) or (XLR) input the rear of the the switch the rear of the the On the once properly connected and the user required. Rotary and back LCD The push-to-engage (located the top of the to or information; the active when the The of and rotates when applied. the rotated to displayed and to or command. You to the and the top the or the top The and and active while the of of the the and the when off. The includes LED the top of the the this LED to that the and the subwoofer or when the LCD this LED switching the switch the On the input, which with the to EQ If the EQ connected to of about activated whenever the input.
and DSP factory and Cleaning the and The of the should normally cleaned with with DO NOT directly or the or and DO NOT or cleaners. Gently the with cleaning. If necessary, the with with to and then the with If something the or top of with of or other cleaning with and then with applying cleaning to the front Cleaning the If necessary, the and with cleaner. Cleaning the If something the or surround of the cleaned with to If the blows, ALWAYS REPLACE IT WITH ONE OF THE SAME SIZE, RATING, AND TYPE; NEVER USE FUSE OF HIGHER RATING. If the repeatedly, or CONTACT EMOTIVA TECHNICAL SUPPORT. (If there first that AC the BEFORE CHANGING THE FUSE, UNPLUG THE UNIT! To the screwdriver to release the The the with the of (which of the IEC First the cord. Then the of the plate the and the the with of the and type and the to
Specifications inch with surround, and Amplifier RMS; Typical to Typical sound SPL Inputs: One (RCA) One professional (XLR) One input EQ) One professional (XLR) input input: Unbalanced inputs: Phase Direct EQ1, EQ2 Q: VAC VAC detecting IEC Unboxed: high (including high Unboxed:
Troubleshooting DSP and from high-quality to years of operation. The troubleshooting section and to them. If this please Technical Support, where to and Please to and connected or disconnecting The following the of that the that turned (the switch the back) and active AC If the turned the LED the back of the should Active) and the top of the should light the the of the (the to the If that the switch to On, that the the back of the and AC and that the AC If then that the the the that to the to or to theater only to the when of and options chosen to the LFE when If appears to with and other, the that with If the LED red, this that the (and that input received).
that really and that should If to something without then nothing from the sound information, it to the from the with that the active and correctly, and that the active the using with the of and the the when If the subwoofer with then the subwoofer and correctly and the with or that If and then please Technical Support. or that that the tightly, and that the and repositioning If try them further (This with If try higher-quality with shielding. If that reduced to the trying cabling or where to type) high which to and provided. This It that with such of and installations balanced to completely and
Corporation Warranty Corporation its products to free from and/or workmanship and and malfunctioning products this warranty when the operation and warranty service the to headquarters with of of purchase This warranty that the examination of the This warranty to which subjected to installation, or where the or and/ or This warranty rights. This warranty freely the of the warranty The warranty products the factory or to, or of software or the covered. or service, where reasonable to the software and releases, recovery or of software or the serviced originally included the Customers rights, which from to or from country to country. the that of this warranty prohibited or superseded the The Corporation warranty of years from of purchase the Warranty, please Corporation Corporation SE www.emotiva.com The WILL NOT service or without Authorization (RMA)
Information 877-EMO-TECH through information, and Customer service related Technical or service www.emotiva.com Corporation Customer Service Southeast TN To items purchased through warranty or MUST 1-877-EMO-TECH to Authorization (RMA) NOT they RMA clearly indicated the of the ALL or and should to Customer Service RMA the You about the and Technical to
high-quality that the sound and from DSP It to good-quality well-shielded or or however, or offers both and that performance, and reasonable If choose to third-party those that thin and insulation or that to shielding. with mechanical prematurely, and with shielding to and
Notes