Precautions NEC (National the (CATV) Grounding the House Thank You USP-1 Purchase the USP-1 Inventory USP-1 Preamplifier Audiophile Preamplifier USP-1 USP-1 Rear USP-1 the Battery Pass/High Connecting To Source Units Connecting To Amplifiers and Troubleshooting Sound (from or (or Sound with CD or DVD Playback Working Amplifier(s) or Prematurely) Remotely Connected Amplifier(s) Not Turn with USP-1 Other of TABLE OF CONTENTS
with the whole A/V USP-1 Technical Specifications Warranty Service the USP-1
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS this thoroughly to and the USP-1 Preamplifier. the and operation instructions should operation of the and of the USP-1 Preamplifier, to this reference the USP-1 and these operating instructions should followed. to and free The of the If with the of to to the services of professional. The USP-1 Preamplifier should NEVER such as bathtub, or The USP-1 should that its location or with The USP-1 Preamplifier should or that or built-in such as bookcase, or that impeded the of through If closed installations, to forced that The USP-1 should from heat such as or other which heat. The USP-1 should connected to supply of the type this and what the USP-1 supply should routed to that they high foot or pinched item or them, to cords the and the where they the USP-1 Preamplifier. The the USP-1 should from the outlet when of cleaning the USP-1 Preamplifier, should cleaned as recommended this directly the should that the of the USP-1 Preamplifier. The following that USP-1 serviced service The power-supply or the or or the or The USP-1 to or The USP-1 appear to normally or performance; or The USP-1 or its or chassis The user should to service the USP-1 the this other servicing should to
To shock, this with cord, or other outlet the to Grounding or Precautions should that the or of the defeated. service, please Corporation Southeast TN EMO-TECH www.emotiva.com WARNING TO REDUCE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. CAUTION TO PREVENT ELECTRIC SHOCK, MATCH WIDE BLADE OF PLUG TO WIDE SLOT, FULLY INSERT. NEC (National the (CATV) This to the CATV to of the NEC that and that the ground connected to the grounding of the building as to the of as Grounding the House If connected to the receiver, the grounded as to protection and built-up charges. of the National ANSI/NFPA information with to grounding of the lead-in to to grounding and the grounding TV and should grounded BEFORE the of the house. or grounding there the that or (mounted high the become and electrically to which connected. Additionally, grounding offers to the people the the of
Thank You USP-1 Purchase Dear Enthusiast, Thank purchasing the USP-1 Preamplifier. sincerely that offers performance and products and with the highest and incorporate the think the USP-1 or The USP-1 of leading and the features to the expected of high At creating products that easy to while performance. UNPACKING THE USP-1 The USP-1 Preamplifier should reach If or other the please immediately. INVENTORY Contained the should the USP-1 Preamplifier, the AAA batteries, IEC cord, and user Gently the and the and The USP-1 please to to the It to the and the USP-1 to or shipped back to the factory service.
USP-1 Audiophile Preamplifier input with or with instrumentation relay switching operation Completely integrated with high and outputs with plated RCA and High /Octave Theater switching with Headphone input 12V IEC VAC
USP-1 each when the function of the as commands. commands, the COM/RECV LED as Headphone -plated Headphone the front CD Player Source Selection Selects properly connected CD as input Source Selection Selects properly connected turntable as input Source Selection Selects properly as input Source Selection Selects with outputs connected to the AUX1 as input Source Selection Selects with connected to the AUX2 as input I/R the this of the USP-1 to and right (L+R) of the USP-1. This recording to the USP-1 RCA and inputs. While this traditionally or DAT this based recording as as the input and RCA
selected input through to the when the selected. the selected, the selected input to the outputs as as the the selected, the input to the HT to of the functions of the USP-1, allowing the USP-1 to through right and or theater to the USP-1. manually or with Soft Touch Switch This switch the ON/OFF of the USP-1 from the front the off and the switch Once the turned the switch The turned ON and OFF with the
USP-1 Rear TRIGGER OUTPUT Allows to to another and off, with the USP- to which to to the ET-3. PHONO INPUT Section (clockwise from top Ground and Right RCA MC/MM Switch. this switch to type. MC or MM AUDIO Section (from to right) CD inputs to to with and Right to to with and Right TAPE INPUT/OUTPUT recording from DAT or with HT INPUT Theater) Allows the USP-1 to to theater This when the USP-1 becomes active when the HT BYPASS selected the USP-1 front or HT BYPASS this becomes active and the USP-1 becomes pass-through the right, and subwoofer This straight pass-through what what This the HT (L,R, and the High and NOTE: HT INPUTS only active when the USP-1 ALL USP-1 functions become HT BYPASS allowing the to EQ,
AUDIO OUTPUT SECTION Rotary selecting the which from to with 12dB/Octave. (XLR) with the directly RCA RCA subwoofer with the directly High Rotary selecting the high which from to with 12dB/Octave. High RCA RCA and right when with the High These RCA with than of These the High or Switch This switch the the USP-1. the ON the USP-1 turned manually from the front switch, or with the input input IEC cord.
USP-1 Remote The USP-1 that offers buttons of the USP-1 buttons to turn the USP-1 and off, as indicated. increase or buttons The USP-1 with these Source Selection These buttons the of the USP-1. the front of the USP-1 light with the selected input CD selects CD player input as PHONO selects input as TUNER selects input as AUX1 selects input as AUX2 selects input as Select the indicated function the USP-1. light with the selected MONO switches from to Pressing to TAPE to the the section to through the outputs of the section. selected, selected input through the of the HT Theater pushed, the HT through the USP-1, allowing the right and subwoofer to connected bypassing the USP-1 completely. MUTE the USP-1. the Battery The USP-1 AAA batteries. To fresh the cover the cover, the and the and as indicated the the hile
Pass/High The USP-1 offers as as offering bass that allows to sound when using (XLR) RCA High High and right and right using the the with than of Pass/High using the and /or High outputs, the subwoofer Pass), and the and right (High Pass). Both which the of the from to and High Pass/Low This allows combinations: High Pass/Low There or right to these about what sounds to and what with Only: Recommended users with that of bass tones. the outputs Pass: Recommended users who the sound of their to bass to the using subwoofer. the outputs the and right and the or RCA outputs. The selects the where the to the It recommended to (shown the the and then higher or with the
Pass/High Recommended with that the to bass tones (below and theater of bass tones, or To the performance of the and to the of the connected amplifier, the High and right and the High to the cut-off below this attenuated. the or RCA to to and using the the cut-off this attenuated. It recommended that both, and with the there right or what sounds pleasing to Choosing the built of the commonly on-board It to which choose the built the USP-1 or the the USE ONLY ONE of the once To the the USP-1, the the connected selecting the highest Then the USP-1 to than the highest the To the the connected the the USP-1 selecting the highest Then the subwoofer to than the highest the USP-1. If connected LFE and to the USP-1 the USP-1 to the LFE input. This the internal
Connecting Source Units The USP-1 to to using RCA PHONO to turntable RCA type the the to the input of the PHONO INPUT section the USP-1, and the Right to the Right input of the PHONO INPUT section of the USP-1. the of the chassis ground the turntable and This reference the USP-1 from the with the type of high (MM) or (MC) the switch to the If which type of MM first and then the too high, selecting MC instead. The PHONO input such as CD players or other Please ONLY with or to this input to If the USP-1 input section. the AUX1 or AUX2 inputs. The USP-1 input high input, and turntable high Combining the would high that would CD to CD RCA type the output the CD to the input of the CD INPUT section of the USP-1, and the Right the CD to the Right input of the CD INPUT section of the USP-1. This input, and as input other than CD TUNER to using RCA type the the to the input of the TUNER section of the USP-1, and the Right the to the Right input of the TUNER section of the USP-1. This input, and as input other than AUX1 AUX These with including DVD players, computers, players, MP3 players/docks, the type of and/or RCA to RCA to the outputs the to to the USP-1 (continued,
TAPE This recording to the USP-1 RCA outputs and inputs. While this traditionally or DAT this based recording as as the input and RCA To the to the AND the USP-1 TAPE the To the TAPE from the USP-1 front or Please -these processing. To the recording first TAPE from the front or and then allow to the that the recording record. ready to record, the recording HT INPUT to or theater RCA type right, and subwoofer front the to the USP-1 HT inputs. the HT BYPASS selected, USP-1 and becomes pass-through the connected The HT only active when the USP-1 Connecting To Amplifiers and to amplifiers and to the properly right and subwoofer to that connected the the and right USP-1 outputs or High Pass) and right inputs. and right to and right USP-1 inputs. NOTE: directly to the USP-1. high shielded, 12VDC to remotely connected and off. Please that the of the to this
Troubleshooting The USP-1 expertly and built to years of trouble-free performance. that usually or that the and connected to the USP-1 and The following information with of If service Sound (from or from the amplifier. Turn off and the and the that USP-1 to the amplifier(s) Turn off and internal Switch with to the to or the affected The input currently selected. The switch The high and that the the amplifier. (or The subwoofers off or its input the the subwoofer or USP-1. the physical location of Sound with CD or DVD the or scratched. inexpensive players and to often than would Remote Working the AAA or incorrectly. that the USP-1 front obstructed. Amplifier(s) or Prematurely) each than amplifiers The amplifier(s) covered. and right with the High allowing of the amplifiers
that the amplifier(s) match If amplifiers. and there shorts. If wires boards (or there they easily shorted or something that the insulation. Also, the that there from to or This easily with Remotely Connected Amplifier(s) Not Turn with USP-1 the following: the connected USP-1 and the amplifier(s) input(s). the of the connected If spliced the to or inputs, the and the shield This 12VDC. This than caused ground rather than the USP-1. Follow these to isolate the of the there than to off (including the USP-1) disconnecting or the following items and each the which from the such as TV, TV, or top that they disconnected where they first the they to the USP-1, the TV, or other If the caused the TV ground isolator. This inexpensive with the feed. or which grounded cord. If the the from the back of the USP-1 the (Ground and the from cords. to and If that technical Other of caused interference or AC there the or to another AC (continued,
If the heard from within the USP-1 and through the this caused interference the AC or DC The this interference or the USP-1 to another shelf. further from the TV, the the to the If high these to which other with the whole A/V If with the USP-1 preamplifier/processor), please directly professional These professionals years of with of and products and offer troubleshooting and rectifying
USP-1 Technical Specifications Preamp Section 47K Ratio 2V 2V) Distortion: with with than of with than of 9V RMS Separation as High or or 12dB/Octave, L+R Other VDC, 115VAC, or 230VAC, Width: inches Depth: inches (including RCA Height: inches only) inches including
Licensing and Copyright Corporation Rights the right to to its products Therefore, the of the and the of this to
Warranty to and products the and theater enthusiast. USP-1 crafted to years. of this and craftsmanship, offers the following warranty to owners of the USP-1. warrants the USP-1 to free of and workmanship of FIVE YEARS from the of purchase. The following items from, or this warranty: to the USP-1 caused and to the USP-1 caused or contrary to the instructions specified within this USP-1 that the defaced, or to the USP-1 from of, or attempted or authorized USP-1 purchased from non-authorized of or to, associated or connected Service Assistance the USP-1 Please that BEFORE USP-1 MUST and authorization (RMA) to the process, please as of the and the which the Additionally, please to the troubleshooting this to the of something Please this and instances of the of or operation. and its whether or Once obtained the RMA this clearly the of the to from whom the USP-1 once arrives without RMA refused and freight Please repairs with RMA to: Corporation Customer Service Southeast TN Reference RMA this