XPA-1 USERS GUIDE
Precautions NEC (National the (CATV) Grounding the House Thank You XPA-1 Purchase the XPA-1 Inventory Recording the XPA-1 Reference Amplifier Professional Amplifier Rear and AC Considerations Physical Considerations Considerations Sound 12V and Table of
Technical about Troubleshooting Sound (from or connected to the The often or the often Performance From connected to the Turn-on and turn-off the Other of One or RED lights the with the whole A/V XPA-1 Technical cations Warranty Service Assistance the XPA-1 XPA-1) XPA-1
Precautions this thoroughly to and the XPA- Amplifier. the and instructions should of the and of the XPA-1 Amplifier, to this reference the XPA-1 Amplifier and these operating instructions should followed. to and installation. The of the If with the of to to the services of professional. NEVER the XPA-1 Amplifier such as bathtub, or There of shock to and to the shock or death. The XPA-1 Amplifier should that its location or with The XPA-1 Amplifier should or that or built-in such as bookcase, or closed that the flow of through If closed installations, to forced that The XPA-1 Amplifier should from heat such as or other which heat. The XPA-1 Amplifier should connected to supply only of the type this and what the XPA-1 supply cords should routed that they high foot or pinched items or them, to the and the where they the XPA-1 Amplifier. The of the XPA-1 Amplifier should from the outlet when of cleaning the XPA-1 Amplifier, should cleaned as recommended this directly the should that the of the XPA-1 Amplifier. The following XPA-1 Amplifier serviced service The power-supply or the or or the or The XPA-1 to or The XPA-1 appear to normally or The XPA-1 or its or chassis performance; or
The should to service the XPA-1 Amplifier the this other servicing should to service To shock, this with cord, or other outlet the to Grounding or Precautions should that the grounding or of the defeated. This the Class (whichever from as the interference regulations of the of ATTENTION edicts service, please EMO-TECH EMO-TECH EMO-TECH WARNING TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT CAUTION TO PREVENT ELECTRIC SHOCK, MATCH WIDE BLADE OF PLUG TO ATTENTION POUR EVITER LES CHOCS ELECTRIQUES, INTRODUIRE LA LAME LA PLUS LARGE DE LA FICHE DANS LA BORNE CORRESPONDANTE DE LA PRISE ET EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. WIDE SLOT, FULLY INSERT. POUSSER JUSQUAU FOND.
NEC (National the (CATV) This to the CATV to of the NEC that grounding and that the ground connected to the grounding of the building as to the of as Grounding the House If connected to the receiver, the grounded as to protection and built-up charges. of the National ANSI/NFPA information with to grounding of the to to grounding and the grounding below. or grounding there the that or (mounted high the roof) become and electrically to which connected. Additionally, grounding offers to the people the the of
Thank You XPA-1 Purchase Dear Enthusiast, Thank purchasing the XPA-1 Amplifier. sincerely that offers performance and products and with the highest and incorporate the think the XPA-1 or The XPA-1 high performance amplifier. It performance, ease of and flexibility. employing the XPA-1 easily to high the as as of This allows to and without and high effects. Whats the XPA-1 with exceptionally and sound that the The XPA-1 of leading and the to the expected of high amplifier. The XPA-1 At that creating products that they should easy to while performance.
the XPA-1 The XPA-1 Amplifier should reach If or other the please immediately. Inventory Included with XPA-1 should IEC Class and this Please to the items there the Gently the and the and This heavy, please to or to the amplifier. It to the and the XPA-1 to or shipped back to the factory service. that It the only to establish the of Warranty and it Recording the Please the located the and front and it below.. the where purchased this and the of purchase. of Purchase of Purchase XPA-1
XPA-1 Reference Amplifier Professional Watt Amplifier Audiophile Quality Amplifier RMS Amplification KVA Complementary, incorporating high high ON and Completely to Ratio than reference THD rated protected from Soft Soft switch 4RU chassis IEC VAC LED The front LED lighting to the of the XPA-1. NO LED Amplifier OFF BLUE LED Normal FLASHING RED LED Condition Troubleshooting section Switch This switch the ON/OFF of the XPA-1 from the front the off and the switch switching accomplished with the input the back using 5-12VDC These the XPA-1 as as isolation.
Rear Remote Turn On This input activation of the XPA-1. This directly with the If building and outer shield This IEC It that this to These the outputs. The or or to polarity when connecting and that the and Potentially lethal or with the turned RCA and XLR These input the XPA-1. the input to preamplifier/processor or other Switch This switch the the XPA-1. it the ON the manually from the front switch or with the input input
and AC Considerations that the outlet of supplying the and specified to account the that other they or The of household other than the and DVD players and other items. The XPA-1 of or such as and XPA-1 and TV or should SEPARATE SE nearly please DO NOT specifically and rated high to A/V and owners to learn the the XPA-1 with the front switch or input (switch the to ON), the front LED lighting off seconds and then to This the functioning normally and ready operation. If LED light or LED light while the (otherwise) operation, please to the troubleshooting section of this Physical the XPA-1 Please the the four Please this cooling when placing. If this please that the to fresh and there least inches of the and inch each If the located the amplifiers If the rear, DC (such as those to and of the NOT the the XPA-1. The XPA-1 with This field that induce turntable with NOT turntable directly or directly to the XPA-1. the XPA-1 shelf,verify that the weight of the shelf or The heavy and should the of to the top A/V to amplifiers such as the PARATE the XP the XPA-1 It should to allow the other A-1 that other or the specifically
Considerations from cords least inches. It with amplifiers as the AC cords carrying than other and which there of or with the proximity. Considerations The each of the XPA-1 with industry spacing. These of the which the the The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and It to polarity that the to the and terminals the and the terminals the that the wires the wires, or chassis This and the protection Sound please the following: the XPA-1 off or ANY Whenever the cords from the or wires to or interference heard the RCA type patch tight and there of them off. to with twisting action. or the of XPA-1, the themselves, or other to If this the the with arrows the of It the right RCA patch to and the to white, or the brand). RCA that with to the
12V The VDC shown to the when the This actually with switched DC from VDC; however, the of theater VDC this function. This the as the of reliability. switch that directly the with this This action the and VOID THE WARRANTY. A-2. There of terminals and each connected Which to that the terminals the and the the Negative of the the XPA-1 of each The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and this rated to below
and Whenever than to of the brand), the which the impacted the Additionally, with apply to this reactions from the which they to the amplifier. The of than to the and the the If than there which to or established when connected to theres to flow and to flow to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the The input of the to the input of the The input of the to the of the right The of found their together. four the than as the higher than established when connected that there to and to flow connected the the proportionally based the of each The divided of the together SMALLER than each to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the and to the of the and to the of the of SERIES of PARALLEL
The of the right to the input of the and to the of the and The of found the of the of four four four). NOT RECOMMENDED the XPA-1! the XPA-1 below recommended heat and eventually the protection the front of the the than as the to and the to them. Ideally, the should than You that the the to overheat, the or If this should reduce the of wired them or than amplifier. Technical about Although there this that with type that of the type and these the installation. of and/or used, there other acoustic that to the amplifiers If please as to as
Troubleshooting The XPA-1 expertly and built to years of trouble-free performance. that or that the and connected to the and The following information with of If Sound (from or connected to the XPA-1) Turn off and the and the and The the concerned. the switch or or that or the surround sound when expecting surround sound. turned off the the to If the the ON/OFFswitch the XPA-1 might the off internal the blown. The often or the often that the and wires shorted together. that shorted internally. If the wires and the the and and their If necessary, the and section of this If connected the too It recommended that rearrange the to increase the of the off the that the and overheating. Allow wherever If the the or Performance from connected to XPA-1 that the bass (tone turned surround which the bass to or the that the correctly If the options to where
that the wires connected correctly: that the of each to of the and the of each to If wired incorrectly, than of phase with the others, bass performance. DOUBLE CHECK ALL THE SPEAKER CONNECTIONS!! Turn-on and turn-off the un-switched AC and the with 5-12VDC from the or (such as the LMC-1 This should allow the to and off silently. If the of the sound the other to XPA-1), 115VAC than the XPA-1 there ict. conditioning the This than caused ground rather than the XPA-1. Follow these to isolate the of the there than to off including the or troubleshooting. to of the or the CD player, DVD outlet or This that the from the rating of the or which from the and the This includes such as TV, TV, or top that they disconnected where they the they to the or the TV, or other If the caused the TV then ground This inexpensive with the feed. or from the to TV, VCR or DVD. other which grounded cord. NOTE: the ground from This If the the from the back of the the moving the from cords. to each and that the to the The to this to known the If the and the the or This cant physically the as the the internally.
and If Although this the grounding ground isolators. This the rather than the Other of caused interference or AC there the or or connecting to another AC If the heard from within the XPA-1, and through the this caused interference the AC or DC The this interference or the XPA-1 to another shelf. further from the TV, the the to the If high these to which other One or RED lights the RED light the or of the following: (Short DC the allowing to cool and on/off the front the of the the front DC that and on/of repeated related and technical Please causing the RED front light to flash that NOT thermal or related. with the whole A/V If with the XPA-1 amplifier), please XPA-1 professional These professio of and products years of with and offer troubleshooting and rectifying
XPA-1 Technical cations Rated (One 115VAC/ 60HZ supply, THD noted) (1%THD) (1%THD) Harmonic Distortion (THD): Ratio: Reference) DC Factor: Approximately (RCA 20K 18K VDC, of Clearance 115VAC when and
Warranty The XPA-1 created to years. of this and craftsmanship, offers the following warranty to owners of the XPA-1. warrants the XPA-1 to from and workmanship of years from the of purchase. The following items from, or this warranty coverage: to the XPA-1 caused and to the XPA-1 caused or contrary to the instructions within this XPA-1 that the or to the XPA-1 from of, or attempted or authorized XPA-1 purchased from non-authorized of or to, associated or connected the charges incured to or from the of the the to of service. Service the XPA-1 Please that BEFORE XPA-1 MUST and authorization (R/A) contacting to the R/A process, please as of the and the which the Additionally, please to the troubleshooting this to the of something Please this and instances of the of or operation. and its whether or Once obtained the R/A this clearly the of the to from whom the XPA-1 once without refused and freight Copyright Rights the right to to its products Therefore, the specifications of the and the of this to If purchased directly from or from authorized please repairs with R/A to: TN Reference R/A this R/A
TN EMO-TECH www.emotiva.com