TABLE OF CONTENTS SAFETY PRECAUTIONS NEC (National the (CATV) Grounding the House Thank You UPA-7 Purchase the UPA-7 Inventory UPA-7 Amplifier UPA-7 UPA-7 Rear and AC Considerations Physical Considerations Considerations Sound 12V Preamp/Processor using Preamp/Processor with Devices and and Technical about
Troubleshooting Sound (from or to the UPA-7) The often or the often Performance From to the UPA-7 Turn-on and turn-off the Other of One or RED lights the with the whole A/V TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Warranty Service Assistance the UPA-7
Precautions this thoroughly attempting to and the UPA- Amplifier. the and instructions should operation of the and of the UPA-7 Amplifier, to this reference the UPA-7 Amplifier and these operating instructions should followed. to and free installation. The of the If with the of to to the services of professional. NEVER the UPA-7 Amplifier near such as bathtub, or near There of shock to and to the shock or death. The UPA-7 Amplifier should that its location or with The UPA-7 Amplifier should or that or built-in such as bookcase, or closed that the of through If closed installations, to forced that it The UPA-7 Amplifier should from heat such as or other which heat. The UPA-7 Amplifier should connected to supply of the type this and what the UPA-7 supply should routed that they high foot or pinched items or them, to the and the where they the UPA-7 Amplifier. The of the UPA-7 Amplifier should from the when of cleaning the UPA-7 Amplifier, should cleaned as recommended this directly the should that the of the UPA-7 Amplifier. The following UPA-7 Amplifier serviced only service The power-supply or the or or the or The UPA-7 to or The UPA-7 appear to normally or performance; or The UPA-7 or its or chassis The should to service the UPA-7 Amplifier the this other servicing should to service
To shock, this with cord, or other outlet the to Grounding or should that the grounding or of the defeated. This the Class /Class (whichever from as the interference of the of ATTENTION edicts service, please EMOTIVA EMO-TECH www.emotivaaudio.com HOCK, E. WARNING TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC DO NOT EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTUR C OF PLUG TO WIDE SLOT, FULLY INSERT. INTRODUIRE LA LAME LA PLUS LARGE DE AUTION: TO PREVENT ELECTRIC SHOCK, MATCH WIDE BLADE TTENTION: POUR EVITER LES CHOCS ELECTRIQUES,
NEC (National the (CATV) and that the ground connected to the grounding of the building as to the of as the grounded as to protection and built-up charges. of the National ANSI/NFPA information with to grounding of the lead-in to to grounding and the grounding the that or (mounted high the become and electrically to which connected. Additionally, ground offers to the people the the of his to the CATV to of the NEC that Grounding the House If connected to the receiver, or grounding there
Thank You UPA-7 Purchase Enthusiast, Thank purchasing the UPA-7 Amplifier. sincerely that offers performance and products and with the highest and incorporate the think the UPA-7 or The UPA-7 high performance amplifier. It performance, ease of and flexibility. employing the UPA-7 easily high while the as as of This allows to and without and high-level effects. Whats the UPA-7 with exceptionally and sound that the The UPA-7 features of leading and the to the expected of high-end amplifier. The UPA-7 At that creating products that they should easy to while performance.
the UPA-7 The UPA-7 Amplifier should reach If or other the please immediately. Inventory Included with UPA-7 should IEC Class cord, and this Please to the items there the the and the and This heavy, please to or to the amplifier. It to the and the UPA-7 to or shipped back to the factory service. UPA-7 Amplifier Features: Audiophile amplifier. of VA torrid Complementary, incorporating high high On and Completely to Ratio greater than THD rated protected from Soft Soft switch 4RU chassis IEC VAC
UPA-7 LED The front LED lighting to the of the UPA-7. NO LED Amplifier OFF BLUE LED Normal FLASHING RED LED Condition Troubleshooting section Switch This switch the ON/OFF of the UPA-7 from the front the off and the switch switching accomplished with the input the back 5-12VDC These the UPA-7 as as isolation.
UPA-7 Rear RCA These input the UPA-7. the input to or other Switch This switch the the UPA-7. the ON the turned manually from the front switch or with the input input Remote This input activation of the UPA-7. This directly with the If building and shield These the The wire, or or to polarity when and that the wires and This IEC It that this to Potentially or with the turned
and AC Considerations that the outlet of supplying the and specified to account the that other they or The of household other than the and DVD players and other items. The UPA-7 of or It should to allow the other such as and A/V to amplifiers such as the UPA-7 and TV or should SEPARATE SEPARATE the UPA-7 that nearly please other DO NOT the UPA-7 or the specifically and rated high to A/V and owners to learn the the UPA-7 with the front switch or input (switch the to ON), the front LED lighting off seconds and then to This the functioning normally, and ready operation. If LED light or LED light while the (otherwise) operation, please to the troubleshooting section of this Physical the UPA-7 Please the the four Please this cooling when placing. If this please that the to fresh and there least inches of free the and inch each If the located the amplifiers If the rear, DC (such as those to and of the NOT the the UPA-7. The UPA-7 with This field that induce turntable with NOT turntable directly or directly to the UPA-7. the UPA-7 shelf, that the of the or The heavy and should the of to the top heavy.
Considerations Whenever from least inches. Its with amplifiers as the AC cords carrying than other and which there of or with the proximity. Considerations The each of the UPA-7 with industry spacing. These of the which the the The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and It to polarity that the to the and the and the terminals the Also, that the wires the wires, or chassis This and the protection Sound please the following: the UPA-7 turned off or ANY Whenever the cords from the or wires to or interference heard the RCA type patch cords tight and there of removing them. to with twisting action. or the of UPA-7, the themselves, or other to If this the the with arrows the of flow. It the right RCA to and the to white, or the brand). RCA that with to the
12V The VDC shown to the when the This actually with switched DC from VDC; however, the of theater VDC this function. This the as the of reliability. switch anything that directly the with this This action the and VOID THE WARRANTY. The terminals each located the of the UPA-7. The top of each the and to the (red) of The of each the and to the of of the the UPA-7 of each The wire, and or or the whereas when the screwed to the that and them, creating and this rated to below
Preamp/Processor
Preamp/Processor with Devices and This shows the UPA-7 This type of who (or their subwoofer and to that the chassis.
and connecting than to of the brand), the which the impacted the Additionally, with apply to this reactions from the which they to the amplifier. The of than to the and the the If than there which to or established when connected to theres to flow and to flow to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the first The input of the first to the input of the The input of the to the of the right The of found their together. four-ohm the than as the higher than of SERIES
established when connected that there to and to connected the the proportionally based the of each The of the together SMALLER than each to to the front right of the amplifier: The of the right to the input of the first and to the of the of PARALLEL The of the right to the input of the first and to the of the The of found the of the of four-ohm four four). Two-ohm NOT RECOMMENDED the UPA-7! the UPA-7 below recommended heat and eventually the protection the front of the the than as the to and the to them. Ideally, the should than You that the the to overheat, the or If this should reduce the of wired them or than amplifier. Technical about Although there this that with type that of the type and these the installation.
of and/or used, there other acoustic that to the amplifiers If please as to as
Troubleshooting The UPA-7 expertly and built to years of trouble-free performance. that usually or that the and connected to the and The following information with of If Sound (from or connected to the UPA-7) Turn off and the the and The the concerned. the switch or that or the surround when expecting surround sound. turned off the the to If the the ON/OFF switch the UPA-7 might the off internal the blown. The often or the often that the and wires shorted together. that shorted internally. If the wires and the the and and their specifications. If necessary, the and section this If connected the too It recommended that rearrange the to increase the off the amplifier.
the and overheating. Allow wherever If the closed the or Performance From connected to the UPA-7 that the bass (tone turned surround which the bass to subwoofers, or the that the correctly If subwoofer, the options to where that the wires connected correctly: that the of each to of the amplifier, and the of each to the If wired incorrectly, then of phase with the others, bass performance. DOUBLE CHECK ALL THE SPEAKER CONNECTIONS!! Turn-on and turn-off the un-switched AC and the with 5-12VDC from the or (such as the UMC-1 Preamplier/Processor). This should allow the to and off silently. If the of the sound the other connected to the UPA-7), 115VAC outlet than the UPA-7 there conict. the This than caused ground rather than the UPA-7. Follow these to isolate the of the there than to off including the or connecting troubleshooting. to off including the or connecting troubleshooting. to of the outlet or the CD DVD outlet or This that the from the rating of the or which from the and the This includes such as TV, TV, or top that they disconnected where they the they to the or the TV, or other If the caused the TV then
ground This inexpensive with the feed. or from the to TV, VCR or DVD. other which grounded cord. NOTE: the ground from cords This If the the from the back of the the the from cords. to each and that the to the The to this to known the If the and the the or This cant physically the as the the internally. and If Although this the grounding ground isolators. This the rather than the Other of caused interference or AC there the or or connecting to another AC If the heard from within the UPA-7, and through the this caused interference the AC or DC The this interference or try the UPA-7 to another shelf. further from the TV, the the to the If high efficiency these to which other One or RED lights the UPA-7 Amplifier with Protect to the of to or If detected, the following the light(s).
Each RED light the or of the following: (Short DC the allowing to cool and on/off the front the of the and on/off the front DC that related and technical Please repeated causing the RED front light to that NOT thermal or related. with the whole A/V If with the UPA-7 amplifier), please UPA-7 professional professionals years of with of and products and troubleshooting and rectifying
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS of High Short Path Class A/B output RMS THD) RMS THD) RMS THD) RMS THD) to with than rated Broadband referenced to to Amplifier to Ratio (S/N) A-weighting), referenced to Unbalanced 850VA Secondary
Warranty The UPA-7 created to years. of this and craftsmanship, offers the following warranty to owners of the UPA-7. the UPA-7 to free from and workmanship of years from the of purchase. The following items from, or this warranty coverage: to the UPA-7 caused and If item that to please immediately. to the UPA-7 caused or to the instructions within this UPA-7 that the or to the UPA-7 from of, or attempted or authorized UPA-7 purchased from non-authorized of or to, associated or connected Service Assistance the UPA-7 Please that BEFORE UPA-7 MUST and authorization (RMA) to the RMA process, please as of the and the which the Additionally, please to the troubleshooting this to the of something instances of and and to however Please Once obtained the RMA this clearly the of the to from whom the ERC-1 once arrives. without RMA refused and freight Please repairs with RMA to: Southeast TN Reference RMA this 877-EMO-TECH www.emotiva.com
Copyright Rights the right to to its products Therefore, the specifications of the and the of this to and the "E" of Corporation.