this with the ance. Consumer: this This permanently located, (USA only) or where prohibited or This with the type of indicated the rating This with other used. WARNING: If operated and with the instructions, this to or from combustion which death or serious INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS AND OWNER'S MANUAL WARNING: If the information these tions exactly, or causing property or of life. or or other and the of this or other WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS to light switch; phone Immediately from neighbors Follow the instructions. If reach the and service service agency or the FAN TYPE DIRECT VENT WALL FURNACE MODEL DV-55SPP
SECTION PAGE Information Information of LP Introduction Specications Clearances Instructions Lighting Instructions Characteristics Characteristics Service and to Service Notes TABLE OF CONTENTS
THIS IS HEATING APPLIANCE DO NOT OPERATE THIS APPLIANCE WITHOUT FRONT PANEL INSTALLED. to high the should located of and from and Children and should to the of high and should to burns or clothing ignition. Young children should when they the as the Clothing or other should or the or servicing ance to operating the and clean. while operation. and should QUALIFIED SERVICE PERSON. The should inspected and least service More cleaning to from carpeting, It IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION that and of the clean. DO NOT around the that the of combustion and DO the clear and free from and other and DO and DO of and Clean and CAUTION: cover tightly closed operation. DO NOT this heater Immediately service to inspect the heater and to of the and which
SAFETY INFORMATION FOR USERS OF LP-GAS which and its and colorless. You know the following tions which both and family from them then them If should to the because of the the That's to action! switches, light matches, that the everyone of the vehicle, or that IMMEDIATELY. or supply than and such as reason to of and other areas. them to people people the of the the You the to around or to that other the the People the or their something Thinking about to The colorless, and there the of the through the Learn to the of "Scratch and to what the If that or If light lights, service, or to the If consciously think about the of to and while lighting lights or service or or closed-up house that the to light lights, service, or where the such that the there of to oxidation or adsorption of and Therefore, people should and when or service. or they and allowed LP-GAS WARNING ODOR NO ODOR DETECTED ODOR FADE SOME POINTS TO REMEMBER with the of household. when there to everyone's knowing exactly what to If, reading the following information, information, please neighbor's phone and trained service and the though to turn the the vehicle, trailer, or Finally, the service and them the Properly trained service people should the then and relight the to oxidation. This there the or The or or walls, and other and That of the of the reducing its intensity. closed and the Since than there to the If as serious Immediately action as instructed earlier. to too and which of service internal which If such suspected to of the If about the of the If, the and think should, Then the action recommended the when the If (the the off immediately. If the the through such as light If this internal If the then the as turning off the it completely or completely empty.
every building or whole or including those or operated the Commonwealth and where the termination than nished the of the including to and porches, the following INSTALLATION OF CARBON MONOXIDE DETEC- TORS. At the of of the the or that wired with and the where the to the or that operated or wired with each of the building or the It the responsibility of the property to the services of professionals the of wired the that the or the wired with and the the that the of this the of of tion, the of thirty to comply with the however, that thirty operated with APPROVED CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTORS. Each as with the comply with NFPA and ANSI/UL and IAS certied. REQUIREMENTS FOR MASSACHUSETTS SIGNAGE. or plate permanently mounted to the of the building height of directly with the the heating or The read, than one-half inch GAS VENT DIRECTLY BELOW. KEEP CLEAR OF ALL OBSTRUCTIONS. INSPECTION. The or inspector of the the inspection, the inspector and with the of CMR through EXEMPTIONS: The following from CMR through The Chapter Not To the of NFPA as the Board; and Product or from the building or whole or MANUFACTURER REQUIREMENTS GAS EQUIPMENT VENTING SYSTEM PROVIDED. the of Product or with the the instructions the of the and the instructions the of the or the and the of instructions Product instructions, instructions, and/or tions with the or the of the or
Introduction Building tions, or which apply to the of Instructions to instruction with and warranty with should to and and thermostat. Warning: to this or its This heating and or servicing to operating the Information This with American National Standard/CSA Z21.86 and CSA the Association, as type to to these instructions. of the other than as shown these instructions or with type of shown the rating plate the responsibility of the and the should to and type of Notice of this its and To of the which the and If this directly carpeting, or other other than the or the and of the The to the as The protection that thick and light DV-55SPP BTU/HR Height CFM SOR-1 SOK-1 Assembly with DV-822 INTRODUCTION SPECIFICATIONS that and located than the located, or protected, to physical vehicle. Agency and of or and and servicing of only agency. The agency" corporation or which or through and the or of or the installation, or servicing of who such with and with the of the authority State of The or the Commonwealth of The with or, the of with the National ANSI Z223.1/NFPA and CSA B149.1. from the American National Inc., New N.Y. High input should reduced the of each High locations tion and the to from to and from to Instructions the completely to the This match which the cover. To light the that the from the thermocouple. The the the hits the thermocouple. The of the with the On with the that match used. The match light the than the this
Locating The the through the or The should this Location of the the of and the and servicing. Recommended to whether allow or to authority and The of the following recommended: ANS Z21.24 Appliance Connectors of Corrugated and ANS Z21.45 Assembled Appliance Connectors of Other Construction The the authority The of that three length. the National ANSI Z223.1 CAN/ CGA-B149 or New Cock should its cock. L.P. L.P. NPT NIPPLE GAS SUPPLY cock should located the vicinity of the Where or where its or location authorized or relocation. Compounds threaded of to the action of The the This should with and should to Appliance from of and or with connected; and ground should the of the to servicing. It the National that the This should of of connected the that the which and of Trap Testing of the To the to the N.P.T. immediately of the supply to the The and its disconnected from the supply testing of that of The isolated from the supply closing its testing of the supply to or than Attention! If of the of the
Clearances selecting location installation, necessary to clearances servicing and installation. The DV-55 inches and inches. The of the performance. The DV-55 attached to the or recessed the to inches the inches If recessed the of inches, the inches. The which the recessed clearance to the and top. SOR-1 or SOK-1, the recessed the Clearance to or inches. clearance inches. and rear clearance inches. Clearance of inches to or when mounted SOR-1, outlet used. The from the of the to the or obstruction inches. The of with input BTU hour located least inches from through which building. The bot- of the and the located least inches CLEARANCES Checking Both and built-in the of approximately the outlet with the to the from of the of input to of approximately the outlet with the to the from of the of input to of N.P.T. located the of the The built-in and seconds. WARNING: The of the should of from of malfunction, the reduce the chance of the
Locating Wall The to located that located The inches and allow the to recessed the repositioned. The as shown of inches. template positioning the Also, to positioning the and locating Optional outlet SOR-1 or both of the the clearances of inches to or as shown and the the the template from the exposing the knock-out. the knock-out. the the with the the and the mounting using the as and the with screws assembly with SOK-1 of the the clearance of inches to as shown and the the the template from the exposing the knock-out. the knock-out. the and outer as and the and and through walls. the Locating Wall With of outlet and the outlet plate outer the through the and outlet plate to of with screws to the with screws provided. and to with screws provided. the with its the and the mounting the as template. the and the with screws provided. INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS (continued) Locating the of the and right three-prong (grounding) assembly located within the of the Please from when routing assembly to of Three-prong (Grounding) Assembly Disconnect assembly from assembly from of the from assembly the the assembly to the harness. bushing around the of the assembly. bushing the the Attention! The bushing located within the as the Instructions and Attaching to to the location of the the the located and outlet of attaching to the that of and molding the which the to the casing top, with and to the outer casing with screws Attention! The screw the outer casing off-set the screws and the off-set the outer casing Distortion of the outer casing allow the front to attached to the This the of the installation. With the the and the outlet to and using the following the of assembly. as as the of the assembly. the the from of assembly. outlet outlet combustion chamber. outlet as as the of the outlet the outlet from of outlet combustion chamber. or completely around the the to or Assembly beneath the of the mounting to such as the of assembly. mounting plate the the mounting plate that to the The to the of mounting to with screws Apply to combustion chamber and to outlet combustion chamber. the outlet to mounting with screws provided. completed. Reassembly Resealing servicing the the following reassembly and resealing of the assembly. beneath the of the mount- Apply beneath the of the mounting to such as from bustion chamber and of from both of the of assembly. mounting the the mounting that to the The to the of mounting plate to with screws provided.
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Apply to outlet combustion chamber and to outlet combustion chamber. the to mounting plate with screws provided. Reassembly and resealing completed. Near Other of Projection or Direct to the from or from the both the and the of the such as or which the of the section back the section smothering the and the to or appears that within of of the section shield the section, the should from the least the of the whose match the of the mounting plate recommended. The protects from or then sealed and painted. The the of the should of DV-55. DV-822, from Comfort Inc. The which the to from or The the of the should of DV-55. Warning: DV-822 or to existing to sections of to the outlet or tight both to to
FOR YOUR SAFETY READ BEFORE LIGHTING WARNING: If follow these instructions exactly, or causing property or of life. A. This which lighted hand. lighting the follow these instructions exactly. B. BEFORE LIGHTING around the to to the than and the WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS to light switch; phone Immediately from neighbor's Follow the instructions. STOP! the information the thermostat to lowest Turn off to the front Turn clockwise to clear Then including the If STOP! Follow "B" the information If to the the cover located the combustion chamber. follow from The located the the the thermostat to lowest Turn off to service to front LIGHTING INSTRUCTIONS LIGHTING INSTRUCTIONS to "OFF." TO TURN OFF GAS TO APPLIANCE If reach the C. only to or the If the or hand, try to service technician. Force or attempted or D. this Immediately service technician to inspect the and to of the and which cover. Turn counterclockwise to "PILOT." and completely and repeatedly the the with match. to the about the Release and back should If through If when released, and immediately service technician or If the turn the to "OFF" and service technician or cover. Turn counterclockwise "ON." front Turn to the thermostat to slightly and clockwise to "OFF." force. front to
The the thermocouple. The surround the thermocouple below the when the the cover screw the and the screw clockwise to reduce cover screw to that LP cleaning the MAIN BURNER FLAME CHARACTERISTICS The with light The shows the height of each of the each The The the factory-set and used. the the combustion Therefore, cleaning of the To the supply to the and the screws the the from the combustion chamber, and front With front and from force the and with PILOT FLAME CHARACTERISTICS PROPER FLAME ADJUSTMENT
The when electrically grounded with or, the of with the National ANSI/NFPA or CSA C22.1, This with three-prong [grounding] protection shock and should directly properly grounded three-prong or the grounding from this which and purchased, the and its connected to the mounting screw. With this completing the ground, the the and electrically grounded. the with this type of protection. Thermostat The thermostat should the as the to the and from another heat (cooking heater, including and with heat Not Thermostat Wall. CAUTION: wires to when servic- and operation. operation servicing. WIRING
SERVICE MAINTENANCE SUGGESTIONS and the The should cleaned and once each heating season. To reach the the shroud surrounding the the screws each located the top each of the of To the through its with or If replaced, the should replaced. The stretched to the the and then the and the mounting GENERAL re-tested to operation. This includes, tion, and operation. If the to function to re-check the following: to the The of and that shown the rating The Service Comfort Inc. to servicing or service- Servicing the and Thermo- and the the to the Then the to which the attached. Servicing The Motor: The front the shroud surrounding the and and the Motor" Not Light With the such as when the or off the too to the Turn the to and the the continually to the to light with match. the it lights. If Not to the Should and and than from other If Not Light the (counterclockwise to If the supply the and/or restricted Clean assembly and relight. If Not On Releasing Follow instructions and and thermocouple; input or thermocouple than Normal Operation: tight both and cover tight Check input or Not Thermostat Turned To On: to and touching to the SAME TERMINAL should light DO NOT SHORT ACROSS TERMINALS, AS IT WILL BURN OUT THE WALL THERMOSTAT. Thermostat wires the shorted, thermostat. To to front and switch cover and to allow to
only through service or the service or should through the shipped directly to the service the the from the Then the the and the of each from the following and to this information. of or screws, washers or They items and purchased Shipments and PLEASE NOTE: that and of Top Mount Required) Mounting Required) Required) R-619 Housing DV-559 DV-613 Right DV-725 DV-131 Mounting Plate DV-548 DV-524 DV-600 Complete DV-1386 DV-579-C Combustion Chamber Switch Compartment Assembly R-1941 DV-832 Switch Compartment Cover DV-562 (USA) DV-826 Rear Thermocouple with LP with DV-808 DV-824 P-88-42 Required) LP Required) USE ONLY MANUFACTURER'S REPLACEMENT PARTS. USE OF ANY OTHER PARTS COULD CAUSE INJURY OR DEATH. HOW TO ORDER REPAIR PARTS Comfort Inc. IL PARTS LIST DV-687 and Plate Assembly Observation DV-781 Lighting DV-064 Plate Observation DV-775 Bracket DV-622 DV-973 LP DV-779 Union R-5655 VR8200C LP R-2148 VR8200C UH-810 Mounting Bracket R-1995 UH-451 Junction (USA) R-2708 DV-571 Compartment DV-671 DV-765 Chamber (Top Required) DV-764 Chamber Required) Cord DV-614 Not Shown R-9832 Assembly Shown R-9833 Assembly Not Shown R-6389 Wall Thermostat Not Shown Lighter Shown LP Shown
PARTS VIEW
SERVICE NOTES
SERVICE NOTES
EMPIRE EMPIRE Comfort www.empirecomfort.com Comfort Inc. IL If about products, please If service or please