LCD English
PRECAUTIONS.......................................................................................................... INST ALLA TION POWER CONNECTION MAINTENANCE TRANSPOR TING THE MONIT OR GETTING ST ARTED ACKAGE CONTENTS INSTALLATION OF FIRST USE IDENTIFYING AND CONTROLS FUNCTIONS OF THE BUTT ONS AND INDICA TOR: SETUP CUST OMIZING YOUR MONIT OR with OSD Introduction to and the Characteristic OSD TROUBLESHOOTING TECHNICAL FEATURES AND SPECIFICATIONS............................................................................. INTERFACE FREQUENCY. SUPPORTED TIMING LIST. ADDENDUM REGULA TIONS FCC COMPLIANCE16 TCO99..................................................................................................................................................... ABLE OF CONTENTS
cover or the the of the the to heat such as or or location to sunlight, mechanical or shock. the outlet to the allow anything to the the attached to the Disconnect the from the supply o the The or frayed. The or the performance servicing. Clean the and wit oft cloth lightly or such as or or the of the with or items such as or screwdrivers, as the scratch. or the the fire, shock, o the the or the of the back becomes straight. Then the and its with the and
Started that the the following items: LCD (The o o the C (optional) CD-ROM o this and other information
of First The o the the from the and the then the the the base, that the the properly. Next, the o the to the seat and other factors. and The LED and buttons as follows: The as follows: Functions of the buttons and Functions LED the the OSD Select the function of the the seconds the and increase the (optional) the function the OSD clockwise Increase the of function which selected the and the (optional) the function the OSD counter-clockwise Decrease the of the function which selected the performance that the active operation). that the or input). Not that the of of
Connecting the and refresh o the the following refresh Turn of the to the VGA of PC, the screws the the the other of the to the VGA-IN the back of the the screws the to the Connecting the of the to the AC-IN the back of the the of the int o Connecting (optional) the the AUDIO the back of the the other of the or other Turning the Pressing the the back of the to the the protection from the You should to the to the Troubleshooting section.
The On (OSD) of to While strongly the function, which to performance. the with OSD Press to the OSD Select the from the OSD with the buttons. Press to the selection of functio Press o to the Press to from the Press o to the and then the to from the OSD Introduction to While the OSD shown, buttons to the performance (Y the OSD to the function. OSD and section) (optional) While the OSD shown, buttons to the It recommended that the function following to from o to increase or the
OSD Functions the performance while the OSD shown, to the function) (6500K Select the of to white the of the OSD of of OSD There English, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, and Chinese. Brightness the to white of the Sharpness the sharpness of the Clock the internal clock Phase the internal phase the of the or Select the of Cool, or Cool (9300K) the of to bluish white the of the the of the or right the of the of the of
EP Factory OSD the of OSD the Advanced Life-Extension function Select and back to factory the OSD
Symptom Items roubleshooting LED the right of the LED the right of the shows turned the properly connected to the and shows of clear Press buttons to the function. the properly connected to the and the and refresh of to SXGA. the turned the the properly connected to the and there electricity from the another to turned the the or the to the the properly connected to the and that the and/or refresh correctly item of section) refresh the performance
Technical and Specifications LCD TFT active 337.92(H 270.336(V) Pitch 0.264(H 0.264(V) SXGA Recommended SXGA 16.2M Brightness Ratio G1 L/R (CR_5) U/D (T to to LED Active: VESA Mounting VESA DDC 1/2B (Optional) buttons back OSD OSD Functions Brightness Contrast, Sharpness Phase, Clock, OSD OSD (optional) OSD (including English, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Chinese) AC Active or Black Conditions Conditions (W 387(H) 190(D) 438(W 516(H) 10(D) UL, CE, TUV/GS, FCC-B, BSMI, CCC, TCO'99 (optional) Item to to to to Humidity
Interface The following the If the the below match the of assured. If the of the the then to Basically the polarity both or to the and polarity the the of the exactly of the VGA
If the selected NOT included below this LCD the
the input smoothly to1280 it fro and o raphics
Advanced Background The the function of electricity-savin of to If the the of electricity hort and LCD Whe LC become back light of immediately The turning-on and of lights ightness shortening the of the lights. to the the Life-Extension function of that, the function of Life-Extension. Once option of Advanced the OSD and then of ights. 3.Working of the Life-Extension function o the of turn-on and turn-of o CD ife-Extensio electricity to the back-light of LCD of o right the C or of Please the following graphics (withou Advanced (wit ife-Extensio ON This Slow-Start-n-Delay-Of approach of electricity and the turning-on and turning-of o the LCD Therefore, of o FT -LCD the which than was. The of the Life-Extension function (why Advanced as According to the of EP (US Protection Agency) to o onitors, o o o withi seconds the Life-Extension function electricity o the backlights of LCD Therefore, the as wit o though,comparing the o onditions, to
the Life-Extension function? the OSD o the Life-Extension function. Press the to the OSD Press or to the Press the to the selection or to the Advanced optio Press the to the selection Press o to the Press the to the OSD
FCC This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. NOTE: This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the to outlet from that to which the connected. the or Regulations ARNING: unauthorized to this of uthorization to and warranty
Congratulations! purchased TCO99 and choice professional o purchase contributed to reducing the the and to the further of products. become established the of and services to The as as and other concerned, that both the products and their Since to satisfactorily recycle the of of these or There other characteristics of such as that from the of both the (internal) and Since of electricity the and to offices often continuously and thereby of What TCO99 This the the TCO99 which international and of computers. The the TCO (The Confederation of Professional Employees), (The Swedish Conservation) and (The Swedish National Administration). o of and and and fire The the and of heavy brominated and chlorinated CFCs and chlorinated other things. The recycling and the to which to each country where the its The includ that the and/or of inactivity reduce its to or The of to the reasonable the products of the reduction of and physical and and Below fin summary of the this The from: TCO SE-1 information TCO99 and products obtained the the
boards, wires, casings and Their to or least to the of fire. to of the casing of bromine or and those chemically related to another of toxins, Both the containing bromine or and the suspected of to health effects, including fish-eating and to the found and researchers fear that The TCO99 that than with organically bound bromine or allowed the boards rechargeable and the layers of displays. the and toxic high The TCO99 that batteries, the of and the or Mercury Mercury found batteries, relays and switches. It the and toxic high The TCO99 that mercury that mercury o the or associated with CFC The TCO99 that neither CFCs the and assembly of the CFCs boards. CFCs and thereby the the causing increased reception earth of light with increased of Lead** Lead found and Lead the and higher The TCO99 the inclusion of developed. as hich withi o Lead, and Mercury heav hich