Introduction and AMD or 256MB RAM Microsoft USB with USB and Software CD You to the and software the included CD the to the If with and the New or New appears, the Steps: the CD CD-ROM The should automatically. Follow the on-screen instructions to the installation. Click the to Select to know about To this to Microsoft To this broadband and software which (such as properly You and the following these the to Select the Sound and the the appears You the of the microphone and the located the front of the directly. If hear sound from the applications. Select Sounds and then USB as the both sound and sound recording. To or when there sound from the to Sounds and that checked. Advanced You or accordingly. To microphone the Advanced and Recording Recording and OK there Advanced button. Select Advanced Other that AGC checked. If LED from to red recording Press the Microphone once and the LED back to information directly to the USB or USB recommended. sound of playback or headphones headphone located the of the FCC This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and This interference, received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the the or technician Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. CAUTION or the the authority to the FOR EUROPE The conformity with the EMC and Information this to without The or or otherwise) the and of this and of or other including to or other of this or or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or information recording and without the written of the WEEE LOGO of (Applicable the Union and other countries with and to their respective owners. July
AMD 256MB RAM Compatible Microsoft CD CD-ROM. instructions AMD CPU, 256MB RAM Microsoft Installations-CD AMD o 256MB RAM Microsoft CD CD- ROM. French AMD 256MB RAM. Compatible Microsoft CD CD-ROM. Spanish AMD MB RAM o Microsoft o CD CD-ROM. as o AMD of 256MB RAM Compatibel Microsoft cd-romstation. Dutch