with LCD the correctly............................................................................. the Charging the battery........................................................................................... Lithium-polymer Turning the Turning the LCD........................................................................................... LCD selection................................................................................................... with USB USB activity............................................................................................. (SD) memory Turning sound on/off About light lock-out............................................................................................ internal memory or SD the Software...................................................................................... PhotoBase Connecting the 3MP to PC Troubleshooting Specifications Notes...................................................................................................21-22
with LCD with LCD roughly the of credit thick. The portability and its free rechargeable battery, interface, and easy when the to PC with the USB station. to that the the items below: USB CD-ROM Carry Strap Station If items please the where purchased the the as the repairs, To that correctly, the Notes section and the of this the correctly to the and light of the that the securely to The to light light the to and this might light the this to the with the front of the Instead, the its that the light of the off and first to that the properly. This become holding the to satisfactory
the LED SD Card LED On/Off LCD On/Off Select
Charging the of the of this to other On charge, the of already to should to without recharging to to follow the instructions below to that leaving The lithium-polymer the when the PC the USB to charge the the first first the included software the Software section and then the the USB the the LED charging the LED steady Lithium-polymer o the Section o It approximately hours to charge battery. o The 0C and +40C. o The to or recharged. o Lithium-polymer their charge when used. to charge the o To that as as switch the off when o The of You increase the amount of the or another to heat If using heating to the directly the
Turning the Press the once to the Press to the off. The time-out to life. (or the time-out off). the when the button. Press the once to the If the LED and then the off. the immediately. Turning the LCD The LCD when the Press the LCD once to switch to with Press the LCD to off the LCD. LCD LCD selection three of operation: Picture-taking Playback and USB downloading to and charging the battery) the USB connected to the and the to USB Counter. of shots. Indicates Battery Charge State The charge. The approximately half-charged. charging The charge. Please recharge immediately. Flashes and off while Steady when to
The LED when the ready to If the LED the ready. It while and seconds while recharging the flash. Press the to the the and arrow to Press the Select to through the options. Press the to selections. Function FLASH TIMER SIZE ON Turns SOUND OFF off LANGUAGE Takes/Displays ZOOM Takes/Displays MIN off of inactivity TIMEOUT MIN off of inactivity HIGH high LCD DISPLAY LOW LCD COUNTER RESET the counter to AUTO functions the OFF ON Force to function lighting OFF Self-timer off seconds the the self-timer function off. seconds the LARGE MEDIUM SMALL ENG English FRA ITA DEU ESP Chinese NL Dutch POR
Typical picture-taking displays with the the of the the and to seconds the front LED when the pressed. It counting with seconds of (with the sound and seconds of (with the there and the LED steady.
the to and to to them. the switch to the right. The first. If the empty, the the active (SD or memory) displayed. to internal memory, the SD the to Selection Confirm of Select or Confirm of Select or Format the SD memory or USB the USB to to and to recharge the battery. The selection switch or Playback). the USB to the USB the and the USB to the USB You hear low-high when connecting and high-low when disconnecting. buttons inactive USB USB activity LED Charging LED LED USB LED USB connected and LED to PC Please Section to to Activity Whats
(SD) memory of (SD) memory cards. To SD the the SD The LCD the SD when SD the It to the SD the other than To Memory or SD Card section right of the LCD when the SD or the SD write-protected, or there writing to the You To the to or from the SD to or writable SD 3MP offers three choices and and The higher allows to as as inches, memory to The allow to the It to or of Shots (16MB internal memory) To the Turn the and the Select and then LARGE, MEDIUM or SMALL. SD the SD
Turning sound on/off Turn the and the Select Sound and then ON or OFF. To using 3MP Turn the light to the ready. the to AUTO. the the to the to Alternatively, the LCD to the to The LCD when the turned Press the LCD to with the and the The LCD when the through the If the sound that while the while or operating machinery. Doing serious About The offers the of known as This the and where both and bright lighting such as or existing or such to directly bright (such as the to the of bright lighting and to Inc. of USA. light lock-out light lock-out that the from light when the ready. light lock-out the warning the sound off. To light lock-out, holding the the warning
To the Turn the and switch the to playback. Press the and the arrow to to the or to the Press the Select to selection. selection. the to the To the selection switch to the to To the the Turn the and switch the Picture-Taking to Playback. Press the and the arrow buttons to to the or to the Press the Select to selection. selection. To the selection switch to the to internal memory or SD To internal memory or SD Warning: Formatting SD or memory information. If formatting SD the the the SD formatting the memory. Turn the and switch the Picture-Taking to playback. Press the and the arrow to Format. Press the Select to selection. the arrow buttons to Yes/No. Press the to selection. To switch the selection switch to Picture-Taking
the Software ME, or XP or 32MB RAM 200MB CD-ROM
PhotoImpression CD CD-ROM. Introduction appear automatically. Click ArcSoft PhotoImpression Click Next Click Click Click Next To about PhotoImpression or to clicking or the
PhotoBase CD CD-ROM. Introduction appear automatically. Click ArcSoft PhotoBase Click Next Click Next to Click Next Click Click To about PhotoBase4.0 or to clicking or the
Connecting the 3MP to PC the software the USB the USB The operating that the that the and properly. To this: to USB Click Computer Displayed Click
Click GETMYPIX.EXE Click
this Click when The from the to the specified
Troubleshooting Symptom Battery the internal turn (section Picture-taking PC PC the Interference from other Disconnected other USB USB appears or off as expected The the turned off to or ON the of the or LCD (preview) when the The Turn the The or when the The too from the The Clean the with cloth finished the charging LED steady turned Turn the the SD internal memory (section or SD (section the USB both of the USB connected the the to the of the or LCD
the to the PC with the USB and Computer] the USB or [Unknown [Other Then the and the software reconnecting the to the PC. malfunctions LCD The LCD If the off light. with the LCD off, the LCD to OFF the the turned Everything the LCD flashes and or LCD displays E2 when SD memory with the firmware with PC If the firmware firmware of recommended. firmware? appears when the to PC with the USB the to firmware. Incompatible SD memory the Turn off the connected to the PC and then turn back If connected to the PC the from the USB cord, and off then Format SD flash memory or SD section Press the LCD once to the LCD.
Specifications 1/2-inch CMOS with active to with with and low-light-level activation to ISO to seconds F.L. F/3.0 to Fixed, to infinity Reverse-Galilean TFT on-off, selection, LCD off, select, arrow arrow activation (low-light White 16MB memory SD Computer/host interface USB or with MS ME, or XP including Battery Lithium-polymer (rechargeable, 0C 40C (32F 104F) Humidity: or of Inc. of MA, USA.
Notes strongly that these Notes (and associated WARNING The CD-ROM. to this ordinary CD as high that hearing or The to this There serious of the around or otherwise the carelessly, as this or injury. through the the or other light. Doing eyesight. the locations to sunlight, as this fire to the the to or throw fire. the or otherwise to the Notes Copyright recorded that copyright without the of the owner, that apply to the photographing of and when purely to that the of memory containing or protected copyright within the those copyright If the (LCD) with the the If of the following the action indicated: If the with cloth and then thoroughly with and If the affected with least and then If mouth thoroughly with of and induce Then This To that recorded correctly, the to or shock while recorded.
to or the the following of locations: the or or to such as sunlight or closed to affected or to (such as motors, or with chemicals such as or to or products of such as or or where there wind-borne If the from location location, the of the or the this switch the off and hour using the Cleaning blower to from the LCD or and then lightly with cloth. Leaving the allow to the this the scratch the LCD or as these easily Clean the of the with cloth. such as thinners, or as these with the and or the coating. the airports to shocks, and the internally when To fire or shock the to or CAUTION: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE COVER (OR BACK). NO USER-SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER SERVICING TO QUALIFIED SERVICE PERSONNEL. of This Product of this with regulations.
of Inc. of USA. Microsoft and of the Microsoft Corporation of the U.S. and other countries. to the Microsoft of Corporation. other or or of the respective