Congratulations purchasing this exciting This office with features, and from the interference caused those human-oriented characteristics and while surfing the or the function clicking the Office to the often-used Office, and other applications. Please the to PS/2 or USB ME, or USB XP operating Microsoft ME, PS/2 and or XP operating the PC PS/2 directly the USB USB the USB PC. (USB USB to PS/2 Software Installation the CD CD-ROM. SetupKey.exe the CD. Then follow the on-screen instruction to the The to You the option to the The when the The operating to the input USB to that the USB and the USB operating You to it correspondently, and to know the o o o o Turn off the PC first. Directly the PS/2 the PC PS/2 Turn the PC PS/2 please the (USB to PS/2 This the USB to PS/2 PS/2 USB (USB to PS/2 QG
Information This light to It or reflective the only clean, to smooth and action. C C C C This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected. the or The Class of the Interference-Causing Regulation. toutes This with of the FCC to the following This interference. This interference received, including interference that operation. This the following countries EU Germany, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Spain, United Greece. other and Iceland. or the the authority to this interface to comply with The information this to without and the of the warranty of representation, or implied, with to the or of this The the right to to the of this and/or the products associated with without obligation to or of such the indirect, or of the or to this or of the of such Copyright rights IBM, PC/AT and PS/2 of International Corporation. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation the United States of America and/or other other of their Printed QG