Information 98SE operating please to to and the to the and ME, and XP operating the immediately the to PC. If to the function of the please to and the USB Microsoft 98SE, ME, or XP operating CD-ROM CD or operation) sound CD or operation) Microsoft Office or Microsoft or the directly the USB the USB PC. the of the correctly. Please follow the polarity the USB The USB included operating of the USB the and then New Please follow the USB Once this completed the basic functions of the USB the operating The functions the the please the SetupKey.exe the directory and this Then follow the on-screen instruction to the The Procedure The of the immediately the USB PC USB If cant please follow the below to ID of the The top of the with LED to the or reception The function to interference from other RF products the to ID when other RF products Press the top of the first. Next, the the of the once. The LED to information. the the LED using the the LED light steadily. The whole should completed within seconds. o o o o USB Connector the right-bottom the when the loaded. top of the (With LED the button) the of the
Battery the the RED LED the light while the to the of this please immediately when the RED LED lights the the RED LED Battery Information life. when appears. Don't of or and together. with and type of or the and and right this the and other features. or The to the The the the the and the To the of Information This light to therefore, reflective, or The clean, and light to smooth and action. This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or only shielded to I/O to this FCC Warning: This with of the FCC to the following this interference, this interference received, including interference that operation. Information to The users or instruction or the user that or the the authority to the or the the authority to this interface to with Printed (With RED LED beneath) FCC GUIDELINES