Congratulations purchasing this exciting RF rechargeable This office with features office and to and those human-oriented characteristics and while surfing the or using applications. The thing of this the This thoughtful the then and money batteries. the function clicking the Office to the often-used Office, and other applications. Please the to PS/2 or USB ME, or XP operating USB Microsoft ME, or XP operating the PC directly the USB the USB USB PC. USB Connector (USB USB to PS/2 ID This wireless ID and The function to interference from other RF products the to ID when other RF products The CONNECT the ID each The LED front of the rechargeable shows connecting The should to first If cant please follow the below to ID of this RF rechargeable o o o o PS/2 please the (USB to PS/2 This the USB to PS/2 Turn off the PC first. the the USB Directly the PS/2 of the the PC PS/2 Turn the PC Connector (USB to PS/2 M993U/C QG
Firstly, the ID the of the once. The the front to the from the Then the ID the of the once. The the rechargeable front and then to the You follow the to ID The whole should completed within seconds or to Software the CD CD-ROM. SetupKey.exe Then follow the instruction to the The to You the option to the The when the The operating to the input USB to that the USB and the USB operating You the to correspondently, and to know the ID BUTTON M993U/C QG
Battery Indication There indication. Battery when when the the rechargeable recharged, the or rechargeable recharging, the LED front steadily to recharging the recharging the LED front steady Information This rechargeable light to It or reflective the clean, to smooth and action. Battery about appear recharge the rechargeable this Battery off Battery and flashing to Please recharge the rechargeable when this flashing appears, or the when operating this appear M993U/C QG
C C C C This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions interference to However, there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected. the or The Class of the Interference-Causing toutes This with of the FCC to the following This interference. This interference received, including interference that operation. This the following countries EU countries: Germany, Ireland, Italy, United Greece. other and Iceland. or the the authority to this interface to comply with The information this to without and the of the warranty of representation, or implied, with to the or of this The the right to to the of this and/or the products associated with without to or of such the indirect, or of the or to this or of the of such Copyright rights IBM, PC/AT and PS/2 of International Corporation. M993U/C QG
Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation the United States of America and/or other other of their respective Printed M993U/C QG