Network Convergence with CNA and Platform to with platform using At users to high performance, connectivity With converged users choices when Network (SAN) with and Ethernet (FCoE) The Network (CNAs) of advanced, field-proven LightPulse (HBA) them I/O This Bridging (DCB) as the foundation of includes of FCoE; and of to CNA and converged with Products CNA OneCommand and R2 Introduction Ethernet (FCoE) INCITS T11 that the features of Ethernet I/O the The Network (CNA) the first to offloads TCP/IP, and with It allows to once, creating to the of and history of closely with Microsoft and other to that converged This information about and of to the when with and R2. Network Convergence The of high increasing and the each dedicated to type of High of and switch Complicated cabling Complex of switch and firmware and associated service White
White Network Convergence with CNA and Platform The clearly of that the of and next-generation The the of the following high with high- reducing the of switch and and to the each type. the physical and service each type of traffic. the of to services based the business of DCB type The Foundation Network Convergence The IEEE Bridging (DCB) or as shown FCoE. The DCB that Priority Flow (PFC) I/O and Ethernet that latency and to as Quality of Service Enhanced Selection (ETS) The of (including and within Ethernet and the overhead of intermediate Ethernet This lightweight that Ethernet switches high performance that typical of as the including and Unit (LUN) shows and software Ethernet to the and
White Network Convergence with CNA and Platform of Network Convergence and The of and the following to IT organizations: Network and I/O converged that SAN and Network (LAN) connectivity with switch and Protection existing investments to existing the of the and routed forwarding switch the existing SAN. with switches and to and theres to and to framework and protects existing and and lowers operating Increased IT and business A converged and repeated such as and with once The converged business and to or expanded services, and CNA The single-chip CNA that while and The offloads from the CPU, high performance and CPU The retained CPUs CPU and the of CNAs of advanced, field- LightPulse HBA them I/O CNA Network The of Ethernet switches and CNAs the adoption of and as the converged network switches typically the of the They Ethernet with and supply the function to the SAN. routed FC that connected to switch or NPIV or Ethernet the switch to the LAN. and to SAN
White Network Convergence with CNA and Platform with The following sections to CNA and converged with CNA CNAs the functionality as and HBAs. Each CNA as HBA and NIC to CNAs both NIC and or functionality to the operating (OS) This of that the CNA and the as would with NIC and HBA Once the CNA the host, launched from to that the CNA the host. The the as as the CNAs and both and NIC There three software of CNAs Storport Download from OneCommand Download from Included with the OneCommand OneCommand OneCommand the to the field- and of HBA) and CNA, NIC) physical and It and through graphical interface (GUI) as as interface (CLI), increase efficiency and business of options from the to both and The Storport of the that the to and the The or the of the the and of the OneCommand There input and of required. The Storport with the and of the included in-box and R2. The inbox Storport should updated with the that from the The OneCommand (previously of both and The to the Storport the OneCommand and other software.
White Network Convergence with CNA and Platform To the to the to the OneCommand and From the Downloads. This the Downloads this the top of the UCNAs, UCNA Downloads Within the Downloads and section there of operating listed. this with the Application the section. This includes the OneCommand (GUI and CLI). The Downloads UCNA displayed, which includes and the Application The Download UCNA www.emulex.com/downloads/emulex/oneconnect-ucnas/oce10102-windows-ent.html The section shows of the and each of the FC and FCoE, this includes of LightPulse HBAs, UCNAs and first-generation CNAs. The UCNA the of these This the process, protects investments and reduces TCO. To with the from the Downloads UCNA and the installation: to the and Applications section and the Download the Once the completed, to the of the Follow the of as the the Select Select the OneCommand (NIC, and/or with OneCommand to HBAs OneCommand converged with platform, shows OneCommand with the information. with OneCommand straightforward
White Network Convergence with CNA and Platform The OcE the the top Click the to and each The NIC the MAC The the A as would Click the and the to the right. those with the and apply IT accustomed to OneCommand and easy to World Headquarters CA UK with twitter.com/emulex friendfeed.com/emulex bit.ly/emulexlinks Activating the SAN Once the that the FCF the switch to FCoE. which isolation of SAN, based World (WWPN) that the HBA or CNA) that and the CNAs as they IT relationships and Unit that to Once to the LUNS, I/O or services installed. Conclusion Network opportunity to and and such as investment protection and lowered TCO. these without existing architectures and operating CNAs the right converged with and R2. The and of and OneCommand geared increasing productivity and efficiency This directly reduced operating and of ownership. Inc. rights This to and products their their respective these as or This information reference only. Although this information to and the of publication, responsibility or the right to or corrections without This the property of and without from the Company. bit.ly/emulexfb