P003409-01A Connectivity TM Troubleshooting and LightPulse
Copyright rights of this or translated to without the written of Information furnished to and responsibility its or of or other rights of third which from its or otherwise copyright or related rights of BlockGuard, FibreSpy, InSpeed, LightPulse, SAN SBOD and and Connectivity SLI and of other or referenced or of their or organizations. this as without warranty of or implied, including to the warranties of merchantability or and to the this and without its of or other rights of third that to information contained although these incorporated editions of this to of such Street CA Troubleshooting and
Troubleshooting and Informed, Informed, HP-UX Updates The of Work Applications Troubleshooting....................................................................................................... the the SAN Connectivity to Collect The Other to Collect Common Can Not Devices or Drives................................................................. Out-of-Date Out-of-Date LP21000 LP21000 LP21000 to and or LED Reference Information and Activity Common LED States Normal Link-Down or Heart-beat indication................................................................................. LP21000 LED Table
Informed, Informed, to and these first when troubleshooting software and the the From the Support. Each firmware and to the the knowledgebase. From the then knowledgebase known to the the README.txt included the information what included, to to started, history and known that the with account the from the the light Common LED States that the firmware the (OEM) or If necessary, and firmware using the the that switch firmware. that software and other and third-party with and known To the and from the From the then the operating (OS). The include and NT of or NT The includes the and the If or the includes which to or and and and Troubleshooting and LightPulse
The Source The includes the and included the the The includes the and the The SMI-S RedHat includes the SMI-S with the SMI-S and the SNIA-CTP The SMI-S SLES-8 pre-packaged with CIMOM as SMI-S ease of and The of and The includes the and the to the SFS FCA as HP-UX The HP-UX PA-RISC and the family. The includes the and the Netware The NetWare of NetWare. The include the If instructions the and the Updates Download the from the Click to to the then the appears with firmware, and Download the firmware, and then the to the firmware the The LP21000 Access (MAC) You that the the to function properly. You the from the other software and the Troubleshooting and LightPulse
The of closely with and to performance of of that both and the and and of firmware, and other software the of (SAN). This testing that each as indicated and operates installation. the (www.emulex.com/interop/index.jsp) that information which firmware/software, switches and other properly function together. It to that the of the SAN, including and firmware/drivers/ software each supported. and the this information. of that allow the of the of the these the of the the or of the and forth what to to SAN performance. the from their or the specified the and Doing performance of the SAN and the SAN that supported, or to improperly. Work the which the The acts these NOT the memory. other SCSI and (FC) information such as timers, FC or the flash. there the that required. The to this from SAN. this the BIOS to the The told which FC the and that information the flash. These Once the operating (OS) the of the and the BIOS Applications of that include These The The stand-alone Troubleshooting and LightPulse
Troubleshooting the the the back and think about what the following If the SAN what from catastrophic typically something commonly SAN switch something as innocuous as to firmware RAID effects SAN. What the to the expected to expected to the expected and manually initiated of the and software when their internal of (RAID) cache What the the repeatable? If repeated Collecting information such as often Since to this information operation, to to the to and the What the the the and switch to the If the flashing or this the to to LED Reference Information Troubleshooting and LightPulse The of The the reporting seconds immediately initiated, then to hour the completed. Path software reported the seconds the initiated. FC to switch and recover immediately tiated.
the Once the where the originates. the the SAN or the this reduces the and of the troubleshooting If the SAN the and its to examined. This topic related to the SAN and the SAN SAN-related include the switch, and cabling. Switch include the and its firmware, software, OS SCSI and software. firmware Troubleshooting and LightPulse CRC or other the FC This performance and FC as as FC with the This to improperly and the SAN recover from These include topology or Improperly that this the of SAN performance of improperly include enough to the Units or too to If this the and Outdated firmware. Outdated firmware topology or when the FCP-2 Recovery which the Unsupported If the responding, the another to the the The the and and the or
software OS SCSI Path software Connectivity SAN or existing SAN, connectivity appear the OS, although the ready The offline or that to connectivity FC that there the LED lights that the and of each The LED each each and www.emulex.com/ts/index.jsp If the the to or the to the the connected to switch the switch's to the Troubleshooting and LightPulse Incorrectly If the incorrectly, such as timeouts, too commands and software that Incorrect If correct, that expected to the OS software match the If the match the with the HBA API, and functions of the the with the OS patch incorrect performance. OS often of the SCSI to and performance. OS knowledgebase, search there OS patches coordinated low-level from the to properly. the and what of Microsoft's STORPORT.SYS of Storport ELXSTOR.SYS. Unsupported or incorrect SAN and/ or Unsupported software that properly. Tight software and The of the operation. Unsupported Unsupported that too or (these caused incorrectly the Correct the specified the software used.
switch switched to and of and of the to improperly of that directly to with the the trying to the the which the switch. It to that the that properly discovery. the to the and nearly the the FC the SAN. These then assigned SCSI IDs and to the OS. The the to the the SAN that the of whether the where to the OS. This to the that the SAN. that the ON or there the OS to of the expected its to SCSI IDs the OS with the mentioned, the the function that assigns FC to SCSI ID the OS with the Nearly know to directly with FC They the SCSI ID to the SAN. options this The information or the to allow the to the automatically. the OS they typically as or The SAN as SCSI and the Units and the OS, the If and the the the associated with that security that each with the World that with that The allow with unknown World to with the allow to allocated to based World If the with this security and LUN properly the allow the to and with the however, the to the This that the its and the to the OS, the OS with which to Troubleshooting and LightPulse to the FC to SCSI IDs. to FC to SCSI IDs to known of SCSI This using the and typically FC World to SCSI ID This
This covers of and to this with and instruction they OEM and recommended firmware, and from and and and firmware releases. and SAN releases and that the If the or listed, them to their releases. If the and preference, the and firmware releases. releases the and and to the the and sections the This that the each The and OS releases. It other information tested SAN Follow the instructions the and The instructions that easy of the It the URL and the as the with the or the the with the with firmware. with from the the recommended or the released they as stated the to the or than the recommended specified the the and section). the firmware to the to allows the to as It the OS from internal The to this the as they with and to they the and which located the as the the to as would to firmware. the and with the or the It when the associated with as with features to the of the and and their and from the the the specifics of each. They each OS. Troubleshooting and LightPulse
recommended firmware, and from and and releases that they SAN releases and that the If the releases. If the preference, the and releases. releases the and the and sections the This that the each The and OS releases. The other information tested SAN with and with their with they recommend. to the and to the that the to and the and OS its of the to the the On through text the to familiarity with the process, to correctly. and of FC to IDs (SCSI IDs). If SAN the each FC of the OS. or to IDs SAN necessary. the each to the SAN the using instructions the and the as the The with and each If with other than the information the and the this to of or If downtime the to downtime scheduled. These with to the SAN thereby causing downtime. Troubleshooting and LightPulse that the and the with the to the used. and immediately, while others the OS to rebooted. which and when necessary. that downtime to recommended downtime scheduled.
to Collect to about or with products. importantly, these information about SAN operation, the appears to of OS This troubleshooting. to of FC RSCN reception, SCSI (such as Condition or and FC (to or this type of troubleshooting only: to and information and This from the section of the The GUI interface The and the SAN. such as and detected. the shows the and the OS the should statistics FC This counts such as CRC received, and other statistics. These counters or or The these counters selected Checking that of firmware, and software correct. This to SAN. The and this If necessary, the to of the of The collects such as firmware, and software and The the selected and the memory to This often useful when Technical when the memory required. the to the and firmware. These to the and malfunctioning Other to Collect Other SAN to switches to the and switch which the switch revision, information about the the counters each switch Troubleshooting and LightPulse
Common Symptoms that to the to (POST). The the flashing or The incorrect the or There onboard There Peripheral (PCI) There firmware physical FC interface to follows the high count the Statistics of the include (CRC) of of this type) or optics. information Symptoms that and activity that the through the mounting and the and of the POST function. indicated when the LED flashes and the yellow LED off Table If the LED, the LED that off. 3.3V LED Topology and improperly matched the and the connected to If there mismatch, the If to the topology or to the The improperly loaded, or If the the loaded. If the the If the the when the other than the to the Click the and the field. If the other than the The from known to the to the or connected If the the loopback If isolated the to the loopback the or the the The optics match the cabling. If the type or and cabling the other type, the Troubleshooting and LightPulse
Can Not Devices or reasons why or 3.3V LED The that the On indicated when the LED flashes and the LED off On switch, the LED the switch the switch The from known to the to the or connected The improperly or loaded. that completely and loaded. the host. turned off. The first the with off, the to the OS. the information where On the FC off using the On the Storport and with the On the Solaris, the On the the On the HP-UX, and assigns SCSI IDs World (WWPN). Three (scan-down, and the FC the the information. The the to The switch incorrectly. The the to the The incorrectly. the RAID security that the the (WWNN). Out-of-Date These to information, appear incorrectly The operated correctly services that the rebooted, the or there time-outs. with the software that the of software and that and that that software. with third-party software with the software that the of software and that and firmware that software. operating operation Troubleshooting and LightPulse To the of Discovered the discovery-tree. To information to and the
Out-of-Date Symptoms that to firmware. information, The FC to or Mailbox time-out the OS or the UNIX One or flashing. The responding. The than expected performance. LP21000 LP21000 CEE Switch Typical CEE the hosts. that the the and the the DCE switch. the DCE switch and to the The or allows to CEE CNA such as revision, type, priority, and forth. Switch If the LP21000 WWNN the FC switch to this and the as firmware, and from and LP21000 Symptoms Symptoms such as POST and PCI the LP21000 to that with incompatible Convergence Enhanced Ethernet and firmware the LP21000 family. the firmware that the firmware the Access MAC The LP21000 MAC that the the You the from the other software and the FC the Network (CNA) connected to Ethernet Enhanced The CNA LED the and to the switch. operation, this LED this LED off, the CNA and switch. FC Down. If the to the switch or the DCE switch properly both and the FC LED The yellow LED off. Cant Devices or If that the FC including ISL the switch and the FC switch and the FC switch and the If the CNA FC LED this and the LED to CNA and switch. the FC switch. that the Ethernet properly traffic. Troubleshooting and LightPulse
to the this and follow troubleshooting, such as or firmware. the supported. If the the knowledgebase located the section of to the The knowledgebase If the knowledgebase Technical Support. Technical Support, the information to to the type of the following information: OS and each the and the each affected host. or of that related to the or to the SAN, OS, firmware or SAN The and of the following information these with the with the SFS FCA HP-UX: Netware: Troubleshooting and LightPulse of and the If the of the found the section of the of of of of The of the SFS or patches of of the the of the Applications of the of of when the
and The to the following: and and released and (OEM and and phone information) (Technical knowledgebase Product information Warranty information Product switches and SR-1215/BR-2401 and routers) Interoperability/Compatibility to products) The of the and Supplier-Qualified and and products their own respective and software and these products. The software and as as information of products. Released Downloads and .The and types, and firmware each (OEM and This OEM and information, SAN switch EMEA information and and switches and information. (Technical the The searchable knowledgebase on-going to with to of products. Information products as as products. topics knowledgebase ID to the knowledgebase from the Search information using the knowledgebase: Troubleshooting and LightPulse or phrase: Conduct search (such as the or and choosing as the match or search and choosing as the match the ID: ID the ID field know the ID to this search).
This protected allows to and the of existing clicking the the or of RMA. information, or The through AM to PM If or telephone Technical Product this to You the following information to Product and Whether through the or telephone, gather the following information and located the Record the information from the and the RMA Products or To to or authorization the RMA to of these RMA this Authorization to to service to the service the of RMA Products or the Services to the of existing RMA: the Americas, telephone: option and then option telephone: telephone the through AM to PM option and then option South option and then option option and then option Troubleshooting and LightPulse Customer city, and Product or Product Purchase Bill-to and ship-to and products to products to Purchase products of
More than Products or RMA or phone to or than products. AfterHours, or after-hours, or The Americas and Warranty Information .PDF of the warranty. Product This and products, including switches and SR-1215/BR-2401 and routers) This protected allows to Technical specifically and routers. Interoperability/Compatibility to products) Select from the that tested and FC and CNAs. information or CNA type or OS. Troubleshooting and LightPulse Telephone: option Telephone:
LED Reference Information and Activity POST Each of and yellow through the mounting that the and of the POST. firmware activity information LED Table switches or whether: The switch or The The the Common LED States Although the LED the three Normal, that the or Heart-beat Normal that the and to the switch. Everything indicated with LED and yellow LED. LED and LED. LED and LED. LED and LED. LED and yellow LED. LED and LED. Troubleshooting and LightPulse
LED and yellow LED. LED and fast LED. LED and yellow LED. or The and flashing LED with the yellow off Heart-beat 3.3V LED. LP9402DC, LP1050, LP1050DC, LP10000 and LP10000 LED located the back of the the mounting If the LP9002C LED the mounting If this LED lighted, the supplying 3.3V to the LP21000 The LP21000 LED that CNAs. (Ethernet Troubleshooting and LightPulse The and the to instructions. The If the and the pulled or switch turned off, then the to this If least of the the LED or off. ON ON/OFF Activity OFF
LED apply to both HBAs and CNAs. The to both HBAs and CNAs. The and apply to HBAs only. Table LED Reference LED LED State board) On POST board) POST Flashing POST On while functioning On On while functioning On On Normal or Restricted offline Flashing Restricted offline active) Troubleshooting and LightPulse On On On On On On