MAJOR FEATURES with reducing service service with advanced and statistics Increases performance to while performance to while to to months increasing the of Switch New of RAS Performance Switch From Shared The Switch the only switch specifically switch applications. inhouse that Switches as to to month to who to the and Serviceability (RAS) and performance of their switches SAN that too too and too Switches specifically to the and that switching the and the of shared While the associated with connectivity acknowledged, the and complexity of high performance switching the and physically that. to only
Shared Architecture: Unexpected Servicing, and increase to the of the and associated with existing RAS increase. Additionally, performance to connectivity the back of latency. the of statistics and architectures the of predicting, troubleshooting and and costly that often offline or servicing. With the introduction of leading the latency and associated with shared connectivity. costeffective and easy to switched architecture that RAS characteristics, and performance as the service and the MTTR of their while insuring the of their customers throughout the of the InSpeed: The of Switch products InSpeed. performance, simplicity and compatibility, advanced switching architecture coupling switch with and SERDES highlyintegrated switchona (SOC), of industry analysts and and tested or of the awardwinning to the first Switches offtheshelf, switching that functionality numerous Switch Switches directly to
The Switch 1U, half factor switch that Switch Switch switched connectivity the (or NAS head) and shelves within RAS and to performance while Switched of Switches SOCbased Switched Switch with to RAS and to performance while and to with the of Higher Switches of to active. These right from of and they the to where their health and performance continually collecting statistics to and corrective action to from the they health; that as as of known with InSpeeds Stealth that interruptions caused health or and the factory to them from interruptions their effective InSpeeds hardwareprotected isolation of within the that of isolation from each other, whether temporarily or permanently.
Serviceability One of the with architectures the to isolate and This with InSpeeds builtin advanced and statistics and while active to users, downtime and lowering field service Furthermore, Switches interface that and shelves as to to through the architectures InSpeedbased switches reduce the to service the field as as and allow sophisticated to Higher Performance While Scaling Another to switched back the to the of and performance Switches to three the performance of shared architectures as the to higher of The of MB of of and capacity Based switch that or performance the switch of 48Gb/s. typically found shared architectures and performance as to and and when advanced replication, or rebuilding Switches with advanced performance while features. and with each other to the or explicitly other Switches and/or switched and protection. to performance while to Switches to month to inhouse architectures that tested and field leading Testing and switches to they and
Reduced Product Costs importantly, Switches reduce the MB as as of the offering to reducing the of to or performance as to each path. of ownership further reduced simplified with the advanced RAS and performance Switch From Shared why Switches become the leading within their The Switch exclusively RAS and performance while architectures the switching
SPECIFICATIONS STANDARDS FC-AL, FC-AL2, FC-PH, FC-PH2, FC-PH3, FC-PI, FC-PLDA, FCP Interoperability: to FC_AL and ARCHITECTURE Ports: Physical Interface: industrystandard SFP to switches and interswitch with and or ALPAbased and portbased Stealth and and portbased Integration: SOC with integrated SERDES Redundancy: firmware PERFORMANCE or (400MBps Switch Latency: than with cutthrough routing Performance: switching Switch Core: switch to other or explicitly Corporate HQ CA U.K. PHYSICAL ATTRIBUTES halfrack 1U height mount or MANAGEMENT Software: Integrated with Access: TELNET, SNMP MIB Physical Interface: Ethernet (RJ-45), RS-232 DIAGNOSTICS Operations: insertion, health clock of of action and Troubleshooting CRC counting, counters POWER REQUIREMENTS VAC, ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS to C to C Humidity: to to Vibration: ISTA 2A Switch AGENCY APPROVALS United States: Safety: NRTL, EMC: FCC Class Safety: NRTL, EMC: ICES-003 Class Safety: EN60950, EMC: EN55022, EN55024, CE Safety: IEC60950, EMC: VCCI Class Safety: AS/NZS EMC: AS/NZS Class International: Safety: IEC60950, EMC: CISPR22, CISPR24 OPTIONS ACCESSORIES The with US cord, and Card. The through within the interface. mount and SFP separately. agency with This to and products their their respective these as or This information reference only. Although this information to and the of publication, responsibility or the right to or corrections without