Network Convergence with LP21000 CNA and ESX to with ESX
Table of Introduction of Network Convergence of Network Convergence Introduction to LP21000 CNA Network with ESX CNA Instantiation ESX the LP21000 as the LP21000 Multipathing ESX the LP21000 as Network the LP21000 NIC ESX Scaling to Conclusion
Introduction Ethernet (FCoE) of and LAN The of include and operating the and than ESX of allowing to physical This of increases the I/O and the I/O FCoE-based converged the increased while simplifying the I/O This information about using and of to the from ESX of Network Convergence their computing to broad of services. to their computing to the these services, they the of and This typically increased and operating cooling and IT reducing the efficiency of operations. to these the industry empowering with technologies that and the of physical and the related associated with and the expanded of higher I/O and adoption of which and Since the of (SAN) I/O and network (LAN) traffic. With the of the of and the of expected to higher. While IT to reality this increases the of and switch to directly with and the the and of the
factors Network FCoE, the while and the efficiency of the of Network Convergence converged the following to IT organizations: of ownership through converged based lowers the of switch and to both SAN and LAN connectivity. The reduction the of the of and the expanded offload to the higher CPU which reduces and cooling while protecting existing organizations phase the of converged FCoEbased without affecting the existing and or the to and existing the of framework and connected protects existing and and lowers the operating of the
Increased IT efficiency and business converged and repeated such as and with once The converged business and to or expanded services, and The converged the of the where and the the of the the With the of and there increased these this Ethernet and SAN The of light-weight that and high of performance. with existing operating and based converged IT architects the to architecture that with existing and operating This the to or operating procedures and IT the industry that the The Ethernet to Ethernet to both the and the and reduces the of switch and which lowers the and cooling and the of ownership. to Ethernet
existing to of the Network Netw nced Ethernet and Chann as the to LP21 eading (CNA and and A) Applications Network SCSI FCP TCP FC-2 IP Ethern to the CN NA of The LP12 while CoE to the The high performance LP21000 LP21000 CNA age and
PCI or higher) to the of the Ethernet interfaces, both and I/O The flow of and selection partitioning and service types. The LP21000 the architecture and the reliability, performance and characteristics of to the converged Network closely with Convergence Enhanced Ethernet (CEE) switch to the of based converged The of Ethernet switches and CNAs the of and the Ethernet as the converged the The Ethernet switch, typically with and to the services of switch. The switch connected directly to directly as or connected to another switch or or NPIV which then connected to the of the SAN. and to SAN
with ESX of the of reduces the of switch and as LAN and SAN with with and HBAs CNA The following sections of to and LP21000 ESX CNA Instantiation ESX Although the CNA physical entity, to operating the as HBA and NIC (Network Interface Card).This of to the operating that the CNA and the as NIC and HBA this to ESX, the LP21000 CNA ESX as both HBA and NIC. The ESX the and the Network Network SAN SAN Administration/VMRC NIC Network VMotion Effects of CNA Rack-mount ESX Network Network Network VMotion Administration/VMRC NIC VMotion
hosted the ESX The and of the ESX (typically The the CNA as HBA and NIC LP21000 CNA ESX the the the as as the CNAs and both and NIC both CNAs. the LP21000 as installation, the LP21000 appears as to that of HBA The each associated with WWN (World and to that the the selected LP21000. LUN and operations, LUN to HBA.
selecting from within the the to the and the (VMFS), or (RDM) information to the ESX Both the ESX using the physical HBA or CNA. LP21000 CNAs appear as the to the
IT organizations the HBA based the ANSI T11 ID (NPIV) This allows physical CNA or HBA to function as with each identity the NPIV with ESX and of RDM. NPIV, each to its which consists of the of Worldwide (WWNN) and Worldwide (WWPNs), as shown the using this the as those HBAs, including and VMotion. the LP21000 Multipathing ESX Multipathing to switch, or with the CNA typically the of or with CNAs to to HBA each of the CNA to the including physical connectivity, LUN and other each LP21000 the to the and ESX created those then ESX the switching or the to that to their required, the functionality of ESX. CNA with each to CEE switch. LP21002 Though the to the and active-standby the CNA as the of This the with CNAs host. CNAs the high converged redundancy Dual-Ported CNA Switch Switch SAN SAN
LP21000 this the of CNA the and immediately with interruption to applications. Within ESX, from the selecting followed selecting the From the selecting Paths the to the and the (fixed, active, or round Once the completed of CNAs ESX the functionality of the CNAs the of the CNA (NIC teaming). CNA redundancy Single-Ported CNAs CNA initiated Switch Switch SAN SAN
the LP21000 as Network the LP21000 appears as NIC the as shown where appears as shown which built the motherboard.). It recommended that the service physical the This the security the service as as CNA to shared reach the through the (which of or vSwitches) which with the physical to and assign selecting from the and then to the Select switch and the (which of CNAs) from the to them as to the switch. Since with of the shared recommended that to from The VLAN information as of the of the LP21000 CNAs appear as
the LP21000 NIC ESX NIC when associated with vSwitch to team. team the of physical and or the of or shows the of vSwitches within ESX The service assigned to vSwitch that connected to NIC. The vSwitch the service and On the the vSwitch connected to LP21000 CNAs which through NIC teaming. where vSwitch with CNAs NIC Scaling to FCoE-based its of the the to both the and SAN without increasing the complexity. software that and as as platform LightPulse HBAs and CNAs. It to HBAs and CNAs and hosts. features of include
Unified of HBAs and CNAs and from SAN WWN reporting The of graphical interface (GUI) and command interface (CLI) options with The broad of operating including and ESX and cross-platform of the of that attractive and high firmware with the to or flash firmware without to the CNA or HBA, and the to of with clicks. Application HBAs and CNAs that or the architecture where the with of HBAs and CNAs. This reduces and simplifies The of LP21000 CNA that with and the architecture existing to their to attached SAN. assigning apportioning assignments each as shown
Conclusion of the of converged the converged and the of services where and services the Ethernet and such as investment protection and lowered of ownership. these without existing architectures and operating with to based the ESX This outline to this ESX
Inc. CA USA www.vmware.com Street CA USA Corporation. Rights of this or translated to without written of Information furnished to and responsibility its or of or other rights of third which from its or otherwise copyright or related rights of the and SLI of the boxes and SMP and VMotion or of Inc. the United States and/or other other and of their respective