ENMVG USB
ENMVG Notice This as without warranty of or implied, including to the warranties or of merchantability or its directors, officers, or indirect, or (including of profits, of business, of or of business), of the of such from or this or Specifications and information this furnished information only, and to without and should as responsibility or or that appear this including the products and software of this including the products and software reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or the purchaser without the written of Product warranty or service the repaired, or such of authorized writing or the of the or Products and appearing this or or copyrights of their respective and only or and to the owners without to MS-DOS, and DirectX of Microsoft Corporation. and of Incorporated. The and both the revisions released each the and the of the the third the Copyright Inc. Rights
ENMVG Chapter Introduction...................................................................................................................... Chapter Started ENMVG................................................................................................................. the software. Chapter the Software The ENMVG Record Snapshot Playback Chapter Supports
Chapter Introduction ENMVG, please the following items included the ENMVG ENMVG CD USB Microsoft TM IBM PC or with CPU or 128MB memory and MB graphic DirectX or graphic or higher One free USB2.0 CD-ROM RPM or RPM
Chapter Started ENMVG To the ENMVG follow the below: the CD that with the ENMVG the CD-ROM then follow the on-screen below. the ENMVG to PC USB the CD the CD-ROM The appear. Select the Click the
Select the and Next to installation. Click Next to Click Next to
to PC and then button. Click Click OK to PC
the software. the ENMVG to PC USB then USB To the properly and started, the Please the Sound, and the CD the CD-ROM The appear. Select the Click the Utility
Select the and Next to installation. Click Next to Click to
Click Next or choose installation. Click to
the Software The ENMVG To to Snapshot: as BMP or JPG Record output selection Record: Record/Stop Record Playback: recorded to Playback Switch Source: Click to or the or Record Click the to the screen Snapshot Record Record Playback Switch Source
Snapshot the Click Record to Click the to the The ENMVG BMP and JPEG The JPEG. Please choose Click Snapshot to
Playback function To the playback alternatively, or [ALT]+[F4] To the playback "MoviePlayer" to To right and Click to and snapshots, and playlist To to recorded recorded To recorded To recorded To recorded To recorded To off to About: To the info to the with the or and Right arrow to Click Playback to Choose the then button.
Play/Pause: Click to the to Stop Snapshot: as BMP or JPG and You option to directory, and Show/Hide the shown from the directory, once to
The top Refresh: To Directory Show/Hide the Directory the through which and Show/Hide the the of through which Wallpaper: the as wallpaper, the right arrow to wallpaper To the of the To To Match You the matched the arrow Chapter Supports information, please Shows to or Width: to of or to height of or the the Click the to the You the software to in/out, or