ENCORE POWER AMPLIFIER OWNER'S MANUAL
GENERAL PRODUCT SAFETY and the operation of this please both this and the owner's to or this This grounding This normally grounded owner's this of the reach of and and them from the and or the of this this or or exhibited of malfunction such as repeatedly blowing repeated or If such should the from the AC the serviced service re-using. to physical when and/or heavy products. This of chains and possibly scratching the these and/or terminals and shock. (input DC should the to AC The when the products amount of turn-off or from AC This of amplifiers and their associated This or this high or the of This should that both and strength. This and heavy which and The chassis of this ground whenever the properly grounded AC If there about the of the AC outlets, the outlets inspected and/or serviced It to this with other products that properly Chassis grounding apply to
AC Cord cords should their or cords cords or where they cords or fire or shock. If please to purchase This should such as to or that and that should allow and of Heat: This should from heat such as sunlight, or other that heat. Sources: This should connected to to the the of the the cleaning. while to AC to owner's of finishes, strongly that prolonged to or hearing products with years of responsibly. Following of sound as reference protection. Sound library, whisper from Light traffic, office cleaner, city traffic, clock If to prolonged the following sounds their hear- train, traffic, near thunderclap Gunshot Information of the research foundation.
INTRODUCTION... Congratulations choosing the Amplifier.. individually from the and The that state-of-the-art It to to of to with Please this and Amplifier that its and performance. If authorized or the factory. It to to Product and high reference Performance Amplifier to the sound and from the The offers who the medium-high reference amplifier. The consists of with input. It the recommended and It tight, and bass as as and high offering clear, sound coupled with high that the of The with high and from other manufacturers. fact, the specifically to with of The input that it the to interactions with loads. enough that high without reasonably high the to easily the industry the XLR type. XLR because they and reliability. Instead, the balanced through authorized with and XLR or RCA the other interfacing with of recommended of balanced the actually the of conductors and shield their
INSTRUCTIONS Unpacking The consists of each to both The the Amplifier should arrive Please inspect to the although this to the of the and and the that the shipped the Should the become please the factory should Amplifier heavy A.C. wrench warranty owner's the that the recommended. should F./50 C. and Selection The Amplifier three-pin highest input It recommended that input using of and Terminations to the of Custom If to to RCA, the E3 The to to to (which three conductors and shield) with and RCA the other. This the three- from the to the and grounding and rejection. To interface with XLR recommended that with and XLR the other
Custom Three-conductor shield should to ground and chassis earth If and three should and as ground and should as the Connecting ground and chassis ground or grounding the as whole. I) the "off'. that AC correctly. the or other that the service the building/house to the The recommended to each of amplifiers. AC IEC of each amplifier. AC to AC The Amplifier as of or with other and The Amplifier of high and to when operating. The following recommended. correct. them. AC or or Turn peripheral first. switching these or off while amplifiers to Turn switches Bring the to the the amplifiers to The Amplifiers of the too high.
through, switch the amplifiers off first turning off the Leaving the amplifiers them, that each approximately If physical occurred to or to or other the repairs and/or authorized Bridging The It DO NOT to ground. Bridging the and warranties.
CELLO LIMITED WARRANTY mechanical years and life. the responsibility of the the following: the first repaired the with to factory rates At or the to the the to the factory service agreed-upon the or years the the to the freight from the factory the shipped to the factory with freight freight without Authorization (RA#). freight found to Warranty of Work repairs or the factory or authorized service facility and the of the warranty the or (whichever which warranty. Product and Transferability: Distributors the the of the when the to the The should to Limited. Warranty the completed the and respectively and to within thirty from the of the to the customer. products owners the of the warranty to effected. to of owners. Please authorized or the Customer Service the factory of warranty
unauthorized repairs or and/or indications of or as grounds to the warranty. Service If functioning properly, please the Customer Service the factory. If to R/A authorization) This appear the of the boxes. without R/A accepted. the owner's If please the Customer Service the factory. The of the Amplifiers of brushed and Ammonia-based or and cloth to the and that the off and cleaning. cleaning the amplifier. when cleaning Excessively the
ELECTRICAL SPECIFICATIONS Amplifier Rated (AVG.) 150W 300W IMD SMPTE 150W THD 150W 300W to to rated Inverting and Non-Inverting 150W............................. 1.8V RMS Non-Bridgeable Includes: and
New CT USA of Inc.