Battery Chargers and Application Battery Inc. (USA-CAN) Introduction Information Charge Charger to Charge (electricity) Summary warranty of service, features or performance of Introduction charging of to performance offers of chargers to the of of features and The following information as to the features offered the family of chargers and their performance. factors performance. of these factors would include of charge and to overcharge and and The charger of these factors and therefore performance. high to over-charge which reduce high chargers. Information Charging of recommended. The charge and charge termination of higher capacity other however the of to charge (non-rechargeable) or lithium) to recharge rechargeable and of or age battery, using the following Battery charge hours of charge. The capacity found the The charge of the found the Product hours. Charge three and termination. They and chargers. of these the following Continuous Rate Charge This type of charger user of the Charge the section. The charger charge the as as the and the Characteristics: Typically least charge (typically than hours) charge rates this type to the of overcharging protection from charging (non-rechargeable) overcharged properly Charger Compact North America
Battery Chargers and Application Battery Inc. (USA-CAN) Introduction Information Charge Charger to Charge (electricity) Summary warranty of service, or performance of Reduced properly This type of charger the charge follow the charge with charge charge to top the off or their charge. Characteristics: charge reduces of charge charge (typically greater than hours) charge rates this type to the of overcharging If the to of AC overcharging protection from charging (non-rechargeable) over-charge or based There to the of charge Charger This type of to the characteristics to when Typically based of with optional or timers. to top the off or to charge the battery. Characteristics: to chargers, chargers typically charge without impacting performance Relatively to Generally higher associated with charging than hour) charging Charger The charger reaches and charge terminated This typically to of charge. Detection Charging charge. the reach the the charge terminated This typically as to overcharging and overheating. Charging Battery Charging Battery VDetection VDetection Charger
Battery Chargers and Application Battery Inc. (USA-CAN) Introduction Information Charge Charger to Charge (electricity) Summary warranty of service, features or performance of Charging charge as to overcharging. to Charge (electricity) The typical to of than charge. the CHDC7 charger input rating of hours of charge, would hours Watt hours or If the of electricity Chargers that rating to when Summary The family of offers of features to the of customers. there often tradeoffs of these features concerning, charge and performance. Typically performance achieved relatively C The Amps or to charge hour to its rated capacity. battery. Capacity: of charge This typically stated Amp-Hours or polarity of terminals of or to Charge, State of (SOC): Condition terms of the rated The SOC typically stated as Charging: of supplying to Charging Battery Charging Battery Charge Charge Charger
Battery Chargers and Application Battery Inc. (USA-CAN) Introduction Information Charge Charger to Charge (electricity) Summary warranty of service, or performance of The and or proceeding of rechargeable such that to its Life: The of rechargeable below of rated capacity. of the to below the specified the or recharged. of (DOD): The of rated to which or The and which hours/day). Milliamp-Hours Product of hours) the flowing). rechargeable chemistry. which the cathode and the rechargeable chemistry. which the cathode and the The forcing of through of the active to the the where the of the obtained. Battery Detection: to recharged. chargers and then terminate the charging process. Rated Capacity: The or specified and to as the usually approximating the or batterys capacity typical Rechargeable: of recharged; to secondary or batteries. The which or its charge when charger that the and terminates the charge when the Charge: of recharging which secondary continuously or intermittently connected to supply that the or Typical charges 0.03C and 0.05C. Charger