Prismatic Including performance and the PP355
Prismatic Battery Chemistry Construction of Prismatic Prismatic Battery PP355 Performance Characteristics Performance Conditions Performance Other Conditions Service Activation and Application and Considerations of Battery Compartment Applications Recommended Cutoff Procedures Recommended and Conditions Polarity Battery ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING VERSION
years, to to hearing chemistry the highest to other Prismatic to what hearing batteries, with thin factor of applications. Chemistry based the chemistry AA and AAA The high of from the cathode with thin This which to allow to with The thin the to both the battery, the of the the the highest to commercially The typical (OCV) of V. the operating and The and reactions as follows: 4OH 2H Construction the to allow to the battery. to the performance the sealed to The the Once the flows through This to the shows section of battery. Section Battery 2H 4OH Cathode: ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING VERSION
Section of Prismatic Battery Prismatic to allow to the and to the of of the battery. to the and the cathode The electrically insulates the from the and of Teflon of the of the This Teflon allows to the while from through. of Prismatic Prismatic offer thin, to with of applications. This with the of often thinner The thinnest round the AAAA and Lithium rechargeable thickness of Prismatic offer the opportunity to significantly It that the of Prismatic than the of Lithium battery. to the of Lithium the of charge and which with Prismatic batteries. Furthermore Prismatic ready to of the There charge Prismatic to 3X than This service to offering the highest rechargeable and rechargeable batteries. this and Lithium of ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING VERSION
AAAA Devices The high of thin where the cathode reaction and using atmospheric as the cathode The the active More the higher of to other The chart the displays of Wh/L, and the chart the right shows of This based the of AA and to cutoff. of Other Battery (Wh/L) Lithium Lithium Lithium Prismatic operating to which and the of the The however relatively to rechargeable of and Lithium Iron though the PP355 the as the AAAA battery, to 3X the AAAA Lithium ZAP PP355 ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING Lithium Lithium Lithium VERSION
of Curves Continuous The of Prismatic higher than batteries, and slightly through the of the battery. The should performance to rates. At higher this higher reduce operating and Prismatic Battery Prismatic factor with thin The family of shown from AAA to the AAAA Prismatic the IEC The first P chemistry, the P the factor, the first the and the the height the PP355 and height of Prismatic Battery PP425 PP355 PP255 Thickness Continuous Rate Capacity Rated (V) AAA AAAA ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING AAA Lithium AAA VERSION PP355
This section the performance of the PP355 battery. performance of and service presented. Performance Conditions Prismatic as C and (RH). these the PP355 to to While performance obtained and Prismatic of and as typical the PP355 and of and PP355 Curves Continuous Prismatic outperform existing of To this shows PP355 and AAAA the tests. The PP355 than the AAAA though the of both approximately the and respectively. Section PP355 Performance Characteristics (V) ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING VERSION
of Performance Performance Other Conditions to force or of the of the the cavity high and of of the the Either performance the that might to performance. to testing, using from the These the both and batteries. Combinations of morning and and and analyzed to reasonable and and Conditions: Prismatic when to and This performance the and At 35C and RH there force than of and from the top Service with the PP355 these service intermittency. and Conditions: Prismatic when to and which performance the battery. 35C and RH there force than of and from the top Service testing with the PP355 these shows service intermittency. ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING Continuous AAAA PP355 VERSION
Conditions: as and the and high becomes At 0C, the the of the PP355 and the While the service from PP355 than the to the to 3X service Service Summary Prismatic Conditions PP355 AAAA Each to the specified the the service obtained from PP355 35C/75% RH, 35C/25% RH, and 0C The with of hours the that the while the parentheses the of the summary, the PP355 performance with intermittency and The of the amount of the While the PP355 continuously rates to the that fresh PP355 of to the of the The of affected the of the without to the Typical Cold (35C RH) (21C RH) (35C RH) (0C) Continuous ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING about these and VERSION
of PP355 Service with backed to These the and ingress. To the performance, the should only immediately to the sealed the service to the rates which with the and the Service of Prismatic Duration (s) Rated Capacity ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING sealed Shelf VERSION 1.1V Cutoff 1.0V Cutoff 0.9V Cutoff 0.8V Cutoff
Activation and with the intact, they (OCV) the contained the the the OCV as activates the With the PP355 of seconds to enough to Based the to the the the the the should ready to the when the the performance of PP355 flow of of higher of of this amount of easily the ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING VERSION
to operation, to reacting with the the The or the of the the to might as as the from the and or might include to and to the as and of to performance. There of The of the and the the This hearing the typically expected to the becomes other of to performance. Throttling to permanently to what the Throttling that of the that might of to the of that PP355 This that with increased restricting the to the battery, the performance becomes and as increase, and becomes mechanical or sealed or which introduced the when the accomplished with such as or injection or other mechanical might ON OFF switch which acts as Other mechanical actions to and the access. include or of the button, turning or threaded would fashion, that the would the automatically. as function of off closed), or might function of the of the of might to to the or background, to the ON/OFF shows where each of these Section Application and Considerations ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING VERSION
of of of allowing to the and or which to of the the battery. The allows the and of immediately to the to to the accomplished creating to the sealed of within The to allow amount of to to the sealed of which includes the continuously or intermittently. sealed of created of the including the or the of the battery. The of the the which to flow to the battery. effective The which the of the when the closed. The the and the of the switch located the to The switch acts as which the when the closed and allows to flow to the when the The switch mechanically the or the high Rate or of months) ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING high of high expected to service with of off months) throttling to service months) VERSION
Battery Compartment The of Prismatic factors including and to to the Other the ease of insertion and protection, and the and location of should to and Prismatic to AA and AAA with actions other than the from the Prismatic to Prismatic electrically and recommended. as to shorting. should the rather than the of the to flow to the Negative should the of battery) such as to shorting the and the the recommended Prismatic Prismatic should to reduce should to as to the force the of to pounds recommended. ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING VERSION
plated recommended conductivity and reasonable and The the wear that the insertion and of The thickness micrometers. Battery the the The location of the path, and the facing of the The of the of the influences the location of the the facing of the function of and the of the within of which Prismatic with the facing the The cover the and to below what operation. Battery and Protection: Battery protection recommended operated to to or incorrectly. protection mechanical or the of mechanical protection the that allows the to with the polarity. This accomplished including or that conforms to the when the polarity. The recommended location of the Prismatic where the recessed around the of the fits the Battery to other slightly as to the reactions. recommends around industry where Typical specifications Prismatic including found the ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING VERSION
Applications higher or increased performance or as Devices that than Prismatic and each battery, and these or shared. Additionally, the of each battery. If with the facing each other, then used. Recommended Cutoff The recommended of where used. reactions the which to increased and that to the from below This accomplished preferably of the or warning. Prismatic relatively to existing with the increased rates. This and Although the relatively the to with the performance throughout the of the battery. sophisticated algorithm incorporating that tailored to the necessary. This to what Lithium Iron and rechargeable ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING VERSION
Recommended and Conditions performance and Prismatic should of 10C to 55C and of to should 10C and 30C and to humidity. should with the to performance to with high increased of capacity. Polarity The of the covers the and with polarity polarity the to users correctly the the Prismatic and testing to and industry of the include thermal charge. performance with that of and as other and thickness increase slightly. to with increased thickness. where the operating or and the recommended Section or the amount of white the of the battery. that the of and when or clothing should cleansed with cool of their Prismatic swallowing If immediately the National Battery mercury or to Prismatic therefore they from and regulations Section Procedures ENERGIZER BATTERY MANUFACTURING VERSION