Intrinsically Instructional
Introduction Information Conditions of Battery recharging Switching and Switching off Archiving archived archived the and the switch off the options off the
Introduction MIT which to text and them to The high of to characters, while operating using high buttons. that pictograms or the You to the meaning of as and operating to from the please the following Information MIT or as IEC/CENELEC technical EN the ATEX Directive 94/9/EC, to the EN50014 EN50020. II IG: IIB T4 +55C) ATEX0720X
SPECIAL CONDITIONS FOR SAFE USE The charging and of MIT 470/570IS only or service or The MIT47*IS and MIT57*IS connected to specified charging and to the protection of the these the Unit P660 and Absence/Charging A3RQ and A3RR 4V; of MIT Protect MIT from and Please to light such as or To cloth with of
Battery and the or recharging the rechargeable fitted) The of found EN Battery the following The of other the Intrinsic of the Ready LR03 E93 LR03 MN2400 LR03 MN LR03 rechargeable P-22 AAA or P-03H/2 allow children to with the or as these swallowed. If the or or
To the battery, the the to the the back. While the the the off the of the arrow. retained while the should the clock the battery. the the shown the back the first. the back that with click. WARNING The the MIT
Switching MIT To switch and the that second. The sound and the of the displayed that that they function correctly. Then three seconds while other Finally the displayed. If MIT switch that fresh correctly section the battery. AM Unread
and MIT switched or the displayed. This consists of the and and displayed. typical shown below with of the and warning that The first acts as clock showing the and The shown the of the first You the selecting or hour and the The right of the top to that the internal currently from memory, the shown Unread, or AM Unread Battery
The displays Unread or Unread to another Memory with the This that the memory and the overwrite the The third shows the of the to that the turned off or to that the turned off. both and turned off, and If nothing displayed, both and turned The Battery to that the and should as as the This to the when they of of Switching MIT the screen displayed, and release the The options displayed.
The the item that selected the pressed. If within seconds, MIT back to the the or to the to Select the The to showing that to switch off. Press the and MIT switch off. If switch off required, the or button. MIT switched off, received retained memory and the internal clock
MIT the flash, the sound selected), and turned off). The displayed immediately. Press to the The of the shown the character. If the the character This shows that the the YOUR CAR WILL BE READY FOR COLLECTION NEXT MONDAY AFTERNOON CONTACT MR MOORE OF ABC ELECTRONICS TEL: THE NEW CONTRACT NEEDS DISCUSSION
To the of the the If the MIT to First to the and that received. the the every seconds, the and the every each to the warning Memory displayed the To MIT to If there the BEFORE WEDNESDAY. JILL PM UNREAD MESSAGE
to the immediately. this the or to the or the to the and the To the while MIT the The recently received, displayed. The top shows the and that the received. The of the the Each of the the followed PM Unread YOUR CAR WILL BE READY FOR COLLECTION NEXT MONDAY AFTERNOON AM Unread CONTACT MR MOORE OF ABC ELECTRONICS TEL: THE NEW
While displayed, the and the option shown. Press the to and MIT the which memory to PM YOU ARE BOOKED ON FLIGHT BA153. DEPARTS AT TICKET CONFIRMED. HELEN AM CONTACT MR MOORE OF ABC ELECTRONICS TEL: NEW CONTRACT
To the when the appears the of the The option displayed. Press the to the to the item and the The to to that of the action required. If to the or button. To that to the the and the
the the previously displayed. If to this also, the To to the and the second. If there or of the the following displayed. Archiving reference using the archive facility. archived the MIT when the memory to of to archived At the of the to archive, the to the option the to the item with the or Archive
with the and the to Confirm selection the The Archiving. the archived, the the If there other the following displayed. Once finished archiving the to the and holding the second. Archived To archived the while MIT the The first of the archived displayed. AM Archive Bring to the Ruth
You the archived that to the or buttons the first of the displayed. If the archived the The of the the Archived To archived the when the displayed. The option displayed. the to the item the Select the and the to
If to the or To that to the the and the To to the and the second. the and To the and the when the displayed. The options displayed. the to the
Select this item the button. the to and the then pressing the You the to the and and hour or hour The currently selected item flash. To another item to the of the the selection to the the item to flashing, the or to increase or its Once the and to the and holding the second. and and PM Hour
the The internal clock to and At the chosen sound with tone and the the top right of the Press to the warning. To the the when the displayed. The options displayed. the to the Select this item the and
Select the The displayed. You the opportunity to the and the of the and to the or off. The top of the that the currently switched and the shows the and that the sound. Select the item to the The currently selected item and the or to increase or its Once the to the and holding the second. If MIT switched off the selected the sound, the flash, and the the and of the Press to the and seconds MIT switch off and the If to switch MIT, than second. On
the You the which MIT You the and the fitted) off or the and of To the the The options displayed. Press the The following displayed. Select the On On
You to the The currently selected item flash. Select the option to the of the the selection to the the item to flashing, the and to its The MIT intrinsically the fitted. this and or options the Once options selected and the and MIT to the Switch to off the without the other items. when and the of the sounding, to the To the off this and the three seconds when the displayed. the release the button.
To the the the three seconds the from the the MIT with options which to height characters. Unread BRING NEW DEMO MODELS TO THE MEETING AT
The which and become with the operation of MIT, to the timeout. To the options, from the The options displayed. Select the the to the and this item the The following displayed. Height Backlight On Timeout
You to the The currently selected item flash. Select the option to the Each of the the selection to the the item to flashing, the or to its The to or seconds. finished to the and holding the second. If to clear from the memory the function used. selected, from the memory of to the of the MIT the active memory and affected. To this function, the to the options
Select the the to the Select this item the To switch the or To to the and the second. The MIT incorporates another to life. This using the internal clock to the and off selected to the off, to or archived At the off the sound to that the switching off and received.
the facility, the of the To the off function, the from the Select the function the the then the the to the and the and Continuous
to function the or The active item flashes and with the or To the the the which the to turned off and to the and the second. the Battery the the of its operating life, sound, to tone and Battery the On AM AM PM Unread Battery