Copyright rights Inc. Revision N, C and Operation
This instruction to thorough of the of the recommends that this completely the service. Although there the of malfunction. This and the tion. If the or the Technical Service the If necessary to the to the factory service, please follow the instructions the Customer Service including the of the Authorization specified. to include the malfunction. This the and of the welcomes that would the information this or the operation of the continually its products and the right to specifications, schematics, and tions without Customer Service (USA, Technical Service Phone: (Analytical) Other to: P.O. NE North (Samplers and Flow to: NE www.isco.com Information
Introduction This instruction to thorough of the of the C and that this completely the service. Product The to from which of streams. It with software. Section Introduction Information this to the phone and the C and the sections to of or the other. information to the and of the C CDMA to Section C information to the and operation of the GSM to Section The located anywhere within of to three other the locking that the to each other. The with Velocity flow and wireless It rated NEMA 4X, 6P(IP68). The permanently sealed to the of flow applications. tions and The locking strongly the and
Section Introduction and the of the Top
o o C o o o o o o C o o C o o o o o o o o C o o C o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o C o o o o o o o o C o o o o o o o Section Introduction
Section Introduction inches High-impact NEMA 4X, 6P, IP68 IP67 to VDC, typical VDC, to 140F to 60C) to 140F to 60C) Typical Battery Modulation Supported V.21, V.22, V.22 V.23, V.32, V.32 V.34 only) Communication Correction V.42 LAPM, MNP-2, MNP-4, MNP-10 Supported V.42 MNP-5 The with once with ration of and (using batteries) and of The to velocity, flow flow, and every hours. (H D) (without batteries) ABS plastic, (self-certified) NEMA 4X, 6P IP68 6V or Capacity Technical Specifications Specifications Battery inches inches
Communication Connector Communication Connector only) LONA LONB C VIN+ supply input VDC VIN Negative supply input VDC RCVUP PC inverted input XMTUP PC inverted C Section Introduction
Section Introduction Connector and This and with about the The instruction the and to the The this infor- mation of which or injury. This of or that property If these they death or serious CAUTION WARNING
Technical Service Although of its there the of malfunction occurring. You this to and malfunctions. If the malfunction or write the Technical Service assis- often the If to the to the factory service, please follow the instructions the Technical Service including the of the Authori- specified. to include the malfunction. This the and of the Inc. Technical Service P.O. NE or FAX: Section Introduction
Section Introduction
Unpacking the arrives, inspect the If Instructions there the and (or its immediately. Inc. Customer Service P.O. NE USA Phone: USA FAX: Section and the the items the If the and Customer Service please them to the there other It recommended that the as they to the the that to the Please the and to Inc. The often of include and These become If there that items to the Please (or its If these specified this the protection the impaired; this increase of The and of this to that serious or and this with and health and ordinances. WARNING WARNING WARNING
Section and Follow the instructions below to of these instructions the C and of those Section or information. operated to and the and The the the Unlocking and other instructions with found instruction Connecting the and Connectors the should capped. The the to and that those pared. These OSHA and to with operating the You the to the top of another The the release the right of the To the latch, the the of the the the to the The sealed its instructions and found or instruction The applying too force. both the force the obstructed. While of to the latch, the of the should than click when they and PUSH ON and PULL OFF the to them from the to correctly and together, protective the the CAUTION CAUTION
The located anywhere within of to three It its from the located the Telephone only) To the with to the lowing instructions. the together and the The the to the operating. The FCC telephone telephone with the the and them information. The with FCC Accordingly, the FCC the following information published: Section and Operation On the top of the the and it the This the the Inspect the It should and replaced. Unlock the the release (right Underneath the the from the and the the latch. the correctly and the its the the the and the the other Unlock the the release (right conducted the Communication tory, the conducted RF testing 3V RMS. international EN the of this the to The to telephone It to the telephone of the USOC RJ-11C. to phone-company-provided service office prohibited, and to
Section and service to Attestation Procedure and Inc. attests that the interface or this comply with and to with the mechanical specified F, specifically the and The of these assured purchase specifications and incoming inspection. of such and/or inspections to the FCC within of their the Telephone Procedures The of the telephone to with the service to this, them to their ations or If these might or the of the telephone writing, to allow to to service. the to information from concerning the which connected to telephone of the telephone the FCC and the (REN); both of these items the The of the telephone should than to service from the of telephone If If of telephone operating properly, should immediately from telephone as to the telephone If the telephone they service. they of this If feasible, as as notified, the opportunity to the and informed of right to with the FCC. Con- service tions about phone the repairs the they should Inc. or its authorized information, the Cus- tomer Service or
the the to the the connected to phone Connecting the Without If the connected to telephone the attaching the telephone to that with the that tight Connector the from the the right of the the to the and then the other of the to telephone (USOC RJ-11C). reference, the MS3106A-5S. Section and
Section Installation and Connecting to the and the connected, to establish that there the the software. and to the selecting from the or clicking the the Direct, and the to The and the Network The or the
Select the action the to the and then OK. the to the the Screen Section and If C or to Wire- this those tions, to Sections or
Section and Info Text To the text the (TAP) and of and/or and Click the Info to that the Information section. the phone to the to to the Click Apply (F9) to apply the connected to the and the Dialout
TAP Service Section and Operation the type the telephone numbers. These TAP numbers. You least as as the each the To this and the with service, or to or to With location, the with the first of the of service You to that shows service the and TAP service and each ID, which the phone of the or that the text (The ID from service.) You the option of of to characters length. the Comm field, 7E1 or the tions service this information). You to to the the field type the outgoing text of characters). the from the then the tions. Click the Apply or F9 when to the
Section and Pushed The to software, packet-switched C GPRS packet-switched or The user-specified to hours) to secondary when the or Microsoft SQL to this the factory information. To the to connected to the and then the Click the Pushed to the to to instructions the of this Flowlinks operating instructions You the topics active clicking its or F1 You topics selecting from the
The C with mount with to from flow software, to the flow and flow CDMA the C of text Text to to text or when The C located anywhere within of or remotely, The C with Velocity flow flow and Service The 2103C CDMA service CSD operation. Section C operating instructions and the flow and the and and Not CDMA service service. CDMA service service
Section 2103C One of included with when C mount C The connected to the C the Connecting the the right of the The of protective the of the to the from the On the mount this the factory. If the off to to the The mount inches and foot This and when the within The and with foot It The to the the leaving the top of the with the through the the To the the with
Protective the Connecting to the C ready to the to the C to the the of the The of the shown instruction (P/N shipped with the and shows the assembly To to the C the protective to its the the to the the to its the the and the to the Section 2103C
Section 2103C connected to the 2103C the SMA tightly attached to the the Press the the of the and the the as shown should capped. The the to from the and the to with FCC (MPE) the to located of inches) from the
Connecting to The instructions connecting to that Section apply to the C the C to Wireless Wireless Wireless Select the Wireless and the Wireless to the Wireless the type of and its and Press OK when Section 2103C
Section 2103C
The with mount with to from software, and the service, to the and GSM and with the SIM the Text of text to to text or when The located anywhere within of or remotely, The with Velocity flow and Wireless SIM Card The of the the type of service through service The service or the Subscriber Information (SIM) with service to what technologies Section operating instructions and the flow and the and and To the SIM the On the round cover that, when to the
Section 2103G Accessing the SIM the of the the SIM the Its to the SIM the its and the its as shown. To the from its and enough that the and the the internal to the the SIM to the to the SIM Then the cover the of the
One of included with when with mount with The connected to the using the Connecting the the right of the The of protective the of the to the from the On the mount this the factory. If the off to to the Section 2103G The mount and This and when the within The and tions. The to the the leaving the top of the with the connecting through the the To the with
Section 2103G Protective the Connecting to the ready to the to the to the the of the The of the shown instruction (P/N shipped with the and shows the assembly To to the the protective to its the the to the the to its the the and the to the the SMA tightly attached to the the Press the the of the and the the as shown
connected to the Section 2103G should capped. The the to from the and cations. the to with FCC (MPE) regulations, the to located of inches) from the
Section 2103G Connecting to The instructions to that Section apply to the the to Wireless Select the Wireless and the Wireless to the Wireless the type of and its and Press OK when This section to CSD operation, and the service and SIM
The Access You to the that service The information from service There commands that HyperTerminal. The what IP should The shows the type (GSM) and the Section 2103G This section to GPRS operation, and the service and SIM From the HyperTerminal (located Accessories, Communication). the and that disconnected. Select the COM to. the COM to: parity, Click OK. Click the phone to and or tion At the and At the and At the DPUSH> and This the the If to the the of and You informed that the phone information updated. to the
Section 2103G
Introduction to from and write to memory locations holding of information within the There three RTU, TCP/IP, and ASCII. The ASCII the Section Sections through of the and operation of as to of and Common Acronyms, sections and technical specifications, to section
Section There Communication the that of this, each the to repeatedly command received. It to the the and received. Addressing to OPC of to that or from the OPC which or phone these the of whatever The reading(s) then played or wherever as to read-only You writing to to light the LED the front of the specified COM the and that COM the to which connecting. the the phone If than the OPC while the shared of the within the to the command to the command field. This allows the software to to, as as the specified while other the or of its ASCII within the velocity, and only. The of the The
of with through or through (Direct Shown) the shown PC to through using the COM the OPC which directly connected to the 2150s. to the through the RS-232 the top of the the OPC PC COM COM each, of each The the the following readings velocity, their specified operation, the to the the straight-through which instead of COM COM readings from The through the OPC to gather informa- tion. Section OPC
Section of Terms ASCII Short American Information ASCII that English characters with numbers. with ASCII or to with another. from the OPC holding and to the that or this and that the OPC and located physically the ASCII Dedicated telecommunications specified and shared to to from and write to OPC OPC (OLE (free It of software that acting as and The of interfaces, and and mation to There of OPC Access and locations memory that or holding of information within the The of what and where (the registry or the this SCADA SCADA (Supervisory gathering and SCADA to and operation, or such as and and and tation. The SCADA the information where occurred back to the of the and (such as the and the information and OPC to the through the from the specified and the OPC holding
Common Acronyms ASCII American Information SCADA relatively such as that the of office building, or such as that the activity or DCS Distributed MTU Unit OPC and (OLE) PLC RTU Remote Unit SCADA Supervisory TCP/IP Section
Section Specifications the first. If the of least first Intel-based PC, the to they received. The ASCII to the ASCII information related to the The first count of the of that to The of that ASCII through the of from the The ASCII the and then which the user through Flowlink. This allows the to the of the and easily what Every measured and that with each The of from the The assigned within seconds the To the who with readings with the The the Information ASCII Table below: Table ASCII Definitions type Units Read/Write Number(s) of (N) Read
Number(s) Units Read/Write Velocity Meters/second Velocity Flow Flow Flow Flow Read The the ASCII 2-(N+1)) below: ASCII 2-(N+1) Definitions Read/Write reading Read/Write Seconds Read/Write Active field Active field Read Active field Read Active field Read Velocity Read Flow Flow Section
Section ASCII 2-(N+1) Definitions (Continued) Number(s) Units Read/Write write to the the to the which steady LED seconds or the the Reading to the to the with readings. It to when the readings updated. This to initiate readings and when they ready to read. It to seconds to the readings, the flow the Reading to of readings when the The seconds that the updated. It to which that The Active what active the This of of the active. If of then the Velocity active. If of the active. (5)A of from lowest to highest Seconds Hours Month and Record Read
Table ASCII 2-(N+1) Definitions (Continued) Number(s) Units Read/Write 2103C Table Flow Velocity Flow to Flow Section
Section
This section the of the Section The to reliably
Section The to the internal from The with cating which or yellow when the becomes saturated, the from to or from to the the of the or The located the the of the To the the and the of the The clear reveals the and of reactivated. Reactivating the To the Cartridge There the of irritating from the reactivation. of this, to and to heat the the back of this The to with each saturation/reactivation service. the effective as too At this the the upright with the the top. shown the the off the Empty the or the with P/N or section Press the the the the the to the irritating when heated. the following the while the the recommended heating the higher than recommended CAUTION
To the the heat heat the assembly; Heat the to 350F to 175C) to three hours, or the or yellow Allow the to cool and airtight ready If the submerged, from the amount of the and the reliably ventilated. The the top and of the that and The section and to Service The internal of the The completely sealed to the internal To the the and replaced. If think Technical Service To the the and from the The its friction back and forth while the P/N If the should relocating the they tected. Alternatively, the existing with the accessory included with Follow the instructions to and the the other of the location and the or them from the reason, should the applying around the of the Corresponding with Technical Service tative often the without the to the If the difficulty issued Authorization (RAN) and information to the factory. the to and eventually often based If allow the to proceeding. Section
Section
A.1 the following to the call-out the to the the purchased Customer Service Inc. Customer Service P.O. NE USA Phone: FAX: A-1
A.1.1 A-2
A-3
A-4
A.1.2 A-5
A-6
A-7
A-8
A-9
A-10
A-11
A-12
B.1 to purchased Cus- tomer Service B.2 Instruction software. Mount C Mount In-Street Inc. Customer Service P.O. NE USA Phone: FAX: B-1
B-2
C.1 This to the the the C the of the the and of the products should directed to the the MSDS. C-1
C Indicating MULTISORB TECHNOLOGIES, INC. MSDS M75 Inc.) Address: NY Information): Prepared: July Emergency G.E. Section and Information Chemical Common or or TOTAL Section Physical/Chemical Characteristics N/A (H N/A N/A and Water Not reactive, Water Reactive Appearance and Section and and N/A N/A N/A LEL UEL Used Extinguisher and used. Water heat to the which and heat. Fighting Procedures and to the enough to reach the of with reduce the to Section Reactivity STABILITY Stable Unstable to Products HAZARDOUS POLYMERIZATION Conditions To *Optional Indicating C-2 N/A Rate N/A Conditions and high To Identity as Used CAS OSHA ACGIH OTHER LIMITS PEL TLV RECOMMENDE (TWA TWA)
Section Health PRIMARY ROUTES nhalation Ingestion CARCINOGEN NTP OSHA OF ENTRY Absorption LISTED IN IARC Not HEALTH HAZARDS and and Symptoms Drying and of Conditions Generally EMERGENCY FIRST AID PROCEDURES further treatment, observation and necessary. with least affected with and affected to fresh Ingestion least of Section and Protective Measures Protection NIOSH or (Specify Protective Light Protection VENTILATION Mechanical TO BE USED Other Protective Clothing and Work with and clothing. Section Precautions and Procedures to Released to and to and Other and/or sealed from The readily *Optional Indicating Chronic Prolonged inhalation Other (Specify) or and the promptly to blowing C C-3
C Section Product and Information Section Information Section C-4 Product indicating, yellow Product indicating Amorphous (amorphous) Company; Inc. Street City, Country: NY USA Telephone [USA] EDT) [USA] CAS Synthetic amorphous While this classified, this MSDS information to the and of this This MSDS should retained and and other users of this Emergency or that or This Health Effects: and or and as tearing and The of the enough to when of to cool the Ingestion: toxic and through the normally. expected. Effects Generally Chronic Effects/Carcinogenity: and and MATERIAL SAFETY DATA SHEET Effective March MSDS M163
Section First Measures Section Fighting Measures Section Release Measures Section and the with while the If physician. affected with and Ingestion: Ingestion this through the normally. the affected to fresh and necessary. Notes to Physician: Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Combustion Products: Not Extinguishing extinguishing that the surrounding fire. Fighting Instructions: Not and or and the with and and the and the cool, location. sealed from The readily C C-5
C Section Protection Section Physical and Chemical Section and Reactivity C-6 to the airborne below the Protection: NIOSH when the the TLV's. Protection: Light and of the Protection: OSHA ACGIH Other PEL TLV Recommended TWA TWA NIOSH REL TWA Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Appearance: or Not C) Physical C) PH: Solubility: Not Gravity: Stable Conditions to and high Products: Polymerization: IDLH
Section Information Section Information Section Information Section Transportation Information Section Information to inclusive selected represented) This and its the NTP or OSHA DOT Conducted finely ground hour LC hour oral LD hour LD Toxicology synthetic amorphous to confused with crystalline health effects. the activated acts as and of the and of Inc. of that abnormally to The of inhalation of Not known to the and non-toxic. Information If this as becomes the of as the Conservation and Recovery (RCRA) CFR of that the retained the The user of the the associated with the retained to the options. to and regulations. U.S. of Transportation Not classified as Not regulated. TSCA Listed: DSL/NDSL Listed: TWA OSHA: REL TWA IDLH NIOSH: conducted month showed and TLV ACGIH: DOT: Not classified as C C-7
C Section Other Information C-8 HMIS serious This MSDS by: E. Applications Inc. This and this concerning the of and the therein to to inclusive and as the should the of such his adopting them Since the of products or implied, and responsibility the of this or the to obtained therefrom. Information this furnished the of with Government Health and Regulations and other the this to as to or to existing should they confused with or or with HMIS Health Reactivity
DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY Application of Council Directive: 89/336/EEC The EMC Directive 73/23/EEC The Directive to which Conformity Declared: FCC B, IC ES-003, EN EMC Information EN Information FCC Severity Performance EN61000-4-2 EN61000-4-3 Radiated RF Immunity to AM EN61000-4-4 I/O EN61000-4-5 I/O 0.5KV *EN61000-4-6 Conducted RF I/O to *C 3V CISPR11/ RF Class and EN and the from the to restablish the that the of the specified conforms to the Directive(s) and as of July USA Director of Inc. Street Phone: Inc. Address: USA Address: P.O. NE Laboratory Light Industrial/Commercial of CE Declaration of Conformity
DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY Application of Council Directive: 89/336/EEC The EMC Directive 73/23/EEC The Directive to which Conformity Declared: EN EMC and Laboratory EN and Laboratory Severity Performance EN61000-4-2 EN61000-4-3 Radiated RF Immunity to AM EN61000-4-4 I/O EN61000-4-5 I/O 0.5KV EN61000-4-6 Conducted RF I/O to 3V CISPR11/ RF Class and EN the that the of the specified conforms to the Directive(s) and as of July USA Director of Inc. Street Inc. USA Address: P.O. NE Laboratory Light Industrial/Commercial Battery of CE Declaration of Conformity
Warranty
DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY Application of Council Directive: 2004/108/EC -The EMC Directive 2002/96/EC The WEEE Directive Conformity Declared: EN61326-1:2006 EMC and Laboratory Severity Performance EN61000-4-2 EN61000-4-3 Radiated RF Immunity to AM CISPR11/ RF Class and EN I, the that the of the specified conforms to the Directive(s) and as of USA Director of Inc. Street Inc. USA Address: P.O. NE Laboratory Light Industrial/Commercial 2103G of
warrants covered products to or workmanship of from their or from the of authorized Service as specifically warranty of merchantability or the warranty repairs, and charge. strictly to and/or This warranty to products the and of other warranty, written or expressed. of items charts, and of or from or of covered. This warranty to the USA and countries where Inc. authorized Customers countries the USA, where authorized should their warranty service. the of the Service as often and corrected without the U.S.A., Service the below. International customers should their or International Customer Service. authorization issued to Following authorization, both from the of the warranty warranty shipments the responsibility of the Address: Inc. Attention Service Street NE USA Inc. PO NE USA www.isco.com February P/N C One Factory Service Warranty Phone: service: flow Information (USA This warranty cover or from the facility and the facility. items warranty service without authorization issued from The warrantor Inc. NE U.S.A. Authorization