7900CTP to Plate
Introduction The 7900CTP to Plate business to DirectPlate plates to their To the Computer-separated with the RIP software The The plate heated The mounted The Workflow The the as follows: Introduction
PCU Instructions PCU Instructions PCU, the following instructions to the and effectively. The and heating To reduce the chance of or property off and the PCU when the off the PCU using the Heater switch the first. the PCU reads than C it to off the PCU the switch the back of the to follow this shortening of the of the that the plate through the PCU. The PCU heater reaches high curing. the where the plate the plates when they the PCU. the cool from the the when feeding the PCU; the and burns. the PCU of shock the PCU with the protective cover or the PCU that than the The PCU properly or The PCU about the and should the the the PCU. instructions the the
Purchasing The 7900CTP to Plate exclusively to DirectPlate plate technology. currently offers of to with the of If the below, www.proimaging.epson.com or Professional Authorized to plates DirectPlate Plate Press S045194 S045195 S045196 QM S045197 GTO S045198 GTO S045199 S045200 SM S045201 S045202 S045203 S045204 200/SM74 S045205 S045206 1250W S045207 AB S045208 AB S045209 Length) Inch Inch Purchasing Quantity
these to the RIP software: IBM PC with CPU or 1GB of RAM 80GB (20GB recommended) Microsoft or XP DVD Recommended or 2GB of RAM 300GB (recommended), or XP DVD One USB
You the following Plate (PCU) Plate DirectPlate inches EFI CTP software RIP CD inch) wrench Teflon THERMAX
the Windows-based PC included) Ethernet (CAT-5) network or USB and included) (with included) to and the the the the instructions and information, the following: The information and and troubleshooting The Reference summary of and to easy reference.
the PCU You should allow of inches the PCU. The PCU L6-20P and L6-20 The outlet rated AC (with of to V). the PCU WARNING: The PCU heater and to high plates when they the or when to burns. of recommended. the plates when them through the PCU. the PCU of shock the input (the to the the the front of the PCU. Press the to the completely the PCU. the (the to the the of the PCU the and the the PCU
the PCU the seated the You this through the to the with the the PCU. Both should the PCU. To necessary, the located the to or Turn the counterclockwise to increase the or clockwise to the PCU outlet with the V, 20A phase If to from the to the front, the of the feed the feed switch the of the PCU. switch It to the switch while the Counterclockwise the Clockwise lowers the
the PCU the PCU, follow the below to The recommended the PCU of C and of To properly, the DirectPlate plate should reach of to C. the and the where the PCU located, to these slightly. the included THERMAX and plate through the PCU with the the The THERMAX should to C the plate to correctly. Turn the switch from the of the This activates the switch Turn the Heater switch the Heater switch the PCU
the PCU the to C the using the and then The the right displays the The the displays red) the the to the PCU to to the this approximately The light the Heater switch while the PCU and then off and that. The light that the heating to three THERMAX the coated of DirectPlate the and each of the inch from the WARNING: The plate of recommended to injury. the plate the input with the the coated and with the The through the PCU the If the pulled the that the switch the of the PCU correctly. the indicated the as the the PCU to the of to C. If the the burning or the high, increase the first
The should when the heater turned This reduces the of of the and life. turn off the Heater switch the off the switch. the PCU to C or to the turning off the switch. WARNING: plates when they the PCU. the from the to burns. of recommended to the Plate the To when DirectPlate to the plate the the cover the the to to the screws the the information. the plate the right of the cover, with the of the cover. the Plate the
the Plate the the screws (first and then as shown) with the wrenches, the fixing the right of the plate fits tightly the cover The wrench included with the 7900CTP and the included with the You both the Plate The plate correctly to when the the press. the cover. the fixing touches the cover If the the and then the and the 7900CTP_alignment_sheet.pdf that included the CD or from www.proimaging.epson.com Loading Plate the The included EFI RIP option that this automatically. You DirectPlate inches) this because Fixing Tighten screw then screw
the plate to the from the of the plate to the Then the from the of the plate to B. If the to and to If they than the plate correctly with to the and Installing the Plate the
the Plate the the wrench included with the 7900CTP to the of the plate If than B, the screw; than A, the screw. rotation of the screw the inch). screw and and, the nearly within Once the plate to the plate to Loading Plate the then the the The plate correctly when the thickness the top and of the than Leading Leading Tighten Plate than Correct Incorrect Plate More than
Applying the the plate correctly, the Teflon to the to plates from catching the plate the from the the as shown the plate and apply it from the top of the to the of the cover. You should cover the the cover with clear This recommended of the plates wear the off. the Plate the Teflon
the RIP the RIP EFI software RIP CD and follow the on-screen instructions to the software installation. to the included with the EFI software and instructions. Also, www.proimaging.epson.com and the EFI CTP software RIP.
Loading Plate the each plate If the plate or the corners or the the DirectPlate WARNING: The plate to injury. the catch as shown. catch Loading Plate the
Loading Plate the the turned the light flashing, and the cover closed. Press the Source the Sheet appears the LCD Press the release the to the highest suction This the To that, to increase the suction. the (with light coated the short-edge first and the the top and of the the plate the the suction holding the While holding the plate the the release to the release. The PRESS PAUSE appears the LCD when the the plate and the release closed. release Top
WARNING: The To hand from the plate Press the and of the The and the the PAPER SETTINGS ARE THESE SETTINGS OK? the LED to NO PAPER SELECTED Since plates consecutively the to the the each If this there of Unloading Plate from the finished, the plate the To to the the plate and of the following: If to the release The plate currently the released and another If the the PCU and to punching or the press, the plate through the plate Turn the switch from the of the This activates the switch Plate from the
the PCU Turn the Heater switch the the the PCU You should to the the the PCU to to the this approximately The light the Heater switch while the PCU and then off and that. The light that the heating to Once the PCU reaches the of C, the plate the input and with the The through the the If the pulled the assembly, that the feed switch the of the PCU the the to The should when the heater turned This reduces the of the of the and life. off the switch the PCU without first turning off the Heater switch. off the first off the PCU the Heater switch and to C (or turning off the switch. Heater switch arrows
DirectPlate Plates Plate Curing The with humidity, and If the of to the You the with and and higher of the PCU that the the C with of Punching the Plate offline to necessary the plate the or Authorized offline punch. Press This section includes of the DirectPlate If currently DirectPlate plates and cleaners. DirectPlate plates than and and to properly the the DirectPlate plates than You should about seconds of turning the the with of fountain as the plate to the process. The following fountain recommended Fount If other fountain they alcohol-free DirectPlate Plates
Cleaning Plates If the and the ALCOLOR and other continuous-feed the If the function the QM), higher If there the phase, or when the replaced, should the the If this the as the highly to the amount of and the with or other that Cleaning Plates The following cleaners recommended HYDRO CLEAN RBP Chemical Inc. POSCO plate POWA PLATE CLEANER Speedclean EXP plate PS Plate MC-E Velocity Plate the with to its coating. The of other plate cleaners reduce the of the with IPA or cleaning and cleaning the
Correcting Plates You with IWATSU OX-1. You AGFA Lithostar Correction Also, to section from Plates DirectPlate plates to them to the If to from to the from the the plate with from the Gumming or other treatment the the cool the Press The following washes EC News 202B Chemicals SUN WASH H8830A washes plate to the the the PCU clean to their low-friction the PCU off. Every the with with cleaner. You might light of the this directly the or the PCU. Correcting Plates
PCU Specifications PCU Specifications Width: inches Depth: inches inches V, NEMA L6-20 Plate inches inches Plate type PET or to inch to thick to F to C) F C) the plate to inches to Heater ON/OFF The three conductors: Earth/ground Black AC Phase VAC) White
Notices FCC The PCU tested to with the following EN 55022:2006/A1:2007 Class ITE (EU) ICES-003 Class FCC CFR Class (USA) VCCI Class ITE AS/NZS CISPR Class ITE EN harmonic input to including 16A phase) EN 61000-3-3:1995/A1:2001/A2:2005 of and supply rated with to and including 16A phase EN and light EMC Immunity: EN Immunity and light Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with these of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and of Corporation. service of Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Notices
CPD-28133 Printed USA