IV Inc. CO
OBSERVER IV USERS GUIDE Table of Introduction Communicating with the Browsing the The and Installation..................................................................................................................................... Conclusion..................................................................................................................................... Regulations and Concerns................................................................ Specifications.......................................................................................................... C Considerations and Switch with and Troubleshoot............................................................................................. Network Services and Access............................................................... the Utility............................................................................ GSM, SIM, PIN and the
OBSERVER IV USERS GUIDE Introduction The IV that the GSM to from locations to the The battery-operated and housed weatherproof of from where Locations without phone or service easily with the IV. The Communications (GSM) the of wireless phone to North America. and the GSM the US and their coverage includes and as as Interstate With the GSM service the IV from covered or to allow the to supply as as of activity the This promotion, and security IV GSM/GPRS supply of Weatherproof Scheduled or externally and FTP and options. lighting FTP and archiving included
The from to the It to of The operates of the and of activity. the other the with and to and function. The and options below. options The to the as to or to Each its and of arrives as to and as The retained the reference. This to the from or from required, this becomes cumbersome. It become of the and they intermixed with other Additionally, and accounts the account (FTP) around the The its to FTP the from collected with to these easily constructed, allowing them to service including AOL and Earthlink, FTP to their as of the basic service. This as that FTP and and archive the the This the section titled the FTPJPG Application. Notification options when the externally switch or motion the the that the occurred text to or account. Additionally, the the selected option. this the that the activated, to and that the If the option selected, then the option text to another would If the FTP option selected the text to or The indicating that the activated or with the attached. With this option, the relayed to FTP as as to the account. when the externally and to scheduled
The following the combinations of and FTP Text with The activated the input. the input switched to the the activated and and If the option required, should unconnected. Additionally, the It to of the hour The the every which the Every the to and thru At the the to (every The scheduled and operations. The connected as required, and the and the the activates the the and the scheduled without Continuous The operated of The from to The to their account or the FTPJPG to the incoming Continuous once and remotely text to the from scheduled and the this the using the and/or of activity received, the switched to and of This then the the to the Continuous switch the back the and the switch to the (ON). switch the the to with the There considerations to when using the would normally selected when The and the of internal the operating Secondly,
while the the every hour. The should of the charges from the service that service offer that this type of operation. options The switch the back which of the function; ON or AUTO. The switch to the ON to the or the AUTO to the right. At the the turned off. The ON the and as and the switched and of from The AUTO activated the switch to the right, allows the to and off. The turn based the or to and with user The then off, ready the scheduled or activation. the off of the of text commands from therefore, the of This of turning and off to the AUTO switch and allow the to to from of C information
Communicating with the To the first established with PC. thru to the the to associated with COM the Once established, the PC the internal to the These allow options to selected and Once the from the PC; the with the off. The repeated type of operation required. the section, "Browsing the instructions and Establishing with PC PC and the to and the software found the accompanying CD that this the This properly XP or operating to with the IV The of this G. with SE operating to manually their to the accomplishing this found of this Once the and the PC the connected. straight thru to the the back of the and the other to the COM the PC that selected while the the the COM switch the back (OFF) and switches and (ON). Turn the the switch the back to the The LED the back and Click the that created when the the showing that the established; this seconds. The the back of the should from to to once the the and the using the the the top type and The the the The should appear. If there other the PC there of seconds the appears. The They as higher although to reduce the the browser. If the to Text with the IE and reduce the text The the the section.
Browsing the Once with the established, the user of and the this section. The the shown Clicking the the The first four and Network allow the to applications. The the to operation of the These below. The and the OBSERVER IV Network and Troubleshoot
This characteristics of the the or selecting the Quality This the amount of JPEG that to the The High the and The the least and to to the than The the and quality. associated with each typical Quality High 110K 60K 15K Lighting This selection the the selected lighting Checking the the the to become active the to light This allows to this This selects or The associated of the about that of the the and of with the (with and the with High
This operation. and these to the and The these to scheduled operation. hour clock and the the This and This selection the the to the the to the this each overwrite the the FTP The FTPJPG to the from FTP Selecting the the to with the with the and appended. of to the FTP the and of than those shown. the based 24-hour clock. month-date-year the the to the If selected, each overwrite the with the If selected each based the with appended. The mypictures GSM/GPRSS account information as service PIN APN OBSERVER IV Mon
APN Access the service that allows the to to the their service the to PIN SIM The service supply this required. If PIN this field The to the or (FTP). Select the option and to the the Network FTP Activation Every the activated The activated the It activated internally To the below and to the to those The each activated the The or Short Service (SMS) to Select the of this below. SMS the option, to to the Network and the or SMS as with below and switch the This and when the and OBSERVER IV SMS
Select or FTP of from the this Activation The when the brought to ground. Additionally, the scheduled to based the of the and the the and the scheduled the to this function. The each activated the this to the of this the the Network when the activated scheduled This the hours and that the To hour or To selections the and the selections. Which This selection which of the the active. The scheduled the selected Which This selection which hours scheduled.
Which This selection which scheduled. hour OBSERVER IV FTP FTP directory FTP username FTP phone This the to the SMS FTP This the of the FTP that from the FTP directory This the directory the FTP which the If the directory. FTP username This username the FTP allow anonymous to FTP This the the username FTP with anonymous accounts often Information about the FTP and If FTP or the If text the Observer-iv.com directory FTP username FTP Network username
This the of the of the This the of username the username authorization the account. If authorization required, this the authorization the account. If authorization this This the of text those to the functions to If or then those If text selected the operating then the phone This allows the to initiate that and that established with the the service. the as then these to operation. that the these FCC regulations that of the and the should to this while these tests. and Troubleshoot Service Text OBSERVER IV Notification
Service This the of the wireless and This the and to the This the currently Text Reception This to that the text from The phone the of the Service This allows the user to the of fixed- type. They focused initially the of and should further If focusing the titled from the the FTPJPG Application The FTPJPG PC and from FTP These displayed and the this the the IV collected, to the and archived The FTPJPG with access. with The clicking the the accompanying CD. the IV introduction to the of this software. the clicking the the to the The with which the the FTP This should least as often as the of If its once hour, the to or If operation, Continuous With this the to
Checking the when refreshed to each from the The displayed its or the to Checking the Archived Path each to that The archive to these If the Archive Path the displayed and retained. FTP Timeout and should Once the selections OK. Selecting selection to which the from to four The to the FTP This allow the selection of The selection repeated other that from other the FTP to which the the the ID and this This user ID, and the as the Network Click the The the and the The directory tree to to to the the the to them. the image(s) that the and those boxes. Click the The the selected and ones, the and archive the the that that the to and from four from each of already the this selection to function. Once properly the the FTP allowing selection the FTPJPG this to the
that of the with the FTPJPG that the to with type. This selection found the the and selected the FTPJPG to used. The selected and updated. They and resized as updated, appear the and the annunciation sound, Clicking the right while Archive and Click Archive and the archive directory that displayed. to the top of the and >Thumbnails. This of the from that that the archive, the right to the and to the FTPJPG Click and of associated with the displayed. Within the FTPJPG closing the containing from the of updated it from the To the
once closed, reselected the as previously The IV to to the FTP when the FTPJPG the overwrite the which The only to each the to FTPJPG active.
The and GSM plate screws Weatherproof screws. Mount
Removing the The when or the the thick, of the and replacing, screw tight,
C with the shown The whip, the operation. The the right, operation. where should function satisfactorily.
the the screws the back one-half turn. the screws holding the clear screwdriver or the to the clear
the the four screws holding the the plate with the polarity.
The selection switch the internal switch the of or AC the switch the when using internal the switch from the when the AC
The back This to the to PC and testing. Switches These switches and testing the Switch Forces the This switch DOWN to the and UP operation. The switch only when the switch to the ON Once the the switch The switch when the switch the AUTO Switch Not used, UP Switch Not used, UP switch This switches to the ON the If the Switch DOWN when the switch to the ON the and PC. If Switch UP when the switch to the ON the operation. switch switches Subscriber Identity
the switch the AUTO (right) the normally un-powered. It to or to scheduled Subscriber Identity This the SIM the GSM service when GPRS account obtained. the with the they the locking action To the they the action and the The information to the without GSM/GPRS SIM this location. The without this however, to These the of the Their function slightly the of the and Switch AUTO On when the ON On while the to connected to the Flashing while the information to the ON On when the ON On while the to connected to the Flashing while the information to the ON the when trying to to PC the On while the attempting to to the PC. On when the to the PC The (HR-30-6R-6P) and with (HR30-6P-6S). +DC
DC supply connected to and of the the supply the outlined B. the used, the switch properly. supply leads; the operation The allows the to activated switch switch or motion The operation the both AUTO and ON AUTO the and off to the conserving The the ON The function required. to this this function and which the cabling the switch or motion and the I). The switched to the of milliseconds to the AUTO the released from the the this to other than (un-powered) switch lighting The lighting that the the this become active when the light The the becomes active. Switch when
The the DC supply. The to DC. these the The its supply. The of this supply connected to the the The to directly switch Nighttime with this with relay to other of The and lighting of the the following: that the of GSM coverage the enough ground to from type. High to the it bright background. including the The of allow the of installation. to the Home and the to initiate and to The then to that or to with who to the of the Battery IR
Conclusion The IV that the GSM/GPRS to to the The IV of as wireless to security as areas, or as to the The operating and found the CD. This the through hands-on that them with the and its operations. Considering the IV Thoroughly the and that the the of the The that than once It supply that location The should mounted to the from GSM/GPRS coverage the of to attwireless.com, www.t-mobile.com or www.cingular.com and their GPRS coverage
Regulations and Concerns FCC that operation of this type of of inches) the and This should to whenever the its or and testing. FCC that the operated with the to the with other type. the operation. that of inches) the and that the II-G TM GSM (FCC ID: MIVGSM0108) with the RF to broadband PCS operating the authority of CFR of the FCC and Regulations. This operation and of the II-G and its with instructions to both the OEM and and operated with the instructions the II-G the (MPE) as Section of the FCC and Regulations. or (not-withstanding or business as Class B. The II-G tested and found to comply with the Class and or the when wireless or where interference. These typically aircraft, atmospheres, where The when subjected to shocks. the cleaners or the with cloth only. properly assembled the weatherproof. It withstand of and It weather It built to withstand from high-pressure or submersion. only the AC when the externally. the the other batteries, The protection to such
the and the plate to the to the there serviceable wireless as as wired, The of or guaranteed. the of the where or property threatened.
Specifications Weatherproof inches threaded mount to F) to AA internal or DC CMOS or JPEG Interface: GSM/GPRS DC Ground lighting input XP/2000/98SE and
C Considerations and Switch The externally with AC or internally AA batteries. the four screws the plate to this internal used, the switch the the (towards the the with the polarity, the of the the within the The of obtained from of factors; the operating selected, the and the type of battery, the and the of The following typical performance when the to every The with and the operating the Battery Rechargeable Lithium AC which supply to the the used, the internal switch properly from the and The the B. selection when operating the The switch the back selects these The ON the constantly The AUTO allows the to to scheduled or to the The the that the ON the and to text from the off of the the AUTO this the AUTO operation. Generally, the of the location the ON or AUTO, which the operated. The operation and associated with the the following
(switch ON AUTO (right) Generally from from Towards Normal Mostly off and Continuous to phone commands? that the the of the The actually of whether the the or the AC If the switch to AUTO and the externally. this the and off automatically, the and to the supply. This the supply and the to the to Continuous would this the switch to ON and the the internal this the to the internal and only they If the of this to the this the commanded and of without the switch the of If AC the switch ON and AC If operation from the the switch to AUTO.
with which to with the IV This operates the or XP operating This of this using with the SE operating the established following the below. first the The should to and flow Next, the installed. (PPP) type of selected and the TCP/IP The TCP/IP to IP and DNS from the This to that establishing with Directions manually and XP reference only. these operating the follow the found below. Procedures establishing to the Click the the Click the Click the and Option and the (If this the first creating this and where the and about the about to Press the Select Dont from Then Next Select the then that the Selected pushed. Select COM from the The selected to the Click Next then Select the created and that the to and the Advanced Press the Preferences that the and that Flow selected. Click the Advanced and that to Parity to and Stop to The properly Press OK to each and to the This to to Network the The following this to the Click Network and Select New the Network Click Next Select to the and Next
Select to manually or to through (LAN) and Next Select through phone and and Next Select the (This this the currently this The telephone least to number(s) the phone Press the Advanced that the type PPP to that selected. Press the IP Service DNS ISP DNS Press OK Press OK then Next The and the these Either or username and as the the field. Press Next. Select Account Press Next the to immediately selected (This The to the ready To shortcut to the the the and right click. to the the shortcut to the instead the Once the properly connected to the COM and turned clicking this establish Procedures establishing to the XP Click and then If "category" appears, Switch to and then and then the Press the button. Dont from and Next the and the Click Next Select the to and Next Click Select the created and the that the to and the Advanced Press the Preferences that the and the Flow to Select the Advanced that to Parity to and Stop to Press OK back to the The installed. The following this to the entry.
From Network then Press Next Select to the and Next Select manually and Next Select and Next Select the created Click Next the and Next the field (the this) and Next The account or these and boxes. Click Next Press Press and the that 95/98/NT/2000, the of calling and that of the PPP and OK The ready Procedures establishing to the Edition Click the the Click the Click the and the Press the Select Other when What type of to Select Dont from Then Next Select the then Next Select COM from the The selected to the Click Next then The The following should to the Click New the of the Select the that and Select the COM as and that the to and the Parity and Stop Click the Advanced Select flow and (RTS/CTS) Click OK then Next The least the and phone Click Next Click the created appear the Right this and the and Select the Select the PPP from the of that to and TCP/IP the options selected. Click the TCP/IP Select assigned IP and assigns
that the only other option selected and OK You created the the Right the created the and Shortcut. to the the shortcut the Once the properly connected to the COM and turned clicking this establish
and Troubleshoot of to operation. establish with the PC and the as Next the and Troubleshoot the to the tests. the and inspect the displayed to operation or to and The following the expected each Service This reports and the of MODEM TEST PASSED BACK APN "Proxy" Checking IMEI. s/w Checking %BAND: Checking SIM. +CPIN: READY +CNUM: Checking +CSQ: RSSI of Checking GPRS +CGREG: +CGREG: +CGREG: with Checking service +COPS: TEST COMPLETE -This from the The type of the The APN The IMEI with the FTP account. This shows the SIM operating correctly Not supply the The with the
FILE TRANSFER TEST PASSED BACK Starting attached. Establishing GPRS established.....FTP reached. FTP ready. USER anonymous as PASS apply TYPE to I. CWD incoming CWD PASV STOR BINARY mypictures.jpg. QUIT 221-You this using the FTP service Tearing GPRS TEST COMPLETE The of the when the FTP option selected shown EMAIL TEST PASSED BACK attached. Establishing GPRS established..... SMTP: Connected SMTP: Read: smtp.attwireless.net ESMTP Service ready SMTP: Wrote HELO SMTP: Read: smtp.attwireless.net mobile.attws.net? SMTP: Wrote MAIL FROM: This the FTP oaccount the account to account
SMTP: Read: OK SMTP: Wrote RCPT TO: SMTP: Read: OK SMTP: Wrote DATA SMTP: Read: with SMTP: Wrote To: Subject: SMTP: Wrote SMTP: finished SMTP: Wrote SMTP: Read: and SMTP: Wrote QUIT SMTP: Read: Tearing GPRS TEST COMPLETE The of the when the option selected shown This from the The type of the SMS TEST PASSED BACK attached. SMS ...SMS SMS of when text selected shown EMAIL TEST PASSED BACK attached. Establishing GPRS established..... Starting SMTP: Connected SMTP: Read: smtp.attwireless.net ESMTP Service ready SMTP: Wrote HELO SMTP: Read: smtp.attwireless.net mobile.attws.net?
SMTP: Wrote MAIL FROM: SMTP: Read: OK SMTP: Wrote RCPT TO: SMTP: Read: OK SMTP: Wrote DATA SMTP: Read: with SMTP: Wrote To: Subject: SMTP: Wrote SMTP: finished SMTP: Wrote SMTP: Read: received and SMTP: Wrote QUIT SMTP: Read: Tearing GPRS TEST COMPLETE The of when selected shown SMS This that the commands text The SIM the back of the and the phone to the both of the Text the seconds to to the phone The displayed. The phone found the Service RECEIVE SMS TEST PASSED BACK attached. SMS SMS. SEND SHORT MESSAGE from SMS RX The of the Text displayed
Network Services and Computers the that SMTP To the to SMTP Usually SMTP to the of Service (ISP's) such as AOL, MSN, or to their to account associated with the ISP. This to through their and to this reason SMTP associated with typical account allow the Fortunately, the SMTP their that their customers. the following to the the Network SMTP Service SMTP AT&T smtp.attwireless.net other service the of SMTP which they supply. Additionally, the of which its the to allow from the The SMTP the which allows access. If or then the of SMTP FTP Servers, which the of the the FTP Access to FTP the to the FTP option. Fortunately FTP the restricted that SMTP Common (AOL, Earthlink) usually to least amount of their FTP each account This and the to to the The FTPJPG then the from the The of FTP to the Network username and which associated with the FTP account, to allow with username of "anonymous" and consisting of type directory specified the Network If directory specified the the directory the specified account If FTP of required, then the of FTP
Access The interact with text of to when The the Network within the Selecting text as the type the this function. The to the phone and that activity. Once this the process, the and to the and initiate the text received the succeeds. If the operated the ON commanded and of operation text from the SM= where from to the broadcasting with the SM=100, the broadcasting of completely. The phone of the this command, the Service the This when the switch the back plate the ON It when the operated the AUTO To this to the and Troubleshoot and the Text the Text the the text and the when the succeeds. The from the service both the and the phone that or text from the to include service or SMS). If text and commanding the and of then this concern. charges from the service from text with the
the This to with its to the This the the actually establish the with the the back of the to as COM Inspect the back of the COM1 or COM2. COM then the ones. If there purchase USB to RS-232 from the This USB the RS-232 with the the CD that the the CD the and the Click the the that appears. the following instructions. titled and appear showing which which COM If there to the COM that selected to the they to COM only active Highlight the clicking then the of the to the to the selected from Once the from the selected COM to the the New appear. At the of this the Dont from then Next. appear, of and On the highlighted and the right of the Then Next. the Selected Ports and highlight the COM to to the the below clicking Click Next then Unused
This back to the and It should the the selected COM If to and the selected COM and from that If the shown the selected OK. This the first of the The the Network to the PPP this The Network phone to The phone to establish the Next without You prompted Users selected and Next. You prompted the The should Click appear that the Click OK. appear stating that the the used. You the option of restarting the or XP to restarted to the the required. Once the restarted, there the titled COM Follow the instructions the with PC section found the chapter titled Communicating with the to to the If the following. The pass-thru type. type where the switched from to the other. pass-thru type each the the COM that selected the of the Switch the back to establish with PC. The LED should slowly. The of to other software attached to the selected COM to from the selected COM proceeding with the
GSM, SIM, PIN and the The GSM the the to this with the SIM (Subscriber Identity required. This the as It the account information and phone and text properly SIM the back of the transmitted. The account SIM instance, service to The SIM the of the GSM This GPRS Service), allows the to to the provisioned SIM as the account with with the operations, Since each the option the only SIM account. Additionally, text SMS) the text or the operation service charge each text that explicitly included the service based of the of the amount of the offer based the of or of month. typical with about (thousand bytes). about of the inexpensive the to about each month. allowing amount of each month the the to frequently. SIM the of to account (PIN). If PIN this included with the from the service This the the the process. If PIN this field Its to that the required). incorrect the to More importantly, the three to incorrect PIN, the SIM become locked. This anti-theft built the SIM If the becomes to incorrect PIN, or PUK obtained from the service The SIM then GSM and the completed. The to SIM If the attempted with the incorrect PUK the SIM become permanently locked. SIM then obtained. To this the PIN the to the and Troubleshoot and the Service If the SIM PIN and the incorrect PIN the and to the PIN back to the and the PIN. to the with the incorrect PIN The SIM become the third try.
Its worth that the Service the associated with the SIM Each SIM account associated only SIM. This the to to to the the of to used. Not the SIM with the account If displayed this to from the from the
The following items, to with the IV from the Additional The of and wide-angle supply The indefinitely from based supply. AC AC allow from AC supply. and and receivers allow the to from to without The interfaced to switches, and motion as as other The attached to the the input. amplifier/speaker which playback when initiated wireless This to from the or to of