these features or that matches needsthis and flow with light flow thermostats These allow to reduce the of the gas-boosted These Gas-boosted heating option of north facing which throughout the While they to the typical from the as as years homes). Government The reduce the and therefore reduce the further information the www.sedo.energy.wa.gov.au/pages/subsidy.asp Top government EN ERGY industry EN DO RSEM EN Clothes asher SS120 This to that the the their the of testing. ore inform ation and to IN ER easy to choose the heater to TESAW) Each government authority to heaters that the highest TESAW ratings. of heater TESAW Choosing household typical household, the as as 12-year This would reduce and TESAW the brochures and information winning the Top Further information and (WA only) Australian Association Technical Office National rating The the initiative the of and New South the of the and South the Office and the Australian Office. The information this publication from and to when published. Products this the of information and reference this publication should as official of the government the the This to the of people with Published July the Office Printed to heaters
choosing heater people such as type, capacity, and when heater. easily the purchase of heater. to the and when around. heaters rated efficiency the Australian Association, and to the efficiency of the simply, the the money and the of around This the to of heaters. If about to heater: the Top (TESAW) modelthey the the The the government EN ERGY industry EN DO RSEM EN Clothes asher SS120 This to that the the their the of testing. ore inform ation and to IN ER the Australian the rating The the the the rating The further this the the the the The the the amount of the MJ). It based testing to the Australian the and of of 45C the The the the to and the the If of the type and which the the with the the the the as to the typical of to the then this to the of MJ year and of MJ ($0.021/MJ), the The to the each MJ of consumed, around of emitted, the the or The and where type and the amount of used, the of installation, the thermostat and behaviour. the Office Typical heaters Based of of top rated If would the the or If information choosing heater to the Office If information the Australian Associations Technical Office Telephone information Top winning the Top heaters
the Australian the rating The the the the rating The further this the the the the The the the amount of the MJ). It based testing to the Australian the and of of 45C the The the the to and the the If of the type and which the the with the the EN ERGY industry EN DO RSEM EN Clothes asher SS120 This to that the the their the of testing. ore inform ation and to www.energyrating.gov.au IN ER choosing heater people features such as type, capacity, and when heater. easily the purchase of heater. to the efficiency and when around. heaters rated efficiency the Australian Association, and to the efficiency of the the the money simply, and the of around This the to of heaters. If about to heater: the Top modelthey (TESAW) the the The the the the as to the typical of to the then this to the of MJ and of MJ ($0.021/MJ), the The to the each MJ of consumed, around of emitted, the the or The and where type and the amount of used, the of the thermostat and behaviour. the Office Typical heaters Based of of top rated If would the the or If information choosing heater to the Office If information the Australian Associations Technical Office Telephone information Top winning the Top heaters
Top government EN ERGY industry EN DO RSEM EN Clothes asher SS120 This to that the the their the of testing. ore inform ation and to to: www.energyrating.gov.au IN ER easy to choose the heater to TESAW) government authority TESAW to heaters that the highest ratings. Choosing TESAW of heater household typical household, the as as This reduce the TESAW and brochures and information winning the Top these or capacity that matches needsthis and with light thermostats These allow to reduce the of the Remote These heating option of north facing which throughout the While they to the typical from the as as years homes). Government The reduce the and therefore reduce the further information the www.sedo.energy.wa.gov.au/pages/subsidy.asp features Further information and (WA only) Australian Association Technical Office National rating www.energyrating.gov.au The the initiative the of and New South the of the and South the Office and the Australian Office. The information this from and to when published. Products this publication the of information and reference this publication should as official of the government the the This to the of people with Published July the Office Printed to heaters