More Information: EERE Information 1-877-EERE-INF or Leading and Energy-Efficient Products Purchasing Specifications Authorities the of (P.L. and Regulations (FAR) to specify and ENERGY STAR products or, with ENERGY STAR products which the highest of products efficiency. Performance Purchases Washer Capacity Factor to or Factor (MEF) the of of clothes washed and hour of electricity used. MEF the the (clothes washer, heater and CFR B, J). Energy-Efficient Clothes Washers and family-size clothes washers the Factor (MEF) instead of the shown the While both include the the washer and heater, MEF that the Since clothes washers effective from clothing, and MEF of performance. Specify or products that ENERGY More Information of which the MEF shown the Performance Family-sized clothes washers to clothes washers performance, features, and The products and mechanical with and or other collecting Performance apply to of including: and specifications; and service lease and tions offers. performance should included of to with incorporating these performance their The supply clothes washers the Services Administration (GSA), which them through its Awards and GSA that clothes washers GSA ENERGY and that indicated as such. clothes washers through this the and the of products the ENERGY STAR to they this Specification amount of the clothes heating the Selecting both and ENERGY STAR- clothes washers than while cleaning as FEMP Product: Clothes Washers
FEMP Product: Clothes Washers with products with factors (WF), performance clothes washer of capacity. WF the the clothes While ENERGY STAR currently include WF its performance the of (DOE) to The Efficiency Information includes WF its of products. Performance Factor Electricity Water Factor Water Water Water The efficiency (MEF) of the the US DOE More products introduced to the this published. Information the obtained from the ENERGY STAR clothes washers products More Information Includes and heating. This the as that shown the the of the of the electricity, and based age and clothes washer of years. and of based (effective from to and conservatively to increase only the of inflation. Cost-Effectiveness this with the DOE clothes washer with foot capacity cleaning The electricity the the US. The and the Cost-Effectiveness Table the shown when heating and the clothes washer cost-effective its purchase than the of the The cost-effective its than the These heating and/or What or ENERGY STAR clothes washers its to and Clothes Washers. Select the heater type from the then input the of the rates electricty, and The section that Cost-Effectiveness More Information: EERE Information 1-877-EERE-INF or Services Administration www.fss.gsa.gov/ EPA/DOE ENERGY STAR of and family-size clothes washers www.energystar.gov/products/ American Council and (ACEEE) publishes the Consumers to which chapter and of clothes washers. This from ACEEE www.aceee.org/ The Efficiency (CEE) information promoting clothes washers. www.cee1.org/ the of clothes washers and other its Lawrence National Laboratory research and of this efficiency purchasing specification. America efficiency and clean, renewable and Working with of community, industry, and university the U.S. of Office of Efficiency and Renewable invests of March Leading and