Started................................................3 Battery Charge................................................................................3 Phone...........................................................4 Activation Activation Turn Phone...........................................................6 Customer (ON/OFF B.....................................................................................8 Recessed Switch......................................................................9 Battery
Microphone.........................................................................................9 Speakerphone Jack....................................................................................10 Jack..............................................................................11 of Lights (Optional Faceplates) LCD USB Supply....................................................................................11 Product Features.....................................................................12 Battery...............................................................................................13 Operation..................................................................14 Turn ON/OFF................................................................15 Turn ON Turn OFF Phone-Anytime Phone-Reward
Priority Incoming Switch to the and Countdowns Bars, and Indicators....................................................21 Top Turn backlight ON when Power-Save Power-Save to Incoming Power-Save to Non-Call Power-Save Turn from Operations and Applications
Learning High Math to Whats Taught?...................................................................31 How to Whats Taught?...................................................................33 Math to Whats Taught?...................................................................35 Fact to Whats Taught?...................................................................36 Scoring..........................................................................................36 to Whats Taught?...................................................................39 More
Countdown To Items..........................................................................43 off To Item Completed Phone-Anytime Phone-Anytime Emergency Custom Lights (ROL) Phone-Reward..................................................................................48 Phone-Reward Missed of Received........................................................50 and to Stopwatch Other To Tones..............................................................................58 Match It.......................................................................................55
to Custom Tones..................................................59 Choose Choose to Turn ON/OFF ON/OFF........................................................................64 Information Wireless Devices....................................71 RF RF FCC Product Product Product Instructions Battery Information
Technical One-Year Warranty.......................................................85
Congratulations the purchase of ready to phone learning about the exciting features and this This to to and easily. what the C o o phone USB supply
ON/OFF B/ Recessed Microphone Accessories C o o Battery Charge Speakerphone LED
Started Battery Charge with built-in rechargeable Lithium battery. The partially charge phone the first To that, follow these instructions: the USB that with supply. Then, supply USB accessory phone displays showing the charge The LED light the and off. You the pressing A. The to that NOTE: Please C o o
phone activated There options Activation, or Activation. activation, completely and turned Turn phone the A) and the appears. Activation To the Activated please to the and follow the If access, to the Activated to to phone and Activation to the Follow the instructions the It through the activation the first the phone activated. You phone and NOTE: Initial synchronization the phone and the of C o o
to the the to that the phone and from the and and the phone ANYTIME or REWARD Click ADD The and appear the NOTE: You to ANYTIME and REWARD numbers. to the to of and the of Click SAVE the NOTE: of REWARD the month displayed the phone and C o o
Turn PUSH BUTTONS and the to OPERATION CONTROL BUTTON ACTION Press and (ON/OFF BUTTON) ON/OFF seconds WAKE UP from or BACK END CALL and ANSWER incoming Press BACK TO TOP from Short SCROLL UP or DOWN to highlight item (ONLY SELECT highlighted item Speakerphone/handset (ONLY ANYTIME phone Turn phone and top To to Phone-Anytime. Press SELECT. or to the to Press SELECT to C o o Short (ON/OFF BUTTON). or Press strength.
To (ON/OFF BUTTON). NOTE: If they interface or phone properly with interface. REWARD phone top to Phone-Reward. With Phone-Reward highlighted, SELECT. SCROLL UP or DOWN to the to Press SELECT to To (ON/OFF BUTTON). NOTE: If this REWARD interface, or properly with interface. Customer If or of the please the below: to the (FAQ) and C o o
phone speakerphone. phone headset switches to headset (ON/OFF C o o Press to Press and seconds to off. phone or and phone to back While turned the seconds. while ON to the the phone power-save The to or through the items. Press to highlighted
Recessed Switch Battery Microphone Speakerphone C o o LED the seconds type of or incoming acknowledge and clear the LED the The recessed switch located the below the buttons. or item to the switch. to this operation OFF. the top of the the information about On the right of the top the strength. If displays, the The microphone The speakerphone to hear and The speakerphone with headset option. to or with flashing lights, and to the
C o o incoming and The headset the The the of phone headset around the and this the type of headset that with the The headset that three with the
of Lights (Optional Faceplates) LCD USB C o o The charging battery. If this option activates of lights flashing around the activates flash. phone with The B USB charging the and to the when connected to the mount supply or PC. You this to from the PC the supply to charge phone from
Product the and the located of Please to the information to the features. C o o
with built-in rechargeable Lithium battery. The partially charge the phone the first WARNING: the USB with phone to charge battery, or You the USB PC to charge battery, or with the supply to charge You the optional to charge DO NOT the from the Doing the warranty. Charge from the outlet NOTE: shows the while the off. The LED the switch while C o o the USB from the supply the Then, the supply the the USB the accessory of
OPERATION CONTROL BUTTON ACTION Press and (ON/OFF ON/OFF BUTTON) seconds WAKE UP from or BACK from Short (ON/OFF END CALL and BUTTON). BACKLIGHT ON Short seconds) ANSWER incoming ALERT LED flash, BACK TO MAIN MENU from POWER-SAVE from (ONLY SCROLL UP or DOWN to highlight item POWER SAVE SELECT Press highlighted item C o o Short (ON/OFF BUTTON). Press Short or
Turn ON/OFF Turn ON NOTE: using the top to the You to to another location to NOTE: to characters) the interface C o o Press (ON/OFF The LED automatically. seconds, the backlight You prompted to the to with Then the Screen displays with to If the interface, displays scheduled If the Countdown interface, to Countdown If of the items SELECT to to the and operation. the
Turn OFF NOTE: Press and (ON/OFF than seconds to phone off. If than seconds, OFF, and back ON NOTE: Once phone turned off, please seconds C o o Press and (ON/OFF seconds the displays. Release (ON/OFF You prompted to the to off.
Phone-Anytime You to to to to which appears the of when the Speakerphone section these Emergency instructions. NOTE: The the Phone-Anytime and the and the interface to to these Phone-Reward You to phone when authorized from the interface. to included this C o o the to highlight Phone-Anytime. Press SELECT to of to to highlight the to Press SELECT. the to highlight Phone-Reward. Press SELECT to of to to highlight the to Press SELECT.
Priority Incoming or activates the following C o o incoming from with the LED flash, and the LCD the switches to the incoming and terminates the displays the of the phone and the LED flashes seconds to acknowledge the sounds that and the turned If the of Lights option, the lights around Press ANY to Short (ON/OFF displays Select and to
Switch to the C o o You to the and the headset the headset speakerphone, the headset and switches to headset SCROLL UP or DOWN to the The Information about the of and Notice of and of incoming Notice of from or from of the month, or the REWARD selecting features and
and Countdowns If and Countdown the displays the following the C o o or the and displays You the the Account the Countdown that or to from the showing to the showing countdown timers. and countdowns the SELECT to to the and operation. You the countdown and functions the of the To or these the Account of the
Bars, and Top the and of the the and the top information about The displayed The the following features: C o o Battery Charge Text Unread New To Item Missed Appointments and the option to or to other
ICONS DESCRIPTION C o o Battery Battery Battery to recharge. Text displays when Action: to Notes to and clear when Action: to Missed to and clear. when Action: to To to To and clear when within of Action: to to and clear displays or light to strong or TALK
Turn ON when NOTE: to SHORT (ON/OFF BUTTON) to backlight ON. phone OFF. C o o The backlight when the ON. You the brightness of the phone the While the ON, the backlight seconds. If seconds while ON, the backlight OFF. the backlight, Short (ON/OFF BUTTON).
Power-Save Power-Save C o o phone when active and of seconds. the displays the or clock the the You manually to power-save from the the to the first the phone This function only initiated from the power-save seconds) to the to to the first the anytime Press to the If or the Emergency the allow phone to Short to abort the
to Incoming Power-Save to Non-Call Power-Save While other than incoming to first turn ON the action to clear the C o o incoming the phone from power-save. First (ON/OFF BUTTON) to Press to acknowledge the flash/audible.) action to clear You the the interface to the and to or each the the or the The the phone to with
Turn from C o o Short (ON/OFF BUTTON) to turn ON phone and operation.
Operations and Applications C o o The to the that authorized from the interface. With the displayed, to highlight Select the highlighted item to and or to initiate action, such as If function the that function appear phone Phone-Reward authorized this Phone-Reward appear
Function Learning Phone-Anytime Phone-Reward C o o Math Math Fact High (Appointments and Countdown To Items phone tones and of lights numbers. tones and of lights phone numbers. Missed Notes-text with and without Learning Stopwatch More ON/OFF Tones ON/OFF
Learning Inc. to learning effective and of and around the family of learning platforms that to with than interactive software titles, covering such as phonics, reading, writing, math, and Each with learning board Math Math, Fact and These fast-paced and learning together to teach four math, and Each to to the of each child, and feedback that to and learn their To the to the and C o o
child their learning to started. You choose the learning and each child to and to earn High Every high to his high with and family SMS text You the the the function the NOTE: only, the and to the C o o
Math to Math to shoot the without the and numbers. Whats Taught? This activity teaches children math to from the basics (such as of numbers) to advanced math (such as numbers). players through each they subtraction, and This C o o the spaceship right and the of the the or (right). the the shoot them the the to fire or the If the earn and the If incorrect If or hits If the
Mathematics to childs and beyond. Every child foundation to mathematics and Mathematics such as and and the classroom, including sports, and money, and C o o
to The of the to correctly as as to the announced and then to the to the correctly. Whats Taught? includes of that children learn Words to hints that and with and such as and through such as and If the incorrectly, hint! C o o the wheel or to right or Press the top A) to or the to and
This Reading and writing closely tied. Learning children correctly, write confidently, and easily. learned while with reading and writing Math to The of the to as as to the and then to the to the while the path. of subtraction, or announced, based each players C o o the or to or right. Press the top A) to or the to and
Whats Taught? This activity teaches math to from the basics (such as of numbers) to advanced math (such as numbers). players through each they subtraction, and This Mathematics to childs and beyond. Every child foundation basic to mathematics and Mathematics such as and and the including sports, and money, and C o o
Fact to facts! as as correctly about and Whats Taught? Fact teaches children and interesting and facts that to and that include people, geography, and Scoring Players each records the highest that If the the first try, If the try, C o o to the Then, the or to through the choices. the to the Press the top A) to the
this Learning about geography, and history establish of and and their Studying the their and other Studying and to become active and learners. C o o
to Based the to the the the the Choose from of through the interface to their childs C o o the or to through the Press the to the shown. If the the the If the the to the
Whats Taught? to teaching the of learn and the the learning through their childs This Reading and writing closely tied. Learning correctly, write confidently, and easily. learned while with reading and writing C o o
More Select the the to these Select the Then, The month and displays. The from through The highlights with or scheduled. The operation to the with or C o o Countdown To to or The of forty items. with the the or to through the of the month with or
NOTE: or LED flashing, and Press to clear these when to the C o o If currently month, the to the or previous month. the the month to the to the month. back the first the month to the to the month. To about or highlighted or to highlight scheduled Select that to You the the displays the Clear the
Countdown Countdown months, hours, and there the arrives include to items. the arrives, displays C o o Countdown to highlight item Select the item to
To Items To include as as items. phone when updated with To item from the interface. NOTE: To activates LED flash, and that Press to clear the LED flash, and Clear the to To to off To Item Completed that item off and to the This to or SMS the C o o the Then, to highlight To Select to To or to highlight the completed item To Select the the Complete To shows completed item phone showing completed item to the
Phone-Anytime Phone-Anytime You and from the ANYTIME without restriction. the to highlight Phone-Anytime. Press SELECT to ANYTIME or to highlight the to Press SELECT to To and confirm. C o o the to the first the This function initiated from the section Power-Save
Emergency NOTE: information of to the the interface and to the Notes the C o o The location the of hour to allow to the the the to highlight Phone-Anytime. Press SELECT. to highlight Press SELECT. phone to selecting YES or NO. Select YES to To and (ON/OFF To the or to to the Account
Custom You tones to with incoming You tones the Tones C o o
Lights (ROL) The of Lights (ROL) optional accessory that purchased from the The of Lights allows to from of lights flashing around to to incoming the optional of Lights You choose ANYTIME and REWARD You choose to the of Lights from the or turned ON or OFF from the C o o
Phone-Reward Phone-Reward NOTE: If this the REWARD allocated expired, this allowable REWARD or properly with the Phone-Reward to REWARD with REWARD of the You of month, or REWARD REWARD within of the phone expired, terminated. top to highlight Phone- Select to REWARD C o o
or to highlight the to Press SELECT to To (ON/OFF BUTTON). The Tone and features from Phone-Anytime REWARD C o o
Select the to these Missed The Missed displays the top and clears when the of You of the the highlight and to highlight Missed to To from the to highlight the Press SELECT to of the highlight and to highlight to To from the to highlight the Press SELECT to C o o Missed Notes
and to The Notes displays the top to LED flashes of the clears. You to Press to clear the Select from the Select Notes to Clear the selecting and the If included the then the clears. Press SELECT to the to characters length. If required, to chosen Press SELECT to The then NOTE: To with or without choice of to the Phone, the the C o o
NOTE: with choice what NOTE: Phone-Reward apply to the and NOTE: There the of Notes, the If required, to the C o o You from text phone that the or To to this each
Select from the through the to highlight To to the please the Click and follow the NOTE: You MP3 to the Stopwatch Select Stopwatch from the Press SELECT to and SCROLL DOWN to to four SCROLL UP clears the and the count. C o o
Other Select and then More to choices, this from the interface this to or these from the interface. C o o
Match It The and increases to each with from to The matches the If the increases and the of increases If the and the of The and the while One of presented. C o o
To of the the factory. Custom recorded tones through the selections highlighted item to Press (ON/OFF BUTTON) to the SETUP to operation. ON/OFF Tones Boring ON/OFF C o o
The this selected, sounds only heard with the optional other affected this selection. to the C o o
Tones The tone from the microphone. the Tones Select of the tones. You to four tones and tone To and the SELECT the recording to (or the tone C o o
to Custom Tones the Tones Select of the tone To the and the SELECT button. The appear release the SELECT or the completed. You the of the and tones from the C o o
Choose the the Brightness the to the of backlight. C o o Watch or to Press SELECT to
Choose or Watch You choose from that when C o o the to highlight Watch Press SELECT. to highlight the Press and Confirm to SAVE
the Select to the to the the Choose 12-hour or 24-hour this to clock 12-hour or 24-hour C o o
to Information Turn ON/OFF This ON or OFF including and C o o Application IMEI GSM and GPRS IP IMSI IMEI
Choose this option synchronization with ON/OFF You ON or OFF the function This function ON or OFF from the C o o
The software the phone and the software recorded the CD (collectively, Software) together with the and the (collectively, the protected U.S. copyright and international treaties, and only with the terms and of this Please this the of this the or to the and/or child(ren) who purchase and/or the phone of of the terms and of this (If to or this should phone should instead to the merchant from whom purchased, within the specified their to of purchase with such Ownership: phone L.P. or its (as of the property rights to the Software and (including revisions, or other thereto, and or therefrom). The Software and licensed, to as below. There rights this and rights to with other of this to the Software C o o
and with the of with the You or the Software, or or the Software or or from and the Software and the to another as of the or other of to such such to bound of the terms and of this While every reasonable to the and of the information the such information AS IS without warranty of and technical or or such information. Furthermore, the right to or otherwise the of the whole or without Software as to covered the warranty, obligation to or to the Software. From to however, its or to the Software, as they become through such CD as account that and/or wireless service Please to the of this This C o o
AS IS without warranty of You the of the and account such To the to information or that or such to reasonable to such information or and to the of of such or internal business as and to to third as or to with To the that wireless service includes such (or to or such service or third party, responsibility such Safety: Please to the sections of the information or instructions the or of phone and its battery. Those sections incorporated this reference. Warranty: Please to the Warranty section of the the of the warranty That section incorporated this reference. of You acknowledge that the of the phone with this and the and that wireless service the wireless service that to and from Accordingly, that injury, property or or of or acts or with the of the the or acts or of C o o
wireless service the coverage, type or of service from wireless service the to or through the or to the with the interface, as of restriction or wireless service or the operated wireless service or or other the of IN NO EVENT SHALL ENFORA BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE TICTALK PHONE, THE SOFTWARE, THE DOCUMENTATION AND/OR THE WEB CONFIGURATION INTERFACE. Indemnification: You to and its officers and from and and and (including to reasonable attorneys of or acts or with the of the of the other than with the or unauthorized that or through phone or the interface; or breach of of this and of Other the of their respective owners. You of those other than to the respective products, without the written of the respective owner(s). C o o
Restrictions: You agree that or the its Software or or products such Software or of or regulations of the United States and/or other which Termination: as effective terminated. You terminate ceasing to and its Software and terminate immediately to comply with or of this Termination of terminate of this which such termination to the to their or This the of the State of Texas, United States of America, its conflicts of The United Nations Convention Contracts the International of its from to this Severability: the of this found to or the and enforceability of of the affected or impaired. This forth the and and whether written or with to the the Software, the and the Interface. This writing both and C o o
L.P. E. United States of America www.enfora.com L.P. Rights C o o TX
Information Wireless Devices RF WARNING! Please this information wireless and receiver. It and to the to (RF) the (FCC) of the U.S. These of and establish of RF the These based the previously the U.S. and international The include to the of of age and health. The wireless RF such as the of known as the Absorption or SAR. The SAR the FCC SAR or below that the wireless RF to the tested and to the FCC that the SAR established the FCC. SAR conducted the and locations the ear or the as the FCC each The phone C o o
tested and the FCC RF when as speakerphone or with phone or when the using Other with FCC RF CAUTION: To RF strongly recommended that headset or other accessory when RF The following information, from, or based information the U.S. Food and Administration (FDA) its the heading Facts: Consumer Information Phones The information below reflects through the of Please the FDA (and the other below) the information. The that health associated with wireless There proof, however, that wireless absolutely Wireless of RF while used. They of RF when the stand-by Whereas high of RF health heating to low-level RF that heating known health effects. of low-level RF found effects. that such confirmed C o o
research. other researchers those or the reasons The FDA and other U.S. government health and together and with the World Health (WHO) to and research related to RF effects. It that further research to what effects actually and whether they to the organizations and government to the to whether to health. the WHO established the International EMF to the and of health the of RF technology. The WHO that information this and about RF and research www.who.ch/peh-emf If there from using wireless phonesand this the the of such concerned about to to RF. factor reducing the amount of wireless reduce RF If wireless phone every and the of the RF, the off dramatically with headset and the wireless phone from or wireless phone connected to C o o
sponsored other governments that from wireless the government the United distributed containing such They noted that that wireless or other effects. Their to wireless phone children strictly precautionary, and based that health More recently, published the National Protection (NRPB) the of from to the of wireless and concluded that there that the health of the the of wireless that the associated with wireless phone Therefore, the that "precautionary or approach" to reducing RF from wireless should followed known about these including the increased of children to RF. The (NRPB- W65) the NRPB the to users of wireless including children and If to to to RF, the would apply to and wireless Specifically, reducing the of wireless and increasing the the and the RF reduce RF The FDA the FCC to RF, and that approach, of the phone RF RF from C o o
shown to of to the when the measured SAR than the FCC (SAR of The FDA to and reports concerning effects of phone RF, and concerning of to telephone RF (that the from phone years). If information leads FDA to that to FCCs the FDA the FCC, and both together to approach. FCC This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to comply with the to B, and of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, with instructions, to However, there that interference If the interference and reception, which the and off, the to to the interference or of the following or the C o o
Increase the the and the receiver. CAUTION: or without the of the warranty and the authority to the C o o
Product Instructions CAUTION: Please follow instructions outlined below. to follow these instructions serious and/or property where the used. Turn phone off where its or where interference or to of prohibited and with the of the phone or The Health Industry Association that of inches wireless and to interference with the follow instructions of the the of wireless FCC wireless flight. Turn off phone and other as the flight the the of where might with RF to off Although it wireless or around or chemicals or other such the of while to and C o o
the while within those those other where wireless phone while accessory when using the heavy or weather and phone or or emotional or other activity while that might from the to usually free from wireless C o o
Product Instructions phone with of to or otherwise to If become immediately the off. and and (0C to 40C or to the or shower or or or location to allow or to become as this the of heat or fire. The to this would when the to the of Lights accessory, as the of Lights instructions. or to or or with as to the and the warranty. to shielded as RF from with the of such or interference to The FCC to using phone such interference C o o
The phone should with of least of inch) from the The or the that The attached, to or other of clothing the of of inch) C o o
Product Instructions of the following and Regulations of the FCC when using wireless or both. or the to wiretap or otherwise first obtained the of the the anonymous to or other people. another account without authorization, to service. or maliciously with other refuse to the when that Emergency Also, that emergency. Battery the of lithium follow the instructions below. of lithium or from heating, ignition, or the with other than specifically the charger with the C o o
or crush the battery. or with If with the the exposed with and If the the with and battery, the or recycling of or the battery. The to this overheating, fire or or charge high such as fire or the sunlight. If the too high, the protection actuated, further or short-circuit the the and terminals with or the where with such as or allow the to or the or high-pressure Stop charging the the charge If of the or there offensive immediately the from of fire or If become of such as or deformation, while charging or when the battery, C o o
the the with the thoroughly with without with physician immediately. C o o
Technical If installation, or operation of the please the C o o
One-Year Warranty to the forth below, warrants to the purchaser of the that the free from or workmanship of from the of purchase from or authorized or warrant that the the purchasers or that the operation of the or This warranty the of the purchaser and the warranty its and its or the to covered that the purchaser first of furnishes with of purchase authorization (RMA) from and the charges to that RMA. If, reasonable examination of the the purchaser, or that the covered this warranty, to or the instead the to the purchaser, which purchaser charges testing, and the to purchaser. Purchaser bear the of or to purchaser to or found to or covered this warranty and reshipped to purchaser. the repairs or the repaired or warranted the of the warranty the If to C o o
or the purchasers of the purchase and or which the purchase becomes the property of obligation this warranty wear and tear, the of of products, or that purchaser the warranty RMA from the of the warranty caused installation, or testing, or unauthorized or of the of the other than with its or the of fire, or ENFORAS SOLE RESPONSIBILITY AND PURCHASERS SOLE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE TO REPAIR OR REPLACE THE PRODUCT (OR IF REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT IS NOT POSSIBLE, TO OBTAIN REFUND OF THE PURCHASE PRICE) AS PROVIDED ABOVE. ENFORA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY PERFORMANCE AND/OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL ENFORA BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OR INTERRUPTION OF USE, DATA, REVENUES OR PROFITS) RESULTING FROM BREACH OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY OR BASED ON ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF C o o
ENFORA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OR LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES. warranty than specified and, accordingly, products those the warranty as the of those Furthermore, allow the of or the or of or the or apply to products those This warranty the purchaser rights and the purchaser other rights that from to the and the or of L.P. and the or of Inc. with Learning Inc. rights C o o