Product Instructions Battery Instructions Table of Information Features.........................................................................10 Additional Features..................................................................11 Features...........................................................................14 Station Features..................................................................16 Charger Charger Station Installation.........................................................................19 and Charger Operations A. Operation B. Telephone A. to B. Intercom/2-Way from to C. Intercom/2-Way from to Broadcast A. to B. Broadcasting from to C. Broadcasting from to Telephone On Not Guard..............................................................................................28 To Missed Battery and
wireless freedom and flexibility to instructions should followed to the of fire, while around. when shock, to and to property. Instructions Advanced Operations.................................................................................30 Subscription..................................................................31 of Additional where clear from the base, that the If the phone through. the telephone or other to wireless and the of others: Dont phone from where and Instructions Operations Text PBX Operations........................................................................................41 Technical Specifications.............................................................................45 wearers. known, FDA that people with Notice to Users: the US FDA and others shown that, although interference to the implanted wireless telephone to that there the telephones to when operating closely, wireless If reason to that interference telephone and the the breast to when using or carrying off immediately. Notice to Hearing Users: This with inductively coupled hearing Emergency with phone or location. WARNING! The and such as that these and instructions. Product Instructions
using the There of shock from TV or other These the or the charger near the to while the vicinity of the interference to the or interference from the the telephone of this the where or or the the the warranty and the ACA to or to this expressively the only Follow and instructions including those the the station or the from the and to authorized service the following If the normally following the operating instructions. the supply or or If the to or If the the of charger telephone that electricity recharge the battery, and the allow to outgoing or incoming Both the charger and the electricity operation. You should or temporary supply. the from the telephone and outlet cleaning. or cleaners. cloth cleaning. and or to the or this or The other property. rechargeable batteries. The short-circuit, and the only rechargeable and other of rechargeable or causing or that fire, shock, or as they the of this through housing If the or housing If the shows performance. Battery Instructions These or covered. the carpeting, or other these and should This should or or the housing or heat or built-in provided. of the with Battery or of properly. the fire. The instructions. indicated the If of the type of This should operated from the type of supply to or and The or overheat the to short-circuit the with such as and or fire. and cords as this fire or shock. Follow the charging instruction this and instruction and the and shock when the used. To shock or burn, this or other Incorrect reassembling of the this to authorized service when service or required. or covers to or the battery. Released and to or The toxic to or
please the following Station This telephone with ACA On the of the 11C the U.S. or CA-11A telephone service that other information, the FCC (REN) and the Service which RJ- this information. the heats This and Information and Warranty Card Battery Charger AC/DC AC/DC Telephone Cord Short Charger the of the of connected to should The REN to the of to and when telephone called. To of the of to phone should telephone the REN to phone from the the If telephone to the telephone the telephone corrected. with service rights this procedures that the functioning of telephone with telephone its operations, or rights this please the following and Warranty Card Battery Charger AC/DC Short Charger from/to TVs, VCRs, computers, or other To or These to reasonable protection interference installation. Operations of these interference such interference, the should or operated near This telephone tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC and RSS210 of the DOC other the off and the to to the There that interference installation. If this interference to other which interference or of the following (including and Lightning Protection (including Leather Optional Accessory Battery the to outlet from that the interference. the or least the and other
The LCD LED (Light backlighting. The of LCD consists of icons. LCD RSSI Indicator) to the the of received. Indicates active Indicates active from to right ID Left/Right The and of the LCD, characters each, selections, or characters. Indicates the of the the of to the amount of Shows when of the and ID Indicates charging when charger Battery END ON/OFF Broadcast LCD operation or on/off 1-Long-2-Short (every warning Distinctive sounds indicating The displays the and right to incoming TALK/ FLASH INTERCOM 2-WAY/ Microphone Battery of every seconds): on-hold or or TALK/FLASH
incoming and the LCD ID service from telephone selections (high/ vibrate-then- off) type selections ID to another ID or ID to to tone the or to the phone 2-WAY/INTERCOM LCD the or instead of Match the ID with the phone once matched, the ID info Waiting with ID service from telephone information the when Waiting with ID service from telephone with ID with ID and conducted without the from the base. broadcasting to [please to operation] broadcasting to stations selection. Left/Right Soft BROADCAST 14-character and ID service from Called to each) recently. Can numbers. Three DND Not when operation, through records and selections. Press seconds to off the /Down( Scrolling END; On/Off the from the or international and while Missed 14-character and ID service from telephone to of each to allowed ID IDs. ID and who such as the first assigned the and and other to to station; to to the Additional to the user ID and to this The If to to the to that while the ID IDs. from the to group(s) and when or ID.
with its which to the PBX Allow to the PBX those functions the OPTION Once the and to to front of the when from and to including END, Soft authority to from their and Both the selections. and to From MENU-9-1 to or Supports both DTMF and each or ID to and to14-character) Battery while From or MENU-9- to when The areas. this of the would the stand-by the or Three-level selections (high/low/off) Alphabetically and search type selections from tone the DuraFon 1X the PBX the of function to the to match PBX to PBX to characters. to edited Editing from the text and to another or of and immediately the Text Incoming distinctive tone incoming memory. of incoming The LCD seconds and then PBX
or turn clockwise; to counterclockwise. The thread to installation the Station DC RJ11 the the as high as clear path. Broadcast: Broadcast it In-Use: active LED Broadcast with assigns ID (including and base(s) to to to factory (REG) RJ-11C/CA-11A to the telephone Another RJ-11C to the optional DC In: to the Telephone: Microphone
to Charger AC Charger DC DC Charger Charged: and the LCD would Charged Charge Should there occurred charging the LCD would Charge Charge when Charge when battery to the LCD charging LCD showed Battery Charging Charging Charging Battery Battery Charging Both and the It to overcharge the using this and the LED light LED as the charging Charged: LED to light charge battery first LED light Notes: Charging cant off the while the The charging as charger as Warning Charger then OFF the shown the LCD However, the battery, would around when the to charging
or and the other the MOH back of the base. the of the Charger AC/DC AC the other the DC the back of the and Charger telephone There three Station Started and and or The phone ready to functions such as basic operations. the charger front the performance, least of (about the and other TV, The stations the clockwise; to clockwise. reverse-thread to or counter- telephone to the with the to as the base(s) and other the factory. If with Station the first Registration. AC/DC other the DC the the of the AC the back of the station. DC The charger DC The DC than the the bases DC with phone protection. The stations supply DC and telephone should the LINE telephone or the the of the TEL To the Music/Message-On-Hold of
2.PhoneBook Both the and of which only of Operations 5.Custom Select 3.Missed 4.Clear 4.Sound REG three seconds. There active once REGISTRATION the this the this lighted IDLE this the The broadcast, and active IDLE and operation. The and TALK the operates this phone Broadcast LED light respectively. A. 0.PBX 4.Assign Next Barring PBX 7.Text Telephone REDIAL MENU SLEEP/IDLE to If there on-going activity, the The turned off completely holding the END seconds. IDLE this the B. using this the CLEAR and DELETE (Right) to the the Clear the the Alternatively, first then TALK Press TALK, and then phone the the phone Press or to the phone 2.PhoneBook The the ID The edited. Press the Right function to MENU MENU the and information memory ADD OPTION Press TALK to the selection covered from The through the MENU The MENU as below:
INTERCOM once the INTERCOM from the only the the C. Intercom/2-Way from to corner. If ID shown that established, the ID appear the approaching the boundary of the coverage. To abort END Notes: Please Press ID ID as ID as ID as and ID as The once, then the from A. to Broadcast The offers from or to stations and of station. If established, the LCD If the occupied, the LCD shows the of the and to established. PA to to the to broadcasted speakerphone of once hear the sound; the within Hear while the initiating coverage Press BROADCAST from Press END to the broadcasting Broadcasting the Station Please Press ID or ID. Press END to the A. to Notes: to PA to the to broadcasted speakerphone of once hear the sound; the within Hear while the initiating coverage the ID and then BROADCAST Broadcasting of from group) that establish with the If ID the first to that If established, the LCD shows The first to Press the to establish with the base. Subscription. B. Intercom/2-Way from to to PA Press END to the broadcasting the ID and then Broadcasting The seconds, then terminate the SLIENT The INTERCOM LED
incoming arrives, the or the turned off. ID) the Telephone to the to broadcasted speakerphone of once hear the sound; the within Hear while the initiating BROADCAST If the the END, and the to switched to to the and If the the charger temporarily You SILENT choose to Notes: PA from SLIENT within Hear while the initiating coverage. Press Broadcast the to Press END to the broadcasting B. Broadcasting from to Broadcast to arrives, the or the off. Press TALK to the Unknown, the information the turning off the (from the the SILENT the incoming information. If the LCD shows or If ID service the LCD the the or the to PA Press the Broadcast and to IDLE Hear while the initiating the stations. the ID and then BROADCAST The Broadcast LED light C. Broadcasting from to Broadcast to the If the the PWR, END, and the SILENT to switched to to the and If the the temporarily You the SILENT choose to the The LCD displays the ID. Notes: to the to broadcasted speakerphone of the once hear the sound; the Press the END and to IDLE Press REDIAL turning off the the SILENT the or Arrow to through the The LCD shows the phone To this Select and DIAL DIAL
Sounds: To the UNMUTE effective the To telephone or END or charger the MENU Sounds Not Tone SAVE temporary the when incoming option. The locked. To (Right) then to accepted the on/off choice. This off the then Press SAVE to from the arrives, SILENT OPTION HOLD The effective There of as and to On UNLOCK Press to or off. To the UNLOCK then, within seconds, the to To Missed UNHOLD OPTION seconds the that You If the on-hold LCD displays tone The only the To to the UNHOLD the HOLD (Right) that Notes: VIEW MENU You Missed Charge the when or of the following VIEW to the information. incoming You to the ID service from to this Battery and You off the battery) while pressing UNHOLD or from the Option the You the with the coverage. Once of the coverage, to stand-by Clear function the OPTION item the to terminate the when pressed. every seconds. LCD and backlighting become shortfall experienced. Battery empty. active, the other hear to established, OPTION and to the microphone.
If purchased as of with the the factory. Advanced Operations You the the and the operating the back to charger as as recommended performance. Battery and the only and If ID as that or the ID You to the with the station. ID and The assigned ID the LCD, indicating process. the to BASE the Press this the Press and the bases (REG) seconds light Press MENU-6 to the the ID to the security and You from base. the ID The first ID and which them the to the to or phone other process. the Press the this the ID Press and the bases REG seconds Press the this the Press (Right) The timeout from Notes:
Press and the (REG) the seconds light that which to Press MENU-6 from HS to the and the REG button. The the with BASE the option selected. The and to to timeout from the or timeout. ID from to Registration: While telephone and the base, base, or base. Press then the ID this the process. the Customer Service Group, and related Then to to that to incoming the Group, and the Group. and to and which group(s) they to or Subscription UNHOLD OPTION HS PBX HS You 1X to the PBX the to assigned PBX Press OPTION to selection. Press HOLD to Three of PBX Selection to membership group. Press ADD and Press Press to the Selections: PBX Press and then the Normally, each PBX to function the to the ID to to the You that ADD DELETE assignments. Consequently, The affiliations The selections DELETE (Right) and from group. Notes: Press END the the to the Un-announced Announced 1X as the to The BASE as the base. HS or HS12, to the of Additional
to the You the and The Press and the ID to the Press to selection The XFER Press or the END to The to the Notes: If the timeout, the routed back to the Flash(msec): the You to choose from.) You the from to DONE once the Press and the ID to the Press to selection The allows to to outgoing allows the to to incoming, The option to this and 2-Way/Intercom OR and and 2-Way/Intercom from station: whether to the incoming, Press to the function. The PBX recommended to the of 1X to match Notes: If the to PBX it or the Press and the This function useful the attached to the PBX through the ID to the Press to PBX the PBX PBX SAVE YES NO From Incoming and Scrolling to from to Then the to switch YES NO and then to the SAVE the stations from which to selected the Press to incoming PBX: DELETE Notes: the to PBX SAVE Flash*70 On PBX brand, to You the and OK to the Flash+*+70 as the or to switch ON and OFF. The OFF. You DONE confirmation. ON and SAVE whether to to outgoing Select SAVE On to On and to SAVE outgoing The Press to the function. and to On or Press to Assign Next Please PBX to the of 1X to match the PBX and This function to then the ID to assigned There four of that
character field the character. If field. or to the or phone the to the to characters from the the the to the to or Notes: Press and then ID to assigned. You and confirmation. ID to Press and the ID to the which when of of the or (the character the or of the or manually. or to the to (to the the following the the to to or or to the the (LCD displays P). (PP) the right of the character). seconds the and PhoneBook ID to and characters). Each phone or You to the or when To follow or Press ADD To entry: Operations The alphabetically and as (A to Z) from the top of the If the phonebook from the the first displayed the top of the If the phonebook the arrow, the first the top of the If the phonebook the arrow, the first displayed the of the ADD OPTION SAVE DELETE SAVE DELETE You then prompted to the records without Press SAVE to without top of the the they Press SAVE when completed. DELETE to the phone when LCD Press that to the first character of the and then the once. The first of LCD shows and the shows the If the than OPTION and Option to the or to the To search record: To the the or to the of the character the DELETE to the character completed, SAVE to selection. or to the ADD OPTION or or the alphabetical To
SAVE SET PW Barring On to to NY as the to to Once the the To the selection. Option: LCD shown Press YES to search to the to or edited. Press OPTION to editing Press to the ADD OPTION Option: YES OPTI NO please include that to If to PBX the PSTN Press OPTION to or the to of Press TALK or to the phone or ID displayed. search to the to or or the To or edited. Press OPTION to Press to the phone from the entry. The counter the right to outgoing edited, and They the the they with of the LCD shows the ID. Short text to characters each, from to another or of Text Characters and C Character Notes: to reference. They the recently received. The counter the the the they received, with right of the LCD shows the ID. Tex Press (Right) while the Press following to and editing outgoing text when character editing when editing when character when Press ADD to text or to character or or to the characters using the Character Table and the section. the from the or international You the to the The PW or to switch On and of this The Press SAVE to
to PBX PBX and PBX SAVE DELETE Press (Right) while the the character. the as You the Text ID as the right of the LCD finished, SAVE to SAVE DELETE ADD Empty PBX Flash*70. Press SAVE to Press following to PBX Press ADD to PBX to the of the the of the PBX features phonebook PBX Press SAVE to ADD OPTION to this Please ID or ID While the Press to outbox text the Press and to There acknowledgement Press OPTION to or the To or the The SAVE DELETE ADD OPTION PBX F*70 the to the and the third PBX that frequently. Press Option to or the PBX the appear the LCD The first PBX and the F the arrives, the of text The text the LCD seconds and then the Press to Follow the instructions OPTION HOLD PBX Press the of the function to to PBX function Press END when the function and back to Press OPTION while the PBX the Notes: The LCD displays the received or to previous The LCD displays Empty there inbound text Press DELETE and to the the Press SAVE to the to Press to text The DuraFon PBX function This would the 1X function PBX features the to PBX feasible to PBX features with their 1X the PBX the PBX
Press to the received, from the or to through the Press to the the than to and or without the OPTION options. with PBX to the diversity of Operations Please that to the ID service from the LCD displays there to this function. from the or to Press to the phone to the the phone than to and or without the and to the record. Tone 3.Missed 2.PhoneBook 4.Sound Please that to the ID service from the LCD there Missed to this function. to the the phone than While of the three DIAL to the phone to and or without the and to the record. through the Press OPTION 5.Custom Select 0.PBX Barring PBX 7.Backlight 4.Clear 7.Text the three ID service from The and Missed incoming to phone numbers, and incoming ID service Press to sound-related recorded. Notes: Press to the called, received, or Records or the Press to operation Press to search, and the phonebook instruction Press MENU (Right) while the Press to the or to through Press to or to through High-then-Vibrate, and High. Press SAVE to selection. Press to the phone from the or to through the Press OPTION and to the record.
or to through On, and Seconds. seconds, that the off the backlight seconds of inactivity. finished; SAVE to change. finished; SAVE to Press to the LCD backlight: Press to arring Press to when pressed: or to options: and Press SAVE to selection. and Press SAVE to selection. through High, and Press SAVE to selection. Press to the or to through and the PBX function or to switch On and The Press to to to the to The PW Press to PBX features that finished; SAVE to Please to operation. Please to operation. or to and to or off the Press to If On selected, the prompted to to this turned the LCD the each TALK first whether to the The outgoing phone or the and or to Press to Press to inbox text or outbox text the instructions Press to the instructions the to editing) Press to or and base: the instructions Press to Press to Select: or to English, or Spanish. The English. This and credit displayed. Press or to the to the of the Press SAVE to selection. Press to Once Select BS function, to the ID which to choose outgoing Press to outgoing Press following ID to the instructions The OFF. or to the or to (to the of the or (the character the or of the Press to the LCD to the right of the character). or other characters the Character and the section. Press and to clear the three (Called, Received, and Missed). Press and to the Press to clear and or to through to that to finished; SAVE to change. Press to LCD
Station Specifications Spacing RF Technical Specifications TD TD Access BER TNC Connector NA TDMA MSK MSK of of (optional) BER Rate TX CRC (TDD) Rate G.729A G.729A Rate TIA/EIA-470B TIA/EIA-470B Quality of ID NA RJ11 Telephone Interface NA NA CRC (TDD) V, Battery V/12V AC/DC Source hours (from empty) NA Charge with C C C C NA Charger Current Notes: The the right to and specifications without NA Not Applicable.