Instructions......................................................................4 Product Instructions Battery Instructions Information Features.......................................................................................10 Features.........................................................................10 Additional Features..................................................................11 Features...........................................................................14 Station Features..................................................................16 Charger Charger Started Station and Charger Operations A. B. Telephone A. to B. Intercom/2-Way from to C. Intercom/2-Way from to Broadcast A. to B. Broadcasting from to C. Broadcasting from to Telephone On Not of
wireless telephone freedom and to instructions should to the of fire, while around. when using shock, to and to property. Instructions To Missed Call(s) Battery and Advanced Operations.................................................................................29 Subscription..................................................................30 of Additional Operations Barring Text PBX Operations........................................................................................40 Technical Specifications.............................................................................44 where clear from the base, that the If the phone through. the or other to using wireless and the of others: Dont from where and Instructions emergency: wearers. known, FDA that people with Notice to Users: the US FDA and others shown that, although interference to the implanted wireless telephone to that there the telephones to If reason to that interference when operating closely, wireless telephone and the the breast to when using or carrying off immediately. Notice to Hearing Users: This phone with inductively coupled hearing Emergency with or location. Product Instructions Follow and instructions including those the and instructions.
the to while the of the TV or other These the or the charger microwave interference to the or interference from the the where or or the the from the and cleaning. or cleaners. cloth cleaning. Changes or to this the the the warranty and the FCC authorization to the telephone of this the or the charger from the outlet and to authorized service the following If the normally following the operating If the or housing the supply or or If the shows performance. If the to or If the instructions. the of charger that electricity recharge the battery, and the allow to outgoing or incoming Both the charger and the electricity operation. You should or temporary supply. and or to the or this or The other property. rechargeable The short-circuit, and the rechargeable and other of rechargeable or causing Follow the charging instruction this and instruction and the and Battery or of properly. the fire. The Battery Instructions These or covered. the carpeting, or other these and should This should or or the housing or heat or built-in provided. or that fire, shock, or as they the of this through housing injury. of the with instructions. and The or overheat the to short-circuit the with such as and or fire. or the battery. Released and to or The toxic to or or other Incorrect reassembling of the this to authorized service when service or To shock or burn, this required. Customer Service locations or covers to shock when the used. indicated the If of the type of This should operated from the type of supply to or company. and cords as this fire or shock. the heats This and using the There of shock from
please the following and Warranty Card Performance Profile Battery Charger AC/DC AC/DC Telephone Cord Station Charger Information FCC ID: NI3-SN1302 IC: 3616A-SN1302 1X On the of the that other information, the which RJ-11C the U.S. or CA-11A telephone This telephone with of the FCC and IC/DOC CS- FCC (REN) and the Universal Service this information. The IC: the that Industry of technical This with of the FCC to this interference received, including this interference, and interference that operation. the following please the following Performance Profile and Warranty Card Battery Charger AC/DC Charger the of the of connected to should The REN to the of to telephone and when telephone called. To of the of to should the REN to from the the corrected. with rights this If telephone to the telephone the telephone that the functioning of telephone with its operations, or phone rights this (including and Lightning Protection (including Performance (including Profile Optional Battery from/to TVs, VCRs, computers, or other To or These to reasonable protection interference Operations of these interference such interference, the telephone should or operated This telephone tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC and RSS210 of the DOC other However, there that interference installation. If this telephone interference to other which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following This service the telephone to to the to outlet from that the least the and other interference. the or technician
or entry, of seconds): The LCD LED (Light 1-Long-2-Short warning The and of the LCD, characters each, Indicates the of the the of to the amount of or when of the Distinctive sounds indicating and ID The displays the and right or telephone or Indicates charging when charger RSSI Indicator) to the Indicates active The of LCD consists of icons. Indicates active the of from to right LCD characters. to Battery on-hold ID received. TALK/FLASH on/off Left/Right LCD Broadcast END ON/OFF INTERCOM 2-WAY/ TALK/ FLASH Microphone charger Battery
incoming phone and the LCD incoming information the when Waiting with ID service from 14-character to the user ID and to Called phone to each) Block the from the or international Matches the ID with the phone once matched, ID info Waiting with ID service from and while recently. Can numbers. the LCD the or instead of Missed 14-character If to to the to of each to allowed selections (high/ and ID service from and ID service from to that while the ID service from telephone this The DND Not type selections with ID Waiting with ID vibrate-then-ring/ off) telephone telephone Three Barring ID to another ID or ID and conducted without the broadcasting to to to tone the or to the when operation, [please to operation] through records and selections. broadcasting to stations Press seconds to off the phone /Down( Scrolling from the base. selection. Left/Right Soft 2-WAY/INTERCOM END; On/Off BROADCAST ID IDs. ID and who such as ID IDs. from the to group(s) and when the first assigned the and to to station; to to the and other ID. Additional
Allows to the PBX with DuraFon which to the PBX Once the and those functions the the to the stand-by the phonebook to front of the Incoming distinctive tone incoming when from and to characters. to edited to memory. of incoming and immediately The LCD seconds and then each or ID to to including Editing from the text Battery while Three-level selections (high/low/off) Alphabetically and search END, Soft another or of and to14-character) type selections PBX or from Text the and From or MENU-9-1 From or MENU-9-2- function only when The areas. this of the would to or Supports both DTMF and to authority to from their and Both the selections. OPTION the 1X PBX the of function. to the to match PBX to PBX
with assigns ID (including and base(s) to or clockwise; to counterclockwise. the the The thread to as high as clear path. RJ-11C/CA-11A to the telephone to Another RJ-11C to the optional the Broadcast: Broadcast In-Use: active telephone to factory DC to the (REG) Telephone: LED Station DC RJ11 Broadcast Microphone
Charged: and the LCD would Charge Should there occurred charging Charge when It to overcharge the this Charge when and the LED light to the LCD charging LED as the charging the LCD Charge LCD showed Charging Charged: LED to light LED light to Charger AC Charged Battery Charging Charging DC Charger DC Charger Charging Battery Battery Charging Both and the charge first Notes: Charging The charging as charger as off the while charging with the Warning Charger than OFF the shown the LCD the battery, would around when the to charging
or and the other the MOH back of the base. and phone and or the of the Charger AC/DC AC the other the DC the the to mounting L included, purchased from Charging mounted, L should The ready to basic such as operations. the charger front the back of the and Charger There three Station Started performance, least of (about the and other TV, telephone or the To the Music/Message-On-Hold of the of the TEL with protection. AC/DC The stations the clockwise; to clockwise. other the DC the the LINE reverse-thread to the of the The stations supply (DC and telephone DC The charger DC AC the should The DC than the or counter- the bases DC back of the station. telephone with Station to the with the to as the base(s) and other the factory. If charge the first
Tone 3.Missed 2.PhoneBook Both the and of operation which only procedures of functions Operations 5.Custom Select 0.PBX Barring 4.Clear 7.Text 4.Sound REG three seconds. There active once IDLE this the The broadcast, and this light REGISTRATION the this the and operation. The and TALK the operates this The The the ID. SLEEP/IDLE to The turned off completely Press the Right function to selection covered from The functions through the MENU If there on-going activity, the holding the END seconds. MENU the and information memory The MENU as below: Broadcast LED light respectively. IDLE this the active IDLE B. A. MENU edited. Alternatively, first then TALK Press TALK, and then phone PBX 1.Incoming Telephone MENU REDIAL this the CLEAR and DELETE (Right) to the the Clear the the the the phone Press or to the Press TALK to the To abort END 2.PhoneBook OPTION ADD
INTERCOM once the the Please Press followed ID. ID as ID as ID The once, then C. Intercom/2-Way from to the from as and ID as established, the ID appear the If established, the LCD right corner. If ID that If the the LCD shows approaching the boundary of the coverage. and to Notes: PA to hearing Press BROADCAST from related within of initiating the Press END to the broadcasting. Broadcasting A. to broadcast. Broadcast The offers from or to stations and of the station. the of the Press Press END to the A. to ID or ID. established. to PA hearing of initiating related within and within Press END to the broadcasting. the ID and then Broadcasting of the broadcast. BROADCAST Please the Station group) that establish with the If ID the first to that Subscription. Notes: to PA hearing The related within of initiating the Press END to the broadcasting. the ID and then Broadcasting BROADCAST broadcast. from SLIENT If established, the LCD shows The first to Press the to The INTERCOM LED establish with the base. B. Intercom/2-Way from to the INTERCOM from the The seconds, then terminate the responds.
the turning off the (from the You SILENT choose to the SILENT operation only the If ID service the LCD the to Notes: PA from SLIENT hearing Press the Broadcast and to Press Broadcast the to to The Broadcast LED light B. Broadcasting from to Broadcast to IDLE If the the END and the arrives, the or the switched to it to the and turned off. Press TALK to the If the the charger temporarily SILENT to the Unknown, the information incoming information. If the LCD shows or the or the phone to PA hearing of initiating the broadcast. The related base, within Press the END to the broadcasting. the ID and then C. Broadcasting from to Broadcast to the BROADCAST You the SILENT choose to the turning off the the SILENT operation the The LCD displays the ID. Notes: or Arrow to through the phone DIAL The LCD shows the phone To this Press REDIAL OPTION HOLD To telephone or END or charging The effective There of as and to If the the END, and the incoming arrives, the or the switched to to the and If the the charger temporarily off. the ID) the Select and DIAL Telephone
option. The locked. or off. To (Right) then to To the UNLOCK then, within seconds, the to the on/off arrives, SILENT OPTION UNHOLD You To to the UNHOLD the HOLD (Right) On Press to UNLOCK To Missed Call(s) You off the battery) while seconds the that UNHOLD or from the Option the If the on-hold LCD displays tone The the the that Notes: MENU VIEW You the the performance. only and Battery and the and the operating Returning the back to the Charge the when or of the following charging as often as recommended when pressed. every seconds. LCD and backlighting become shortfall experienced. Battery empty. You Missed VIEW to the information. You to the ID service from to this Whenever Battery and established, OPTION and active, the other hear to the microphone. hear the other party. to stand-by Clear function the OPTION when within the coverage You the of the base. Once of the coverage, to terminate the item To the UNMUTE effective the Sounds: the MENU Sounds SAVE temporary the when incoming choice. This off the then Press SAVE to from the
the with BASE the option selected. The and to to the REG The timeout from the or timeout. ID from to If ID reads that or the ID You to the with the station. If purchased as of with the the factory. Advanced Operations the Customer Service Group, and related Then to to that to incoming to and the Group, and the Group. which group(s) they to and or ID and The assigned ID The first ID the LCD, indicating Press and the bases (REG) Press MENU-6 to the process. the to BASE the assign and which them seconds light Press this the Selection to membership group. Press Press ADD and selections DELETE Press to the Selections: the ID to the security and free the to the to process. the Press and the bases REG seconds or phone other You from base. Press the this the Press the this the Press (Right) the ID ID DELETE ADD assignments. Consequently, The affiliations The (Right) and from group. Notes: 1X as the to The BASE as the base. of Additional The timeout from Notes:
XFER Press or the END to The to the Notes: If the timeout, the routed back to the HS or HS12, to the and Press then the ID base, base, or base; Press and the (REG) that which to the seconds light this the process. Press MENU-6 from HS to the allows to to outgoing allows the to to incoming, The option to this and 2-Way/Intercom OR and and Scrolling to from and 2-Way/Intercom from station: Press to the function. whether to the incoming, Then the to switch YES NO Press to incoming The to While telephone and the Incoming YES NO SAVE From and then to the SAVE the stations from which to selected the UNHOLD OPTION HS PBX HS You Press and then the 1X to the PBX the PBX usually to the ID to to the the to assigned PBX to You that Three of PBX Press OPTION to selection. Press HOLD to whether to to outgoing to On and to SAVE Press to the function. and to On or outgoing The Press to Select On SAVE PBX Press END the the to the to the Un-announced Announced There four of that Press and the ID to the
PhoneBook Press and then ID to assigned. You and confirmation. ID to and characters). or when or To follow or You to the phonebook. when LCD Press ADD To Operations Flash(msec): You the and Press to Tone selection The the You to choose from.) You the from to Press and the ID to DONE once the Press to selection The the ADD OPTION SAVE DELETE To the the or DELETE to the character to the of the character the You then prompted to the Press SAVE when completed. records without Press SAVE to without top of the the they phone DELETE to the DONE recommended to the of DuraFon 1X to match Notes: If the to PBX the PBX SAVE DELETE completed, SAVE to selection. PBX: On PBX SAVE or the Press and the This function the attached PBX brand, to to the PBX through the You the or to switch ON and OK to the ID to the Flash+*+70 as the Press to PBX and OFF. The OFF. You DONE Select ON and SAVE PBX character field the character. If the following or manually. or to the to or field. or to the or phone the to the the the to to or or to the to characters from the the the to the and to or Notes: DELETE Notes: Since the to PBX to the of 1X to match the PBX and Flash*70 then the which when of credit the (LCD displays P). (PP) seconds the Please CANCEL ID to Press and the ID to This function to assign ID to assigned the
Characters and Character Notes: C The alphabetically and as If the from the the first If the the arrow, the first If the the arrow, the first displayed the of the (A to Z) from the top of the displayed the top of the the top of the when character when when character when editing Press that to the first character of the or to the and then the or to the To search record: once. The first of LCD shows and the shows the If the phone than OPTION and Option to the SAVE SET PW the from the or international You the to the The PW or to switch On and Barring On to of to to Once the please include that to NY as the Press OPTION to or the of this The Press SAVE to to to If to PBX the To the Barring selection. the PSTN Barring ADD OPTION LCD shown Press YES to search to the to search to the to Press OPTION to editing Press to the phone entry. Press OPTION to or or the alphabetical Press to the or or the alphabetical change. To To or edited. or edited. ADD OPTION Option: YES OPTI NO Option: Press TALK or to the or ID from displayed.
Press to Follow the instructions the of The text the LCD seconds and then the text to received reference. They the entry. The counter the right the recently received. The counter the to outgoing edited, and They the the they with the the they received, with Short text to characters each, from right of the LCD shows the ID. to another or of of the LCD shows the ID. Text The LCD displays the Press DELETE and to the or to The LCD displays Empty the Press SAVE to the to Press to there inbound text received text Press ADD to Press following to Press (Right) while the or to character or You the Text ID as characters using the Character and the character. the the section. the right of the LCD finished, SAVE to or to the and editing outgoing text as PBX 1X the PBX feasible to PBX features with their the to PBX PBX SAVE DELETE Text SAVE DELETE ADD Press following to PBX Press (Right) while the the of the PBX features phonebook PBX Press ADD to PBX and PBX OPTION ADD Please to this ID or ID While the Press to outbox the There acknowledgement Press OPTION to or the Press and to To or the The text SAVE DELETE ADD OPTION PBX F*70 PBX Flash*70. Press SAVE to The first PBX and the the of the Press SAVE to
3.Missed Operations Press Option to or the PBX the to the and the third appear the LCD PBX that frequently. F the the 5.Custom Select 0.PBX Barring 4.Clear Tone 2.PhoneBook 4.Sound OPTION HOLD PBX Press the of the function to to PBX Press END when the function Press OPTION while the PBX the and back to function PBX 1.Tone 1.Incoming 7.Text The PBX function This would the DuraFon 1X function displayed with PBX to the diversity of PBX features the to PBX Notes: Press to the phone from the Press to the called, received, or Records or the or to through the Press OPTION Press to Press to search, and the phonebook Press MENU (Right) while the instruction to and or without the and to the record. phonebook. options.
or to and to or off the and Press SAVE to selection. If On selected, the prompted to to this the LCD the each TALK first whether to the The outgoing or the and or to Press to Press to through High, and Press SAVE to Press to the or to through selection. Press to the received, from the or to through the Press to the the than Please that to to ID service from the LCD displays there from the or to to the the phone Press to the phone to and or without the and to the record. to this function. than OPTION Press to Select: or to the or to (to the or to English, or Spanish. The characters using the Character Table and of the or (the character the or of the This and or to through to that displayed. Press or to the to the Press and to clear the three (Called, Press to the LCD to Press and to the the right of the character). finished; SAVE to finished; SAVE to change. or other Press to clear and Press to LCD Press SAVE to selection. Press to the LCD backlight: to Press to Received, and Missed). of the the section. English. Please that to the ID service from the LCD there Missed to the the While of the three DIAL to the to and or without the and to the record. through the Press OPTION options. to this function. than options: Vib-then-Ring, and High. Press Press to or to through Press to sound-related the three ID service from phone The and Missed incoming to numbers, and incoming ID service recorded. Notes: Press to when pressed: or to options: and Press SAVE to selection. Press to tone: the or to through SAVE to selection.
Station Specifications RF Spacing Technical Specifications or to through On, and Seconds. Press then ID to the Press to inbox text or outbox text Once Select BS function, to the ID which seconds, that the off the backlight or to switch On and The Press to incoming the instructions to to the to executed. Press to or and base: the and the PBX Press to PBX features that finished; SAVE to finished; SAVE to Please to operation. Please to operation. to choose outgoing Press to outgoing Press to the instructions Press to The OFF. Press to The PW seconds of inactivity. 1X instructions instructions TDD TDD Access BER BER (optional) Rate TNC Connector TDMA MSK MSK Modulation of of CRC CRC Coding (TDD) (TDD) Rate G.729A G.729A Coding TIA/EIA-470B TIA/EIA-470B Quality Rate NA TX of ID NA RJ11 Telephone Interface NA V, Battery 120V/12V AC/DC Source CAN/DOC RSS210, CS03 Hearing Compatible FCC CAN/DOC RSS210, CS03 FCC NA Charger Current hours (from empty) NA Charge with C C C C NA The the right to and without NA Not Applicable. Notes: