WIRELESS SOLUTION PROVIDER 4X EN
On Not Guard.............................................................. To Missed Battery and Advanced Operations Advanced Conferencing (AA)............................................... AA AA Instructions Product Instructions Battery Instructions Information Congratulations............................................................ Features......................................... Additional Features.................................. Station Features.................................. Additional Station Features........................... Features........................................... Charger Charger Features....................................................... Started Station Installation......................................... and Charger Operations A. B. Telephone to Broadcast Telephone Table of Dedication Selection......................................................... Operations Technical Specifications
the breast If reason the telephone and the to that interference off and instructions. Product Instructions immediately. wireless telephone freedom and using instructions should to the of fire, shock, to to while around. the and of the phone and to property. Instructions Follow and instructions including those the the telephone of this the the warranty and the or to this expressively FCC authorization to the only using wireless and the Instructions of others: Dont from where and outlet cleaning. or cleaners. the from the telephone and cloth cleaning. this or The and or to the or other property. the and the that the through. the telephone or other clear from the base, where If the to with or Emergency location. the and phone operation. You should telephone that the of charger allow to outgoing or incoming Both the charger and the electricity electricity or recharge the battery, and the temporary supply. This should or or These or covered. these and should or the housing the carpeting, or other heat or built-in provided. Notice to Hearing Users: This with inductively coupled hearing Notice to Users: to wearers. interference to the implanted when operating closely, wireless telephones the US FDA and others shown that, although Whether fire, or or The location of the including The of the known, FDA that people with carrying wireless telephone to that there to when using or
short-circuit, and the rechargeable and other of rechargeable or non-rechargeable batteries. The Lithium-Ion causing Battery Instructions the type of supply to home, or This should operated from the type of indicated the If of or that housing as they the of this through fire, shock, or injury. and the and charger Follow the charging instruction this and instruction of the with instructions. the to the with such as overheat and or fire. and The or Battery or of properly. the fire. The outlets and cords as this fire or shock. other Incorrect reassembling of the to or Service locations or covers this to authorized service To shock or burn, this when service or required. Customer shock when the used. the heats This and or the battery. Released and to or The toxic to or the to while the of the interference to the or interference from the the or the charger TV or other These using the There of shock from the where or the or the the supply or or If the normally following the If the shows performance. If the or housing If the to or If the operating instructions. the or the from the and servicing to authorized service the following
To or such interference, with the Class to This tested and found to comply the should or operated Operations of these interference to reasonable protection other If interference the of the FCC and RSS210 of the DOC These and the farther from them from/to TVs, VCRs, computers, or other interference reduce or the interference. the telephone to This telephone service to This with of the FCC this interference received, including of when this this interference, and interference that operation. to the following Information FCC ID: NI3-SP922 IC: 3616A-SP922 4X turning the off and the user interference to other which installation. If this telephone to to the interference or there that interference of the following that Industry of technical specifications The IC: the interference. least the the or technician Increase the the or the to from that the and the that and other interference. This with of the FCC that other information, the (REN) and the Service which RJ- and IC/DOC CS-03. On the of the FCC 11C the U.S. or CA-11A this information. should To of the to telephone and telephone the REN when telephone called. The REN to the of of to should the of the of to from the the corrected. with telephone the telephone to If to the rights this telephone its functioning of telephone with operations, or procedures that the rights this
please the following please the following and Warranty Card Performance Performance Profile and Warranty Card Battery Battery Charger AC/DC Charger AC/DC AC/DC Telephone Cord Station Charger Charger You purchased business 4X the telephone and The 4X Telephone the users business The from leading Congratulations warranty purchased from Authorized and other business group(s) with their co-workers while leaving that within of each other the while of of the station. 4X the DuraFon 4X factories, warehouses, users and of business from office buildings, The allows to phone and outgoing business dealerships, with each other as of U.S. customers: This NO To authorized, please With sophisticated and high www.engeniustech.com or Warranty to and flexibility. (including and Protection (including Performance (including Profile Optional Accessories Battery
when of the The and of the LCD, characters 1-Long-2-Short (every each, selections, or of to the amount of Indicates the of the the or entry, The LCD LED (Light Distinctive sounds indicating The displays the and right and ID Indicates charging when charger The of LCD consists of icons. characters. the of Indicates active from to right RSSI to the Indicates LCD to on/off received. Battery ID Indicator) warning active LCD charger Battery
and phonebook incoming information the phone Matches the ID with the once when Waiting with incoming phone and the Missed phone selections (high/ Called to each) recently. Can Block the users from the or instead of ID info character and ID character and ID LCD ID service from Waiting with ID service from matched, the LCD the or ID service from telephone service from telephone service from telephone DND Not vibrate-then-ring/ off) type selections with ID numbers. Waiting with ID international while Three Barring ID or ID. and who ID IDs. from the to group(s) and when to another ID or to phone to tone of every seconds): and conducted ID and the first assigned the the or to the broadcasting to such as and other phone when or telephone or operation, through records and selections. without the from the base. Press seconds to off the Additional /Down( Scrolling on-hold selection. to 2-WAY/INTERCOM Left/Right Soft END; On/Off BROADCAST TALK/FLASH ID
to the from the prompted to from of text to characters. to Incoming distinctive tone incoming Once from the incoming phone to another or The LCD Announced to the to another or of incoming to another this please PBX routed to the Direct telephone to another seconds and then memory. of appear the LCD. telephone incoming and conferencing. and conferencing. without outgoing edited and Conferencing Selection the when from each or ID Editing from users the to that while the to the user ID and to including the stand-by the phonebook to front of to of each to Battery while If to to the Three-level selections (high/low/off) and to this The Alphabetically and search END, Soft to and to14-character) or type selections and immediately the from Text allowed Tone
base(s) to with assigns counterclockwise. the RJ-11C/CA-11A to the telephone the or turn clockwise; to The thread to to the as high as clear (including and In-Use: active telephone to factory DC to the Station (REG) path. ID L1 L4 LED DC DC IN L1 L2 L3 L4 AUDIO LED REG
to the to match PBX the of function. and Both the active the of From or to seconds ID) or to of (with From or Allows to (with assigned to both incoming authority to when of the the 4X PBX to with incoming that or from their required. the this function MENU-9-2-3 to Tone or The areas. and outgoing that AA ID AA MENU-9-2-4 to Optional with Additional Station Supports both DTMF and incoming to PBX would ID).
The charging as charger charging with the Warning Charge when charging the LCD would Charge It to overcharge the this Charged: and the LCD Charger than OFF the shown the Charge Should there occurred Charge when and the LED light as off the while to the LCD charging LED as the charging Charging: LCD showed Charging Charged: LED to light screen would Charged Charging: LED light to Charger AC Charging Charging Charger LCD DC DC Charger Charging Battery Battery Charging Charging However, the battery, would around IV. Both and the II. when the III. charge first I. charging Notes: to
of or and the other the MOH back of the base. To the Music/Message-On-Hold with the built-in There three Station Started station Waiting and the ID with Waiting (or group rather than the free group, the II ID) features this the the phone and with this This to Recommended from the Notes: The DC than the to or counter-clockwise; DC The charger DC Either of or to clockwise. the of the of the used. You to AC the other to the phone the of the AC/DC should the Stations function that telephone follow L1 L4 and the other the telephone performance, least of the and the Station. Since 4X the built-in (about the and other The stations (DC and The stations reverse-thread TV, instructions that with the the DC the back of the station. telephone the bases DC with protection. the the of the Charger AC/DC such as and and should the to AC the other the or The ready to basic mounting L included, Charging mounted, L the charger front DC the back of the and Charger the purchased from operations. built-in Waiting the and allow the to
IDLE this the The broadcast, which procedures of Press the Right function to MENU active once this If there on-going activity, the The functions through the MENU selection TALK the operates this The edited. and Broadcast LED light respectively. Both the and of MENU the and information the REG three seconds. There The turned off completely holding SLEEP/IDLE to REGISTRATION the this and operation. The The the ID. memory covered from and active IDLE The MENU as below: light IDLE this the the END seconds. B. A. Operations to the with the to the factory. If as the and other The with Station the first
established, the ID appear the right corner. If ID that If the the LCD shows approaching the boundary of the coverage. and to Notes: 3.Missed 2.PhoneBook the of the If established, the LCD The offers from to Press ID or of the station. Press END to the to ID. established. 9.PBX Select Select 7.Backlight 4.Clear 4.Sound the Station Notes: Press TALK and then this the CLEAR and Alternatively, phone first then Telephone TALK Not Applicable 7.Text 8.Unused Hear while the initiating to the to broadcasted once hear the sound; the speakerphone of Release BROADCAST to the broadcasting Press BROADCAST from within coverage Broadcasting Broadcast group) that establish with the If ID the first to that If established, the LCD shows Subscription. DELETE (Right) to the the Clear the Press or to the the the Press TALK to the To abort END the
If the the END, temporarily switched to to arrives, the or If the the charger the and the the off. and the to Telephone the ID and then BROADCAST Hear while the initiating to the to broadcasted once Hear while the initiating to the to broadcasted once hear the sound; the speakerphone of hear the sound; the speakerphone of the ID and then BROADCAST Release BROADCAST to the broadcasting Release BROADCAST to the broadcasting within coverage within coverage Broadcasting Broadcasting of the turning off the (from the You SILENT choose to Notes: If the the END the turned off. Press TALK to temporarily switched to to the or If the the the and the and the SILENT to the Unknown, the information the SILENT operation the information. If the LCD shows or If ID service the LCD the the or the phone You to continuously BROADCAST when You the SILENT choose broadcast. The once You to that there sound when broadcast. release the Notes: The LCD displays the ID. Notes: to the The SILENT operation turning off the to from the The LCD shows the To this Press REDIAL the You You the SILENT choose to the turning off the the SILENT operation the or Arrow to through the phone DIAL ID) the Select and DIAL
the MENU Sounds then active, the other hear To the UNMUTE hear the other party. effective the There of selections. as To or END or The effective only and to charging On To (Right) locked. the To the UNLOCK then, then to option. The or off. within seconds, the to arrives, SILENT To Missed on/off Press SAVE to choice. This temporary the when off the from the HOLD The from seconds the that LCD displays tone To to the UNHOLD the HOLD (Right) the that Notes: You to the ID service from Charge the when or of the following VIEW to the information. every seconds. Battery and to this to stand-by Clear function the OPTION when within the coverage You the You off the battery) while UNHOLD or from the Option the If the on-hold of the base. Once of the coverage, the to terminate the item established, OPTION and to the microphone.
the station. to If the ID reads that or the ID You to the with Press and the bases (REG) and The assigned ID displayed the to the ID. to process. the Press and the bases REG seconds from to (ID or or Press the this the If purchased as of The first ID and another to or phone Press this the security and free the ID the ID to the the LCD, indicating Press the this the seconds the L1, L2, L3, and L4 LED The assign ID You from base. which them with the the factory. Press MENU-6 to the Press MENU (Right) L1, L2, L3, and L4 LED the ID. Advanced Operations other and the operating Returning the recommended performance. You the the back to the charging as often as Battery and the when pressed. LCD and backlighting become shortfall and Battery empty.
immediately the the ID to with the ID to that the ID choose another ID or the that the another base. option selected. The and The timeout from the REG button. The timeout from the or ID Notes: Then to to and Press ADD and selections DELETE (Right) Press to the Group, the Group, and Press incoming and related the Group. that to the Customer Service which group(s) they to to and to membership group. and Selections: to the to or the the This frees the ID to other Notes: Press and the ID to Press and the ID to If the ID already another the otherwise received, try otherwise received, function as as with the station. The operation, the LCD operation, the LCD Press Press If ID advanced that the within the Press MENU (Right) Press MENU (Right) assigned ID, the the Advanced functions what the ID assignment should Press the this the Press the this the to (ID and only. ID coverage of the station. assigned the base. ID: Advanced cleared. or timeout. assignments. Consequently, The affiliations The from group. Notes:
If phone the the the CONF If the END the The and the first Press and to One and Conferencing with to the phone phone another phone II. I. XFER Press or the END to The to the Press END the the While telephone Press and ID to Press OPTION to selection. to the Press HOLD to to the Un-announced Announced another and the supported. Notes: the To off forwarding, the procedures and prompted, ID or selection and SAVE warning appear the to Press forwarding arrow to and the selection Press the this the phone to routed to another or another Press MENU (Right) Another phone to the LCD. phone The to physical only other phone conferencing, leaving the and another phone or another Press HOLD (Right) to the While telephone Press and ID to of the the the CONF Press OPTION (Right) to selection and phone Conferencing with another Conferencing Notes: If the timeout, the routed back to the
If the off, or and ID back to the wired PBX. This allowed to to the Please another or If the AA announce (OGM4): instructions and to the From to If there AA announce (OGM3): of the AA the DURAFON 4X to wired or with the wired PBX operation Please to the back to the of the wired PBX Sorry, right Please the another announcing PBX addressed/routed to the AA (OGM5): The or and the then the from the this both the and the appear the LCD to inform station, the with the to the that Notes: The prompted the to the The user The with that ID) with the AA another ID the first (OGM2): The please I. OGM): Please ID) or the or the ID that as the another or the telephone incoming II. (AA) forwards to forwarding to another forwarding That both. forwarding There the to another or the previous of the forwarded. routed to Notes: The routed to ID or the AA, which DURAFON 4X routing hops. That both the and the the terminated. routed to the and terminated the of the wired PBX There The timeout seconds Routing OGM2, and routed or the wired PBX
while of the to routed to when AA The that when prompted the AA, or and switch back to to that of FLASH Press END while to terminate that of announcing to that the and LCD displays New and the the the sounds the to Press FLASH to switch to the of to the and Waiting This built-in from the Waiting Notes: This Waiting functions the and to the from the The while the Waiting the the routed to the It recommended to from the the following AA AA Waiting
pressing Flash-7-0-1-8-3-0, where The following the instruction to immediately. Confirm the SAVE the back to the PBX then the the from the user of the wired and PBX to this function correctly. AA the station, the The recording the with the to AA Notes: to and The of the AA AA the to than the of the ID Allowing each AA to turned or off The or group; it ID or ID. seconds. To to With the (ID or Dedication: to This off On and OFF It first ON/OFF. If to to
the to the to the character. If to characters from the the field. or to the character field the or to or Notes: to choose from.) Press to the flash from to Press to choose On or to choose Press to the to On or the the the to the credit to the or manually. the to or or (LCD displays P). (PP) the following which when of or to the to or and seconds the to the to or phone the You to the Each or ID to when LCD To follow or or when and to14 characters). Operations Press ADD To entry: the This frees the ID to other Notes: The alphabetically and as If the phonebook the arrow, the first If the the arrow, the first The first of LCD shows and the shows the phone If the phone If the from the the first (A to Z) from the top of the displayed the of the displayed the top of the displayed the top of the than OPTION and Option to Press that to the first character of the or to the and then or to the or or the alphabetical search the once. the To search record: To Press SAVE to phone without DELETE to the character You then prompted to the records without top of the or to the of the To the the Press SAVE when completed. the they character the DELETE to the completed, SAVE to selection.
3.Missed Operations 2.PhoneBook Press TALK or to the or to the to or edited. to the to or edited. or or the alphabetical search LCD shown Press YES to Press to the entry. Press OPTION to Press OPTION to editing Press to the entry. ID displayed. To from Tone 9.PBX Select Select 4.Clear 4.Sound Press to search, and the Press MENU (Right) while the phone from the to or Press to the called, received, or Press to the phone Records or the Press to Guard). through the Not 7.Text 8.Unused Characters and Character Notes: C when character when when character when Press and to the record. Press to and or without Press OPTION (Right) the
o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o C o o o o C o o o o o o o o o C o o C o o options: and Press SAVE to whether to the The If On selected, the prompted to (Right) and to or this turned the LCD the each outgoing to and to or off the or or the TALK firstA Press to to selection. through Press SAVE to selection. Press to Press to the phone from the or Press to and or without Press to the and of the Press and to record. Press OPTION (Right) the to through the Press to the received, from the to or Press to the the phone than through the Press to and or without Press to the and of the The the right of the LCD Press and to record. shows the location with Press OPTION (Right) the the While of the three DIAL to the phone phone the three Notes: (to the of the or (the character to the or to or the or of the characters using the Character and the Phonebook section. the right of the to through to or finished, SAVE to that to ID service from Press to through or to and High. Press SAVE to selection. High. incoming ID service to numbers, and through High-then-Vibrate, Press to or to Press to sound-related incoming The and Missed recorded. Press SAVE to Press to the LCD backlight: Press to when pressed: and Press SAVE to selection. or to
Press to Follow the instructions or to the or seconds and then the Press to (AA) Press SAVE to the to to character or the character. The the LCD You the Text ID as the Press and to finished, SAVE to the as Press OPTION to or the arrives, the The LCD displays Empty there Press DELETE and to the or to ID or ID While the The LCD displays the Press to outbox text There acknowledgement the Press to Inbox the section. To or the right of the LCD The text of text inbound text the text Item and Selection. to through On or or that the other Press SAVE to Press to the selection: to backlight The option to through On, and or Seconds. seconds, that the off the backlight seconds of inactivity. to through English, Spanish, or and English, meaning that LCD Press SAVE to Press to shows English. and the of the PBX Press ADD to PBX to Press SAVE to Press to the PBX option: Short to characters each, to outgoing edited, and with the entry. The characters the Character Table and from to another or of reference. They the the they received. The counter the right Press MENU (Right) while the Press to or Press ADD to text received, with the recently Press following to counter the right of the LCD They the the they to received Press SAVE to and outgoing text of the LCD shows the ID. Press to the shows the ID. III. II. I.
Station Specifications Specifications RF Spacing Access TDMA TDMA BER BER Rate (Short) (optional) Connector TNC TDMA MSK MSK of of of Users/Carrier CRC Coding CRC (TDD) (TDD) Rate G.729A Coding G.729A TIA/EIA-470B Quality TIA/EIA-470B Rate NA TX of ID NA Telephone Interface RJ11 NA 3.6V, Source 120V/7V AC/DC FCC FCC hours (from empty) Charge NA without G.729 Coding G.729 C C C C Humidity Charger NA NA The the right to and without NA Not Applicable. Notes: ounces ounces
WIRELESS SOLUTION PROVIDER ENGENIUS TECHNOLOGIES U.S.A. SCENIC AVE., COSTA MESA, CA U.S.A. TEL: FAX: E-MAIL: WEBSITE: ENGENIUS TECHNOLOGIES CANADA UNIT CITIZEN COURT, MARKHAM, ON L6G 1A8, CANADA TEL: FAX: E-MAIL: WEBSITE: P/N:670902913000