Instructions Instructions...................................... Product Instructions Battery Instructions Information Congratulations.......................................................... Features......................................... Additional Features.................................. Station Features.................................. Additional Station Features........................... Features........................................... Charger Charger Features....................................................... Started........................................................... Station and Charger Operations Telephone Telephone On Not Guard.............................................................. Table of Wireless United States: Customer Service WIRELESS SOLUTIONS PROVIDER EP-490
to while around. the and of the should to the of fire, shock, wireless telephone freedom and phone instructions to and to property. Instructions Battery and Advanced Operations Advanced Conferencing (AA)............................................... AA Operations Operations.................................................... Text Selection......................................................... Technical Specifications wireless and Notice to Users: where and or If the phone The location of the emergency, including through. the telephone or base, highly that the clear from the where Whether fire, or Emergency Dont from Notice to Hearing Users: This phone the US FDA and others shown that, with with inductively coupled hearing other to or location. the and The of the Instructions the of others: emergency:
housing as they the covers to the where or should This should the There or other Incorrect reassembling of this through indicated the If To shock or burn, this and cords or the housing These or the to while the or temporary touch or that This should operated only from the type of Customer Service locations or or or heat or built-in the or the charger TV or covered. the carpeting, or this to authorized service other these and when service or required. of the type of supply to other These of the shock when the or the provided. or fire, shock, or as this fire or shock. of shock from used. the vicinity of the supply. the breast the of charger known, FDA that people to the or other property. the The and or expressively the the there the telephone and the the telephone this or recharge the battery, and the wireless telephones to telephone that electricity with to when If reason to that interference allow to outgoing or incoming Both the charger and the or carrying wireless telephone to that the from the telephone and when operating closely, Follow and instructions including those electricity operation. You should warranty and the FCC authorization to the outlet cleaning. or off immediately. cleaners. cloth cleaning. although interference to the implanted and the or to this and instructions. wearers. of this Product Instructions the
and to or the heats This The toxic or the battery. Released and the fire. The If the or housing rechargeable batteries. The short-circuit, of the If the normally following the or the charger from the rechargeable and or overheat and the supply or or short-circuit the with such and the causing as and The Battery or of properly. outlet and servicing to authorized the to If the to or instruction and the and Follow the charging instruction this and interference to the or service the following If the other of rechargeable or If the shows with instructions. to or interference from the the operating instructions. Battery Instructions charger performance. or fire. frayed.
to of the FCC and RSS210 of the with phone and the farther from them installation. If this telephone interference or of the following However, there that interference To or such interference, the telephone This telephone service Increase the the installation. Operations of these which turning the off and reasonable protection interference VCRs, computers, or other or and the that If interference the the and other corrected. with This telephone tested and found to interference from/to TVs, the functioning of telephone should or operated other the telephone to interference to other operations, or procedures that the to outlet the or telephone its DOC These to interference. least with the Class from that the rights this the to to the often reduce or the interference. to interference. rights this of when this interference, and this interference received, This with of the FCC including interference that to the following Information FCC ID: NNA-EP-490 IC: 3059A-EP436 operation. this EP-490 the and IC/DOC CS-03. On the of To of the of that Industry of technical specifications to and telephone the REN The IC: the telephone this The REN to the of when telephone called. to from the the (REN) and the Universal Service which RJ-11C the U.S. or CA-11A This telephone with of the FCC connected to should the that other If telephone to the the of the of information, the FCC to should information.
please the following (including and please the following Warranty Card Warranty Card Charger AC/DC Charger AC/DC Short Carrying Short Carrying Lightning Protection AC/DC Telephone Cord Station Battery Battery Optional Accessories: Charger Charger The EP-490 Wireless Telephone the business The EP-490 the telephone and from leading You purchased business Congratulations warehouses, incoming and outgoing that within of business of each other the while of With sophisticated and high with each other as of group(s) with business the EP-490 of the station. EP-490 to telephone and from office buildings, factories, their co-workers while leaving phone The allows to dealerships, and other business and flexibility.
and ID. The LCD LED (Light Indicates the of the the of when of The of LCD consists of below). characters each, The displays the and right The and of the LCD, RSSI or Indicates phone active. to the received. Indicates active. LCD (from to right): Battery the the ID characters. Microphone of to the amount of
ID IDs. from the to group(s) and when ID IDs. ID and or such as and other who when the first assigned the and operation, through records and to and IDs Over-the-air Additional Scrolling On/Off END Security ID. or entry, tone the or to the leaving the bases capacity intact. 1-Long-2-Short of every to phone to to another ID or Indicates charging when charger Distinctive sounds indicating conducted without the from the base, or telephone or and built-in phone seconds): on-hold on/off ID to incoming warning 2-WAY/INTERCOM operations. TALK/FLASH Battery Notifies the of from another Allows to selected the One of the security phone Waiting hands-free operation Left/Right Soft selection.
selections, when of the would this The areas. phone and the LCD ID service from with ID telephone ID Missed 14-character and each) recently. Can PWR, END, Soft Called phone to 14-character and phone and ID service from ID service from telephone numbers. phonebook while Three to another incoming phone to another Direct telephone to another incoming information the Once from the Waiting with ID service from telephone phone when routed to the Announced to the warning appear the LCD. without or front of the when from to to including and while From or MENU-9-2-4 to DND Not and and Conferencing
from the outgoing prompted to from of Selection seconds and then memory. each phone or The LCD Editing from Three-level selections (high/low/off) ID to and to14-character) to edited and and Incoming distinctive tone of incoming screen-full to characters) of text to another or of Alphabetically and search. LCD selections (high/low/vibrate/vibrate-then-ring/off) selections selections type selections type selections immediately the from Text
using the the as high as to the as high as The thread to selecting location the station, counterclockwise. the to that with or clockwise; to clear path. Station LED active telephone LED MOH Supports telephone RJ-11C/CA-11A LED DC to Station AC (REG) with assigns ID
functions from their that or ID ID) or to of both and outgoing to with incoming ID incoming and From or ID this the MENU-9-2-3 to Tone or and Both assigned to to seconds of AA Allows to (with AA outgoing that as If AA turned off, from options that AA the authority to AA on/off each of the Optional with and to Supports both DTMF and (AA) (with ID). (AA) to factory Station security On/Off, of AA (including and base(s) the bases security and the to the wired PBX, to cleared, to wired PBX EP-490 ID assigned to phone when AA to to Clear On/Off EP-490 ID cleared ID ID, ID PBX off. Notes Custom cleared active the of Additional Station
Charger wired PBX To this this IDs to properly. Please to ID: to the routed to this the routed back to AA turned from the following the to EP-490 the PBX ID from the station. those to (with or D/A ID to assigned. Playbacks Records ID. options:
The stations reverse-thread clockwise; to turn clockwise. to or counter- the Station Started to Charger AC Charging Charger DC It recommended to UPS (Uninterruptible Supply) to of telephone services The DC than telephone should AC the DC The charger DC the other the DC the back of the the of the AC/DC The stations supply (DC and the bases DC with protection. station. Charge when Both and the LED empty, or LED empty, or charger It to overcharge the this LED red: LED red: charged. charge first LED LED charge from empty. Battery Charging Charging to the to the charge charger. Notes: Charge when charge from empty. Battery Charging the telephone EP-490 the built- (about the and other L1 L4 and the other performance, least of to the of the phone of the TV,
the charger front Battery or such as and phone and with Station when the LED to the with charge the first the factory. If the to as the base(s) and other The ready to the basic operations. Charger Features). the group, the Waiting and the Recommended from the ID with Waiting (or II ID) and the Station. Either of the of the Charger AC/DC the phone group built-in Waiting the and allow of or AC the other player, and the other the MOH To the Music/Message-On-Hold used. You to the rather than the the Connecting telephone the DC the back of the Follow instructions that with the and with this This with the built-in phone to phone this the or Stations function that the to and Charger back of the base.
If ID the first to that group) that establish with If established, the LCD shows the the To abort END Station Notes: Clear the the the Clear and (Right) to the the the of If including and to and If Selection option the prompted Operations), the LCD shows to to TALK this to If established, the LCD Press TALK, and then The Station search the established and Alternatively, first then to from of To abort END when the answered). Telephone Operations Notes: and DIAL or Arrow to through the The LCD shows the To Notes: ID) this DIAL Press REDIAL the If the the If the the incoming arrives, the or temporarily switched to to the and PWR, END, and the to the turned off. Telephone Notes: Press ID or ID.
The effective Notes: To the of There of selections. and Arrow to or the only the to with the ear. to the turning off the (from or Unknown, the information You SILENT choose If ID service the LCD the or the the the SILENT the incoming information. If the LCD shows The LCD displays the of the only the the UNHOLD You off the battery) If the operation To to the Unhold The only while or from the Option to terminate the LCD displays the that tone every seconds on-hold the the that the (Right) On Notes: If the the If the the charger (from the the SILENT arrives, the or You the SILENT choose to the turning off the temporarily switched to to the and PWR, END, and the SILENT to The LCD displays the ID. the the turned off. Notes: To telephone or END or charger
Charge the when or of the following the back to as often as Battery and You the the the and the operating when pressed. and recommended performance. seconds. LCD and backlighting become shortfall experienced. Battery empty. established, To the active, the other hear effective the It turned off the to the microphone. to the MENU Sounds temporary the when incoming then This off the To the Unlock locked. or off. then, within seconds, the to (Right) then option. The To arrives, Battery and from the the on/off Not
the to or Press and the bases REG seconds from the REG The Press the this the selected. The and the to Press the this timeout from the or option the process. security and the ID or The timeout the ID L1, L2, L3, and L4 LED Press (Right) timeout. other Notes: from to (ID You to the with the ID and The assigned ID Press and the bases (REG) the ID to the seconds the L1, L2, L3, and L4 LED or or The first ID If displays ID that another the process. The assign and which them ID. to If purchased as of Press the this the with the the You from base. or the ID to the LCD, indicating Press this the Press (Right) the following Advanced Operations factory. ID. Press (Right) that the within function as as with the Advanced functions station. The to ID (ID and only. the coverage of the station. Advanced
Press ID to that the ID selections DELETE (Right) The Group, the Group, and The first to establish the Customer Service with the one-to-one assignments. Consequently, which group(s) they to Press ADD and related to to or his/her ID. Then to ID, to this immediately the The affiliations the Group. that to and Press the this the to and to membership group. Press (Right) and to and another from group. Selections: Notes: Press and the ID phone This frees the ID otherwise Press operation, the LCD the Press the this the to the to or the to other received, to cleared. Notes: Press and the ID assigned ID, the the the ID to otherwise Press (Right) the what the ID assignment Press the that the choose another ID or operation, the LCD Press the this the If the ID already another If ID to assigned the base. with the base. ID: received, should
the the CONF Press and ID to of the Press OPTION (Right) to selection conferencing, leaving the physical leaving only the the CONF Press and to If the END the phone The and the first Press HOLD (Right) to the to the phone One and phone Conferencing with and the Conferencing with If the another other another supported. Notes: AA turned off, that to this outgoing to one-to-many Press OPTION (Right) to selection While telephone the to Press XFER (Right) or the END to Press and ID to Notes: If the The to the Press END the timeout, the routed back to the Press HOLD (Right) to to the Un-announced another the Announced and the While and another phone or another Conferencing
forwards to routed to forwarding That forwarding to another of the Press forwarding appear To off forwarding, the both. forwarding arrow to and the selection Press the this the There the selection and SAVE appear the LCD to this both the and the station, the with to another or phone phone to routed to another or the to prompted, ID or inform the that the previous phone to Another Press (Right) the to another phone the LCD. and Notes: ID) or The prompted the to telephone incoming ID that as the The user The the (AA) If the (OGM2): The AA the another (OGM3): Please to please try another or the off, or of the AA another ID the first with that ID) with the If there AA announce the and the OGM): Please the or the
and LCD displays New that of announcing to that This built-in from the Waiting phone while the Waiting the the sounds when prompted Waiting the the the routed Press END while to terminate that and switch back to The that and and the from the The the AA, or the to routed to of the of incoming phone This while of FLASH the to It recommended to from the phone Press FLASH to switch to the to to the Waiting to the and phone when AA to the Waiting Notes: the wired PBX. This only and (OGM4): Sorry, right routing hops. That both the the EP-490 connected to wired The timeout seconds wired PBX From the AA, which AA back to the of the The routed to ID or and the the announcing (OGM5): The PBX addressed/routed to the to the from terminated. routed to the and or Please another of the wired PBX There terminated the ID or with the wired PBX to the back to operation instructions and Please then the If the try AA announce Routing OGM2, and EP-490 or the wired PBX to allowed to routed or the Notes:
The of people. Press and from the following to options to AA: attached to the Turning off the AA when: or ID) to the following AA AA Record/playback to this function correctly. from the of the wired PBX the back to the wired know the and PBX: to PBX as ID as to the when AA or Press this Press to AA This whether to or when the chooses AA AA turned off, and the ID ID Press AA From or arrow to choose to through to to or group. Then Press to of the AA and On or to Press and follow instruction to the which would each Press to playback the (Right) when prompted. and AA to the ID or the ID outgoing Which this ID AA ID or ID that incoming and of AA Turn on/off the AA line-by-line. The following the instruction to Confirm the SAVE using Allowing each AA to turned or off where The recording the the then the Flash-7-0-1-8-3-0, AA the to immediately. AA the station, the back to the PBX ID or ID. with the to AA the seconds. Notes:
phone This frees the ID the to the to or the to other than the of the The or group; to The of the AA ID and to the of the character the or and their once the completed, SAVE To the Option You to the Each top of the the they below of characters phone or ID to DELETE (Right) to without records with DELETE (Right) to the You then prompted to the Press the SAVE to character completed, or the Arrow while the To the of the when LCD and characters). the character A, B, SAVE to phone Press ADD to Operations To entry: prompted. This the ID that the Press clear ID and the to to choose from.) or Press to choose to the with the base. that the Press this Press to the from the Press and ID when Press and ID when From or Press to the tone to prompted to clear this ID assignment. to AA there ID to assigned: or to choose ID to assigned the base. (Right) Clear ID: Notes:
when character when editing and to the to (to the to the or to characters from the the (LCD displays P). the to and Pressing to the character. If to or of the the right of the or of the the right of the the of the or (the character the the to or the Arrow to phone the once switch to the (to the of the or (the the the or manually. of (PP) seconds to the field. and to the character the following which when the Characters and the the Character Table: character). Notes: Press OPTION (Right) to The first of LCD shows and the shows the If the phone than OPTION (Right) and The alphabetically and as Press that to the first character of then If the phonebook from the the first If the phonebook using the arrow, the to the to or edited. the Arrow to the If the using the arrow, (A to Z) from the top of the The LCD displays the first with that Arrow or the search the once. the first displayed the top of the first displayed the of the Press and to record. Smith, then displayed the top of the Option to the the To To search record: when character editing when C
Press and to record. Arrow to through from the Press OPTION (Right) options. Press to the phone the Press to the called, received, or Press to the Press to and Press Records or the from the from TALK or to the Press OPTION (Right) Press MENU (Right) while the Press to search, and the Press to Guard). SAVE when finish. phone or ID displayed. Arrow to through the phonebook Operations to phone numbers, and Missed incoming LCD shows the location While of the three DIAL The the right of the the three Press to and or without incoming The and ID service from to the phone the with the recorded. ID service Notes: Press to the and of the High-then-Vibrate, and High. Press SAVE Arrow through and Press High, and Press SAVE SAVE to selection. Press to the pressed: the Arrow through Arrow through Press to the Press to when to selection. to selection. High. Press to sound-related Press and to the record. Press and to record. Press to the the received, from the Press OPTION (Right) than Press to the phone Arrow to through the Press to and or without the Press to the and of the Press to and or without the
Arrow to through On, that to entry. The counter the right of Arrow to through to characters using the Character Table and Short text to characters each, that the backlight The They the the they right of the LCD shows the ID. recently received. The counter the to outgoing edited, and option off the backlight reference. They the the from to another or of the section. finished, SAVE to with the they received, with the Press SAVE to Press SAVE to to and Seconds. seconds, Press to or Press to LCD Press to the LCD backlight: the LCD shows the ID. seconds of inactivity. change. Text Press to off, and (Right) and Arrow or (the character the Press to the Arrow The displayed. Press through options: and Press SAVE the phone or ID. or off the or (Right) to the to Press and to clear the three or of the the right of the TALK first whether to the Arrow to and to or to (to the of the If On selected, the prompted to or the Press to the LCD to This useful the user each outgoing this turned the LCD Press to Select: to selection. Press and to the or other Press to clear and Arrow to the (Called, Received, and Missed). and credit to Press to the of the Press to character). to
to and to Press DELETE (Right) and to the Press SAVE to the to This when selecting If to On, when TALK or phone TALK the Select from of the received Arrow to Press MENU while the phone to The LCD displays the arrow to switch On and LCD Select conferencing. the Select Selection seconds and then the character the or of the of the or (the right the The text the LCD characters using the Character and instructions Press (Right) while the Press (Right) while the Press OPTION (Right) to or the the or to characters to the the the section. finished, SAVE to ID or ID While the the right of the character. and outgoing text Press ADD to text Press and to There acknowledgement Arrow to the Press to Follow the Press to Press to Inbox The of text text change.
Station Technical Specifications Specifications RF Spacing of TDMA TDMA Access BER BER Rate TNC Connector NA TX (Short) (optional) TDMA MSK MSK Modulation of of Users/Carrier CRC CRC Coding (TDD) (TDD) Rate G.729A G.729A TIA/EIA-470B TIA/EIA-470B Quality Rate G.729 G.729 Coding of ID NA Telephone Interface RJ11 NA CAN/DOC RSS210, CS03 Hearing Compatible FCC (from empty) Charge NA V, 120V/7V AC/DC Source without C C C C Charger NA NA CAN/DOC RSS210, CS03 FCC The the right to and without NA Not Applicable. Notes: ounces ounces