Instructions........................................................................................4 Product Instructions Battery Instructions Information Features.........................................................................11 Additional Features..................................................................12 Features...........................................................................15 Station Features..................................................................17 Charger Charger Station and Charger Operations A. B. Telephone A. to B. Intercom/2-Way from to C. Intercom/2-Way from to Broadcast A. to B. Broadcasting from to C. Broadcasting from to Telephone On Not Guard..............................................................................................29 To Missed Battery and Table of
wireless and the of Instructions others: wireless telephone freedom and to instructions should followed to the of fire, while around. when shock, to and to property. Instructions Advanced Operations.................................................................................31 of Additional Phonebook Operations Text PBX Operations........................................................................................42 Technical Specifications.............................................................................46 where clear from the base, that the If the through. the telephone or other to Dont from where and emergency: wearers. known, FDA that people with Notice to Users: the US FDA and others shown that, although interference to the implanted wireless telephone to that there the telephones to when operating closely, wireless If reason to that interference telephone and the the breast to when or carrying off immediately. and instructions. Product Instructions Notice to Hearing Users: This phone with inductively coupled hearing Emergency with phone or location. Follow and instructions including those the
TV or other These the or the charger microwave interference to the or interference from the the to while the of the the where or or the the from the telephone and outlet cleaning. or cleaners. cloth cleaning. or to this the the the warranty and the FCC authorization to the of this the or the charger from the and to authorized service the following rechargeable batteries. The short-circuit, and the If the normally following the operating If the or housing only rechargeable and other of rechargeable or the supply or or causing If the shows performance. If the to or If the Battery Instructions instructions. the of charger telephone that electricity recharge the battery, and the allow to outgoing or incoming Both the charger and the electricity operation. You should or temporary supply. and or to the or this or The other property. Follow the charging instruction this and instruction and the and charger These or covered. the carpeting, or other these and should This should or or the housing or heat or built-in or that fire, shock, or as they the of this through housing injury. of the with instructions. and The or overheat the to short-circuit the with such as and burn or fire. Battery or of properly. the fire. The to or or other Incorrect reassembling of the this to authorized service when service or To shock or burn, this required. Customer Service locations or covers to shock when the used. indicated the If of the type of This should operated from the type of supply to or outlets and cords as this fire or shock. or the battery. Released and to or The toxic the heats This and the There of shock from
the of inconsistency the English and French hereof, the Notes: This with of the FCC to this interference received, including this interference, and interference that operation. the following FCC ID: NI3-SN1302 IC: 3616A-SN1302 1X Information On the of the that other information, the which RJ-11C the U.S. or CA-11A telephone This telephone with of the FCC and IC/DOC CS- FCC (REN) and the Universal Service this information. The IC: the only that Industry of technical specifications the of the of connected to should The REN to the of to and when telephone called. To of the of to phone should telephone the REN to phone from the the corrected. with rights this If telephone to the telephone the telephone procedures that the functioning of with telephone its operations, or rights this from/to TVs, computers, or other To or These to reasonable protection interference installation. Operations of these interference such interference, the telephone should or operated This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC and RSS210 of the DOC other there that interference If this telephone interference to other which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following This telephone service the telephone to to the to outlet from that the least the and other interference. the or technician
please the following please the following (including and and Warranty Card Performance Lightning Protection (including Profile and Warranty Card Battery Battery Charger AC/DC Charger AC/DC AC/DC Telephone Cord Short Station Optional Accessory Leather Charger Charger Left/Right Broadcast END ON/OFF LCD TALK/ FLASH INTERCOM 2-WAY/ Microphone Battery charger
ID IDs. ID and and conducted without the to another ID or ID broadcasting to ID IDs. from the to phone to tone the who such as or to the the first assigned the and to to station; to to group(s) and when or and other when to the operation, [please to operation] through records and selections. broadcasting to stations Press seconds to off the ID. /Down( Scrolling from the base. Additional selection. Left/Right Soft 2-WAY/INTERCOM END; On/Off BROADCAST or entry, of seconds): The LCD LED (Light 1-Long-2-Short (every The and of the LCD, characters each, Indicates the of the the of to the amount of selections, or when of the Distinctive sounds indicating and ID The the and right or telephone or Indicates charging when charger RSSI to the Indicates active The of LCD consists of icons. Indicates active the of from to right LCD Index characters. to incoming Battery ID received. TALK/FLASH on/off
to front of the Incoming distinctive tone when from and to characters. to edited to memory. of incoming and immediately The LCD seconds and then each phone or ID to to including Editing from users the text the stand-by the phone Battery while Three-level selections (high/low/off) Alphabetically and search END, Soft another or of and to14-character) type selections or PBX from Text the and tone LCD the or instead of and the LCD incoming information the phone when Waiting with ID service from phone 14-character to the ID and to Match the ID with the once matched, the Called phone to each) selections (high/ vibrate-then- Block the from the or international and phonebook while recently. Can numbers. Missed 14-character If to to the to of each to allowed ID info Waiting with ID service from and ID service from and ID service from to that while the ID service from this The DND Not type selections telephone with ID with ID telephone company) telephone telephone Three off) ID
DC RJ11 with its DuraFon which to the PBX Allow user to the PBX Once the and to authority to from their From or MENU-9- the 1X the PBX those functions the OPTION when From MENU-9-1 to and Both the The areas. this to the to match PBX selections. and to the of function of the Supports both DTMF and or to to PBX Broadcast Microphone
DC Charger with assigns ID (including and base(s) to or turn clockwise; to turn counterclockwise. the the The thread to as high as clear path. RJ-11C/CA-11A to the telephone to Another RJ-11C to the optional the Broadcast: Broadcast In-Use: active to factory DC to the Station (REG) Telephone: LED Charging Battery Battery Charging Charging
or and the other performance, least of (about the and other TV, or the To the Music/Message-On-Hold of the of the station TEL the MOH back of the base. telephone There three AC/DC AC with or counter-clockwise; the other The charger DC The DC The stations supply (DC the bases DC the than the DC and telephone should the DC the back of the The stations telephone phone the LINE reverse-thread to the of the to clockwise. phone protection. Station Started station. Charged: and the LCD would Charge Should there occurred charging Charge when It to overcharge the using this Charge when and the LED light to the LCD charging LED as the charging the LCD would Charge Charging: LCD showed Charging Charged: LED to light LED light to Charger AC Charged Battery Charging Charging Charger DC Both and the charge first Notes: cant off the while charge the The charging as as Warning Charger than OFF the shown the LCD the battery, around when the to charging
REG three seconds. There active once Both the and of which IDLE this the The broadcast, and REGISTRATION the this the and operation. The and TALK the this this lighted only of functions The the ID The SLEEP/IDLE to The turned off completely Press the Right function to selection covered from If there on-going activity, the The through the MENU holding the END seconds. MENU the and information memory The MENU as below: Broadcast LED light respectively. active IDLE IDLE this the B. A. Operations MENU edited. and and or the of the Charger AC/DC AC the other the DC the The phone ready to basic such as operations. the charger front the and Charger back of the REDIAL MENU to the with the to as the base(s) and other the factory. If with Station charge the first 2.PhoneBook
corner. If ID shown that established, the ID appear the approaching the boundary of the coverage. To abort END Notes: 3.Missed 2.PhoneBook The offers from or to stations and of station. Press Press END to the A. to ID or ID. If established, the LCD If the the LCD shows the of the and to established. 5.Custom Select 0.PBX Barring 4.Clear Tone 7.Text 4.Sound Please the Station Notes: using this the CLEAR and DELETE Alternatively, phone first then TALK (Right) to the the Clear the the Press TALK, and then the the Press or to the Press TALK to the Telephone 4.Assign Next PBX The seconds, then terminate the The first to Press the to The INTERCOM LED establish with the base. B. Intercom/2-Way from to responds. from group) that establish with the If ID the first to that If established, the LCD shows Subscription. SLIENT ADD OPTION
The LCD shows the To this to the to broadcasted to the to broadcasted speakerphone of within within speakerphone of the Press the END and to IDLE Press the Broadcast and to Press Broadcast the to Hear while the initiating Hear while the initiating Hear while the initiating Press END to the broadcasting once hear the sound; the once hear the sound; the the ID and then The Broadcast LED light C. Broadcasting from to B. Broadcasting from to the stations. Broadcast to the Press REDIAL Broadcast to BROADCAST BROADCAST IDLE coverage. coverage to PA INTERCOM once the INTERCOM from the Press ID ID as ID as ID The once, then to the to broadcasted to the to broadcasted speakerphone of speakerphone of within within Press BROADCAST from Hear while the initiating Hear while the initiating the the Press END to the broadcasting Press END to the broadcasting the ID and then once hear the sound; the once hear the sound; the the ID and then C. Intercom/2-Way from to Broadcasting Broadcasting of the from as and ID as Broadcasting BROADCAST A. to Broadcast coverage coverage PA from SLIENT Please to PA PA to to PA or Arrow to through the DIAL Select and DIAL
To telephone or END or The effective There of as and to On If the the END, and the arrives, the or the switched to to the and ID) the If the the charger temporarily turned off. to Telephone OPTION HOLD You To to the UNHOLD the HOLD (Right) You SILENT choose to Notes: UNHOLD OPTION You off the battery) while every seconds the that If the on-hold LCD displays tone The the the that Notes: arrives, the or the If the the PWR, END, switched to to the and turned off. Press TALK to the If the the charger temporarily and the SILENT to Unknown, the information the turning off the (from the the SILENT the information. If the LCD shows or If ID service the LCD the the or the active, the other hear established, OPTION and To the UNMUTE to the microphone. to UNHOLD or from the Option the You only the with the coverage. Once of the coverage, to stand-by Clear function the OPTION item to terminate the The LCD displays the ID. Notes: You the SILENT choose to the turning off the the SILENT the
and the operating the back to charger as often as recommended performance. Battery and the and Sounds: temporary the when incoming choice. This off the then Press SAVE to from the the MENU Sounds effective the Not SAVE Whenever option. The locked. or off. To (Right) then to To the UNLOCK then, within seconds, the to arrives, SILENT the on/off To Missed Call(s) Press to UNLOCK VIEW MENU You the the Charge the when or of the following VIEW to the information. You to the ID service from when pressed. seconds. LCD and become shortfall experienced. to this Battery and empty. You Missed
the with BASE the option selected. The and to to the REG The timeout from the or timeout. ID from to the ID to the security and free If ID as that or the ID the to the to process. the Press and the bases REG seconds or phone other You from If purchased as of Press the this the You to the with the station. Press the this the ID and The assigned ID The first ID the LCD, indicating Press and the bases (REG) Press MENU-6 to the process. the to BASE the and which them seconds light with the the factory. Press this the Press (Right) the ID Advanced Operations ID Registration: the Customer Service Group, and related Then to to that to incoming to and the Group, and the Group. to group. Press Press ADD and selections DELETE Press to the (Right) and which group(s) they to Subscription and Selections: or Selection Registration: ADD DELETE 1X as the to The BASE as the base. HS or HS12, to the of Additional assignments. Consequently, The affiliations The from group. Notes: The timeout from Notes:
XFER Press or the END to The to the to the Notes: If the timeout, the routed back to the While telephone and Press END the the to the base, base, or base. Press then the ID Press and the (REG) the seconds light 1X to the PBX Press and then the that which to Normally, each PBX the to to the ID to to the the to assigned PBX Press OPTION to You that this the process. Press MENU-6 from HS to the Press HOLD to Un-announced Three of Announced and PBX the function selection. allows to to outgoing allows the to to incoming, The option to this and 2-Way/Intercom OR and and Scrolling to from and 2-Way/Intercom from station: Press to the function. whether to the incoming, Then the to switch YES NO Press to incoming The to Incoming There four of that whether to to outgoing to On and to SAVE Press to the function. and then to the SAVE the stations from which to and to On or outgoing The Press to selected the SAVE YES NO From UNHOLD OPTION HS PBX HS You Select On SAVE PBX
Please CANCEL Press and then ID to ID to Press ID to and to14 characters). or when and the ID to Each or assigned. You To phonebook, follow or You to the phone when LCD and confirmation. the Press ADD Operations To entry: the You to choose from.) You the Tone and You the from to Press and the ID to Press and the ID to DONE once the The Press to selection Press to Tone selection The The the the PhoneBook Flash(msec): ADD OPTION SAVE DELETE SAVE DELETE You then prompted to the Press SAVE when completed. records without Press SAVE to without top of the the they phone DELETE to the PBX: On PBX recommended to the of 1X to match Notes: If the to PBX or the Press and the This function useful the attached PBX brand, to to the PBX through the You the or to switch ON and OK to the ID to the Flash+*+70 as the Press to PBX and OFF. The OFF. You DONE confirmation. Select ON and SAVE the PBX PBX To the the or DELETE to the character to the of the character the completed, SAVE to selection. DELETE Notes: Since the to PBX SAVE Flash*70 Assign Next PBX to the of 1X to match the PBX and This function to assign ID to assigned then the
Option: Press TALK or to the or ID LCD shown Press YES to search to the to search to the to Press OPTION to editing Press to the entry. Press OPTION to Press to the entry. or or the alphabetical To from displayed. or edited. or edited. character field the character. If field. or to the or phone the to the to characters from the the the to the to or Notes: YES OPTI NO which when of of the or (the character the or of the or manually. or to the to (to the the following the the to credit to or or to the the (LCD displays P). (PP) the right of the character). seconds the and Characters and Character Notes: C The alphabetically and as If the from the the first The first of LCD shows and the shows the phone If the phone than If the phonebook the arrow, the first If the phonebook the arrow, the first the of the (A to Z) from the top of the the top of the the top of the Block the from the or international You the to the The PW or to switch On and when character when editing when character when Press that to the first character of the or to the and then the OPTION and Option to the or to the or or the To search record: once. To of this The Press SAVE to ADD OPTION
SAVE DELETE The LCD displays the Press DELETE and to the or to previous The LCD displays Empty arrives, the of text The the LCD seconds and feasible to PBX with their DuraFon 1X the PBX the Press SAVE to the to Press to Follow the instructions ID or ID While the You the Text ID as Press to outbox text the character. the the the right of the LCD There acknowledgement finished, SAVE to Press OPTION to or the Press and to then the Press to To or the there inbound text as The text PBX text text the SAVE SET PW to reference. They the recently received. The counter the the The counter the right to outgoing edited, and They the the they with the the they received, with Short text to characters each, from right of the LCD shows the ID. to to Once turn the please include that to Press ADD to Press (Right) while the NY as the Press following to or to character or to another or of characters the Character and Press OPTION to or the of the LCD shows the ID. to to If to PBX the section. or to the and editing outgoing to of the To the selection. the PSTN Text Barring On ADD OPTION Please to this ADD OPTION Option: Tex
with PBX to the diversity of Operations PBX Press following to PBX Press (Right) while the Press ADD to PBX to to PBX the of the PBX features phonebook PBX and PBX 5.Custom Select 0.PBX Barring 7.Backlight 4.Clear 3.Missed 2.PhoneBook 4.Sound SAVE DELETE Empty ADD the operation to the and PBX Flash*70. Press SAVE to Press the of the function to to PBX Press END when the function Press Option to or the PBX Press OPTION while the appear the LCD The first PBX and the PBX the the third PBX that the F the and back to function frequently. the of the Press SAVE to 4.Assign Next PBX 7.Text SAVE DELETE ADD OPTION PBX F*70 Press to the from the Press to the called, received, or Press to operation Press to search, and the phonebook Press MENU (Right) while the Records or the instruction OPTION HOLD PBX Notes: or to through the Press OPTION and to the record. options. The PBX function This would the DuraFon 1X function PBX features the to PBX
or to and to or off the and Press SAVE to selection. If On selected, the prompted to to this turned the LCD the each TALK first whether to the The outgoing phone or the and or to Press to Press to Press to when pressed: or to options: and Press SAVE to selection. through High, and Press SAVE to Press to the or to through selection. Press to the received, from the or to through the Press to the the phone to and or without the than Please that to the ID service from the LCD displays there from the or to to the the Press to the phone received to and or without the and to the record. to this function. than OPTION Press to Select: or to the or to (to the or to English, French, or Spanish. The characters using the Character Table and of the or (the character the or of the This useful and or to through to that displayed. Press or to the to the Press and to clear the three (Called, Press to the LCD to Press and to the the right of the character). ENDished; SAVE to or other Press to clear and Press to LCD Press SAVE to selection. to Press to Received, and Missed). of the the section. English. Please that to the ID service from the LCD displays there Missed to the the phone While of the three DIAL to the to and or without the and to the record. through the Press OPTION to this function. than phone the three ID service from phone Press to or to through High-then-Vibrate, and High. Press Press to sound-related The and Missed incoming to phone numbers, and incoming ID service recorded. Notes: Press to the or to through SAVE to selection.
Station Technical Specifications Specifications RF Spacing or to through options: On, and Seconds. and the PBX function Press to inbox text or outbox Once Select BS function, to the ID which seconds, that the backlight off the backlight or to switch On and The Press to incoming the instructions Press following ID to to to the to Press to or and base: the the to Press to PBX features that finished; SAVE to finished; SAVE to finished; SAVE to Please to operation. Please to operation. to choose outgoing Press to the LCD backlight: Press to outgoing Press to the instructions the instructions Press to The OFF. Press to Barring The PW seconds of inactivity. instructions editing) BER BER TD TD (optional) Rate TNC Connector NA TX TDMA MSK MSK Modulation of of CRC CRC Coding (TDD) (TDD) Rate G.729A G.729A Coding Rate TIA/EIA-470B TIA/EIA-470B Quality of ID NA RJ11 Telephone Interface NA NA CAN/DOC RSS210, CS03 Hearing Compatible FCC V, Battery 120V/12V AC/DC Source hours (from empty) NA Charge with C C C C Humidity NA Charger CAN/DOC RSS210, CS03 FCC The the right to and without NA Not Applicable. Notes: