The allows the to directed to areas. the reduce the coverage, when to the when the and or coverage to another the Thread TNC Connector to the included and then the other of this to the thread TNC and turned clockwise to the Thread TNC Connector or to the SN-ULTRA-AK10 or SN-ULTRA-AK20. Connected to WIRELESS SOLUTION PROVIDER SN-ULTRA-AS Reference Specifications Specifications Item Specifications Item Insertion Insertion 4W MAX 4W MAX Procedure Connected to Connected to
U.S.A. Customers: ALL products covered the warranty purchased through Inc. or Authorized to this the the warranty and the authority to the This warranty to products purchased and the United States, its and Warranty from the of purchase. warranty products purchased within the United States, purchased from authorized www.engeniustech.com of authorized What covered? or workmanship Warranty One from the of purchase. of purchase warranty, please the of purchase. What If this or workmanship and to within of the of purchase with of purchase, or, option, charge to this repaired, choose to with or reconditioned of the or The or warranted or the of the one-year warranty whichever warranties, including warranty of and warranty of merchantability warranty that the ordinary to from the of purchase.We of of business, of of this or property caused this or its to or other or allow warranty or the of or the or apply to Warranty Service To warranty service this of the of purchase. Customer Service (U.S.) or Authorization (RMA) and the of the authorized service location. You and to the to and the to the the to service location, include phone RMA of dated, of purchase and of the operating or this to or business the United States or What this warranty cover This warranty caused incorrect of or of the including to, while to service location, alterations, unauthorized to follow instructions, from (including or or operations of the operating or fire, and of the United States or warrant this to with telephone or or sophisticated switching If this covered warranty, (U.S.) or information and charges. option, rather than this with or of the or The or warranted protection should with the SNULTRA-LPK. This warranty the this and forth the There other warranties. State Rights This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to Warranty Inc. CA