INSTALLATION OPERATION MANUAL 25PAH/55SHPAH/55TRPAH REV. CAUTION Please this and of this burning and from heating SAFETY NOTICE to follow these instructions property or death. and protection, follow the instructions outlined this building or fire officials about and inspection (including PELLET AUXILIARY HEATER SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Works, Inc. PO VA
IMPORTANT: IF YOU HAVE PROBLEM WITH THIS UNIT, DO NOT RETURN IT TO THE DEALER. CONTACT TECHNICAL SUPPORT This or with the combustion the Installation section of this to installations. with the and (HUD), CFR WARNING: of combustion with this with the and tightly latched operation. Works using as of heat. of Purchase_______________________ of This information found the attached to the of the this information phone the factory or this
Introduction Introduction Specifications Heating Specifications EPA Clearances to Introduction Additional Information o Through the Wall o Through the o Existing Chimney Protection Started Lighting Thermostat Thermostat Optional o Notes............. o Ash TABLE OF CONTENTS o Cleaning the Monthly o Notes............. o Chamber o Yearly o Notes............. o Blower o Convection Blower o o Checking Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Convection Blower Combustion Blower Board. Warranty Warranty Warranty
Thank purchasing this from Works! Works started, and by, family that strongly It Yourself thats reason found this It Yourself intentionally and that homeowner their with and than to to the as easily and as inexpensively as while to efficiently, heat from Please section and Technical with nearly to through repairs, or other that years of and heating, VERYONE AT NGLAND TOVE ORKS Please While information obtained from and through Technical free of charge, there service charge incurred with repairs or that This of the 25PAH, including the 55SHPAH, SPAHL and 55TRPAH. simplicity of the to the 25PAH INTRODUCTION
SPECIFICATIONS Heating Specifications Heat hours Footage Heated*** Capacity pounds EPA and Specifications EPA ...........................................................................................Certified Efficiency* Tested To ASTM ULC/ORDC1482M1990 ULC S62700 This tested efficiency; the shown normally burning Heat and burn heavily the type of the as such, these The heating capacity of this greatly based insulation and of other factors. this information with BTU to this
choosing location there of factors that should account the installation. To the should location where of the of through the Heat Flow location the the heat throughout the where the heat; installations often allow heat to flow to the and top allow heat to reach the below. that heat and the of least while Location the to they allow easy and AC3000 If there feasible to the there the through the roof, they to costly they the of and often Wall Construction Locating the that the simplify the and the to sections of the to the thimble. WARNING or or other and the of this or other If to warranty. Comply with clearances to as specified. to comply house fire. Tested and only other warranty. INSTALLATION
Clearances to Unit to Unit to Rear Unit to Wall Wall Corner C Not shown children the as this and to the of high NOT with protective or clothing, and other MUST comply with and and fire officials or authorities about inspection, and DO NOT CONNECT TO ANY AIR DISTRIBUTION DUCT OR SYSTEM INSTALLATION C C Unit Top to CAUTION
Introduction This operates which combustion through the and the through the and of the building. This with the following of the with the performance, property or death. Works incurred to or installation. If to the of the Technical official to and fire and about to the strongly contacting NFI to the installation. ALWAYS adherence with the instructions and clearances included with DO NOT this to which another DO NOT or other restrictive the of this USE thimble when through and support/fire when through ONLY or or PL DO NOT or SEAL each of with high ACRTV3) to the home. AVOID and as both reduce the of the and performance. INCLUDE as as to from the from the of INSPECT to clear of flyash and other CLEAN the as the section of this INSTALL VENT AT CLEARANCES SPECIFIED BY THE VENT MANUFACTURER. HOT! burns or clothing and other operation. WARNING HOT, and burns touched. Noncombustible shielding or guards required. INSTALLATION WARNING
Additional Information and match from when assembling NOT from and thimble from another). of of to the which from the the of or combustion or shorter of to reduce frictional than should of terminate the directly beneath such as or Follow NFPA below termination location to and other the o NFPA Section Termination: The of mechanical other than (sealed combustion located with the following: Not than forced located within Not than below, from or or Not than from building and than when located to the termination and should of the below the termination. the termination height and such as or where the termination height sufficiently high to the termination free of or of the or which through or or or or Where through or of the to CAN/CSAB365. INSTALLATION
Through the Wall Generally the through the using AC3000 (or the It allows the to to the and the cleanout the of the house, ease of cleaning. the thimble through and least the clearances to where the to the of the and the to the blower output three screws. the to the of the house using below the each with high RTV to the free with the instructions If the three screws each the to combustion the included with or as the section, This type installations should professional or other the and section of the would the and the would through the thimble and then Please reference and to to as each installation. Please follow the clearances to and follow high installations the should increased from 3-inch to four-inch INSTALLATION or PL and clearances to the strictly to.
Through the through the ceiling/roof the feasible option and factory recommended where the to the of the and the to the blower output using three screws. Seal each with high RTV to the with the instructions If the three sheet screws each the to combustion the included with or as the section, This that the through the from the then to and terminates the this of this to follow the instructions Please reference and to to as each installation. Please follow the clearances to and follow high installations the should increased from 3-inch to four-inch INSTALLATION or PL and clearances to the strictly to. the through as as the firestops, shields, flashing and to follow the height of termination the and least the clearances to
Existing Chimney existing or factory built the other this If connecting this to factory built ONLY UL103 HT to other factory built poorly operating or to existing the crosssectional of the considered. with than round with where the to the of the and the to the blower three sheet screws. Seal each with high RTV to the with the instructions If the three screws each the to combustion using the included with or as the section, Please reference only and to to as each installation. Please follow the clearances to and follow high installations the should increased from 3-inch to four-inch INSTALLATION or PL the existing the when transitioning from the to the or factory built thimble and that the sealed tightly to both the and the existing existing (A inspection recommended). the the NFPA (A professional this inspection).
The Works, Inc. MUST of this Please the section information The clear of and other the free of restriction to and The MUST to the of the and the the of the this heaters attached to the The MUST grounded with grounding (or terminated each with NEC grounded follow clearances the section of this AND follow the clearance Similarly, the with (HUD) CFR as as to effective the location where the or through to the of the Flashing and THE STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY OF THE MANUFACTURED HOME FLOOR, WALL AND CEILING/ROOF MUST BE MAINTAINED. DO NOT CUT THROUGH FLOOR JOISTS, WALL STUDS, CEILING TRUSSES OR ANY OTHER SUPPORTING MATERIAL WHICH COULD BE DETRIMENTAL TO THE STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY OF THE HOME. Shield/Firestop or PL WARNING: DO NOT INSTALL IN SLEEPING ROOM. high installations the should increased from 3-inch to four-inch INSTALLATION CAUTION
The of combustion this The from the of the the included to to combustion Instructions and the to the to included with the If it feasible to the included installation, other used, the following followed: o The with thickness of or and of o and should sealed with or other mechanical means, to free o of and should to frictional performance. o or other protection the termination to and from the o Increase the to the than length, than or the The should inspected least annually to from OUTSIDE AIR HOOKUP NEVER combustion from: Wall, or cavity. Enclosed such as or
This the to If the the to already and to or higher than protection (although aesthetic reasons). Prefabricated protectors which UL or purchased or built from sheets of thick board covered with would which the protector, that this heavy induce heating and cooling the which and and hearth NOT hearth the US The least from the front and from the rear. The least from the front of the from the of the and from the rear. that the and of AND/OR directly FLOOR PROTECTION US: US: US: US:
Started to that the and from to this to using to the from BEFORE first fire, the the ON with the initiate the o Once the ON pressed, should immediately hear the blower and continuously. o about three to the of the the of the burn to operating normally. o the switch with and to that the Release the switch and that the DO NOT PUT YOUR FINGERS IN THE HOPPER OR NEAR THE ROTATING AUGER about the board should E2 the (More information found the section of this At this the and heating ready operation. Lighting this to the first with the the flushmount and the directly the PFI Certified the PFI of and high BTUs, and and quality. This softwood and and although the slightly appearance or both of cleanly and efficiently this This with the user input to light the of the On DAILY OPERATION
Shortly the On the appear the heat and blower of the board. This the the and operating normally. The feed and combustion the board, the heat the fire should burning brightly and the should from the board. At this the operation and the the empty, the Heat or Blower Notes high should this with high OR with high the to with and to become significantly shorter. Please the section of this thoroughly to selection affects operation, and cleaning. the height which the the burnpot. Although the height increase and operation, there of efficiency. location; location the and Also, that from the heater; to the fire. This burning heater with specially burnpot which from the factory. This burnpot the burning and the locations. the factory burnpot; should to this burnpot and or other fire should CAUTION NEVER USE GASOLINE, GASOLINETYPE LANTERN FUEL, KEROSENE, CHARCOAL LIGHTER FLUID, OR SIMILAR LIQUIDS TO START OR FRESHEN UP FIRE IN THIS HEATER. KEEP ALL SUCH LIQUIDS WELL AWAY FROM THE HEATER WHILE IN USE. ADDITIONALLY, NEVER DO NOT USE CHEMICALS OR FLUIDS TO START THE FIRE. DO NOT BURN GARBAGE OR FLAMMABLE FLUIDS SUCH AS GASOLINE, NAPHTHA OR ENGINE OIL. APPLY FIRESTARTER TO ANY HOT SURFACE OR EMBERS IN THE STOVE.
The this allows the to the heat and blower the and off, and function The the board Feed, and to operation of the These buttons factory and the To the and initiate fire, the On The LED the should and the board should S U shortly the To the the The LED the should and the should S shortly the This initiates the and the cooled To increase the heat of the the heat The the heat increase, that the board the heat to The blower increase the amount as the heat the to with the blower greater than or to the heat Pressing the Down arrow the heat and blower To increase the blower without increasing the heat the Blower arrow the blower shown the Pressing the Down arrow the however, the board allow the blower to than the heat This to only with the and closed. and inefficient, from to the with other than and odorless, which Please only CONTROL BOARD SETTINGS
or that appear the Heat and Blower of the the the boards of the that something isnt operating correctly within the and that the should inspected the TroubleShooting information E0 this displayed the (typically when restarting shutdown), there currently and the operation. E1 This this If the please Technical and they the of the E2 this displayed the board to light. Although the ignited the the high enough to the fire If fire ignited, the to cool, the and the E3 This the allowable exceeded. Commonly to as the E3 something the causing the to than expected. E4 This based the This the fire or of It from the empty. If to the or other about and what they please Technical ERROR CODES
If the to the three or the operation when to the following If the than (approximately) three the OFF when IMPORTANT NOT the or the to the the and to reduce the chance of combustion byproducts the from the the to and then the ON to the necessary. Works, Inc. highly recommends the of every of the house. However, locating directly this Press the and the completely cool BEFORE the and or POWER FAILURE Units State State ON ShutDown ShutDown OFF OFF Detectors Shock of shock service.
Thermostat the and the back of the the thermostat J18, the of the board, the below and of this board It from the factory. This the thermostat and should the screws screwdriver and the the thermostat wires of the and the screws. the back and mount the thermostat; the reads the thermostat and ready thermostat operation. THERMOSTAT OPERATION: This with that allows options thermostatic operation: The from the factory On/Off which the and off when the heat or The second, or High/Low burns whichever heat the the heat which the to the heat To the the High/Low the and back then and both appears the heat and blower The High/Low this to back to On/Off appear the heat and thermostat On/Off the of THERMOSTAT OPERATION thermostat wires (J18)
Thermostat The 25PAH|55SHPAH|55TRPAH to both and thermostat While the board heating the the heat of the the thermostat allows the to and shutdown which house and This connected to thermostat PUDTSTAT) or wireless thermostat AC3003). Although thermostat the properly, the wireless thermostat the of from anywhere the house. to the thermostat the location; the thermostat the to overheat the located the thermostat the of the which located. Wall Thermostat (PUDTSTAT) this thermostat allows the 25PAH|55SHPAH|55TRPAH to the as The shutdown and relight as the heat and On/Off This the house while conserving Thermostat (AC3003) The thermostat the 25PAH the of thermostat further allowing from anywhere the The thermostat allows from wherever and AA to THERMOSTAT OPERATION OPTIONAL ACCESSORIES
of Ashes Ashes should with tight The closed of ashes should or the ground, from If the ashes of or otherwise locally they should retained the closed thoroughly cooled. Notes with concerning this the OFF and completed the ShutDown BEFORE that the firebox HOT the fire and EVEN the ShutDown when think they should cold. Ashes should only when the shutdown and allowed to cool thoroughly. ashes the fire when ashes from this (or amounts of and the the when first operating the as as whenever of burned. While the amount of this to the and free of ESSENTIAL performance and efficiency. Ash buildup reduces efficiency, and back. Works incurred to and/or This highly and, as such, to operating its Ash and Press the and allow the to the shutdown and completely. of the of the firebox, the of the already the the of the and or to from around the burnpot the below. DAILY MAINTENANCE
screwdriver or to the burnpot, to them from the and allow them to the buildup the performance Cleaning the below Turn the counterclockwise releases and the of the the ashes (as and them to allow to cool the back the the clockwise, catches the the The ready to operation. the ALWAYS properly the airtight around the of the Cleaning the with ashes from the cleaning the burnpot the other of that the operating its amounts of and that the higher amounts of these therefore to clean burnpot. Allowing to the burnpot the to the fire, dirty, burn. allow the to the shutdown and cool completely the firebox. the of the and the burnpot it straight and of the WARNING The burnpot HOT the fire wear protective whenever burnpot. Once the of the screwdriver or knife, as previously mentioned, the from the of the burnpot. clear and screwdriver or scratch from these orifices. from the of the and from the top of the the below. the top of free of allowing the burnpot to airtight with the top of the the burnpot back the using the of the
Notes with concerning this the OFF, completed the ShutDown and completely cool BEFORE that the firebox HOT the fire and EVEN the ShutDown when think they should cold. Monthly should include the this section AS WELL AS the the section. monthly cleanings the that the burning which operated continuously monthly cleanings than which as heat. of monthly that should each ton of OR once month, whichever first. If found the chamber or monthly the cleanings should reduced to the of performance to Chamber Cleaning The chamber of the intentionally as Allowing to buildup the combustion blower and the Similarly, the chamber easily the chamber cleanout located the firebox. wrench, the screws which each of the cleanout covers The cleanout covers located the back of the firebox, the the cleanout covers from the firebox and BEFORE the chamber the type and of buildup. The the chamber should light, or white and should higher than the cleanout MONTHLY MAINTENANCE o NOT allow the to higher than about the cleanout this the combustion and performance.
type cleaner, the of the chamber. of hose attached to the of the and useful reaching the which the cleanout specially and cleaning from the Works please Once from the chamber, the cleanout covers, the screws previously to the screws to sufficiently the cleanout covers, them, as to the screw. Cleaning and the (such as and flyash and INSPECT these to the operating the type of connected to, to the cleanout and the to flyash specifically cleaning the where bought this as as hearth of such as from the the to the ash and should inspected and brushed clean. the termination to or restricted flyash thoroughly cleaning the reseal seams with high ACRTV3) to Inspect seams that to prolonged the found searching flyash the of the the and them accordingly. Although to flyash cleaning the of and sections that It that this concern, operating to operation.
Notes with concerning this the OFF, completed the ShutDown and completely cool BEFORE that the firebox HOT the fire and EVEN the ShutDown when think they should cold. Yearly (or of season) should include the this section AS WELL AS the the and Monthly sections of this Yearly should the of the burning season. Leaving and other buildup the the nonheating months to the and to and to thorough the of season cleaning increase the operating of the and and Fly Ash: Formation and The products of combustion of ash. The the and the flow of the Incomplete combustion, such as that which shutdown or incorrect of the heater to formation which the The should inspected least once year to cleaning necessary. Press the and the completely cool BEFORE the and or YEARLY MAINTENANCE of shock service.
Blower Cleaning Although the blower and blower housing to buildup, flyash there throughout the burning season. The amount and type of the type of and this If, when cleaning the blower, of flyash found, cleaning the blower and housing should monthly or bimonthly to this Instructions the blower cleaning the and thoroughly cooled and the screw which the blower to the Once the the blower clearly the from the blower enough that to the blower from the the wires which the to the blower the and the screw, the top of the blower which the thermal to the blower. the screws which the blower to the blower to reach of the screws. the blower and of the The which the blower to the blower when the blower. when though, easy to tear this and airtight to this PUCBG) the blower With the to the blower and from the of the and from the blower Inspect the blower and that cooling the and free of the blower the as to the of the blower AND to the thermal to the top of the outlet the YEARLY MAINTENANCE
Convection Blower Cleaning the cool and servicing within the the blower byproducts of combustion, serious cleaning the blower. from the and other the the of the blower. The blower located the of the the combustion blower, and the located easy blower cleaning. that built the usually easily with or Cleaning from the and the type and of the of and the The lowest of the the back of the where With the off, completely cool and with the empty, to the fines from the If the fines from the top of the the back first the three screws which the outlet cover Next, the four back screws and the back and off of the the assembly the of the and once found, the screws of the mounting wrench, the screw of the mounting With hand, the assembly of the enough that the to from this the assembly and the screws; the back and the outlet cover to the screws the of the Checking airtight the and to performance. these only dirty, burn serious threat. of this, should using the the and the the location where the the the latching and to the If the and easily, the to replaced. This should repeated around the as tightly and poorly another YEARLY MAINTENANCE
WARNING: To ELECTRICAL SHOCK the from the BEFORE If this the or Technical turning or house the Seal with or hose thermal blower operating board blower board operating blower. blower. blower. Inspect and blower. buildup. Thoroughly clean PFI Blown protector. High or or another brand. Obstruction Blower clean, and blower. blower. both or screw. screw tightness. Technical Support. "E1" On TroubleShooting and blower. Blower higher than heat causing to and blower to Exposed wire. exposed or and shorting. and or blower
Unit with "E2" board. "E3" Convection blower blower function, necessary. Partially "E4" of Notes: instructed to check/replace the or cracked hose. Also, the the firebox clean. To and clear displayed the board, the "ON" and the should the and If about the of or PLEASE Technical thermal both of thermal blower and board). Heat to fire started. to light or other than ONLY this The empty. the with and the The the too the shortest when The switch the when the or combustion "E4" Blower too high, the with the cooling firebox too and heat the
the and thoroughly cooled Also, the to or the assembly. the back of the the from the the assembly the of the and the screws of the the assembly of the Next, the four screws which the to the using wrench. the and the plate off of the the screw which the to the and the as as the the the to the which the to the REPLACING COMPONENTS
Convection Blower the and thoroughly cooled the back outlet cover and back from the the blower from the the four screws which to the of the and the four screws which the blower to the the blower from the of the blower of to the blower to the harness. REPLACING COMPONENTS Convection Blower Combustion Blower the and thoroughly cooled the screw which the blower to the the from the blower, and the blower from the the thermal screw the top of the wrench. screws which the blower to the blower Once the screws the blower and of the the of the however to the of the blower and necessary. Combustion Blower
the and thoroughly cooled the and rear of the as shown the below. the and hose from the of where the screws which the to the using screw the of the wires and hose to the this REPLACING COMPONENTS Assembly the and thoroughly cooled the cover plate and of the as shown the below. the from the and wrench to the screw. the screw wrench) and the the the the screw and the assembly the to the wires to the board reassembly.
IMPROPER GASKET MAINTENANCE, INCLUDING FAILURE TO REPLACE GASKETS, CAN CAUSE AIR LEAKS RESULTING IN SMOKE-BACKS. Combustion Blower Combustion Blower This painted with HighTemperature that should its years. If the should and appear, the with and repainted. It that HighTemperature ACMBSP), as others to the or withstand the high Similarly, of to of HighTemperature REPLACING COMPONENTS o This with around the that should least every years. To the ACDGKNC), the first to the to the from the Once the and the should closed and latched twentyfour hours to allow the to o If the ACGGK), the already the the and the around the of the the the the U o The Combustion Blower PUCBG) should inspected whenever or the Combustion Blower and necessary. o The combustion PUCMG) as normally from the the blower cleaned the rather than the blower assembly, this inspected and as necessary.
This ACG17) the included with purchased directly from Works. with or other type of and this with cracked or Specifications Precautions with or other type of this with cracked or the or the with Cleaning the and the completely cool. The buildup the light and normally to the If specifically this the or cleaners. the with and the operation. the from the and firm wrench, the screws [A]. the four from the to shards of the the of the and The wrapped with (PU GGK). This to cushion the from the the the screws the screws. REPLACING COMPONENTS Screws Bracket
The PAHCB09) readout board. This offers of to the The right should to the board. The board from the the screws and the board back to the of the quickblow this Board. NOTE: The three buttons the factory and the Operation section of the instructions Recommended Heat Heat Blower Heat Blower High: Heat Blower High Heat Blower NOTE: Blower to the Heat that select. REPLACING COMPONENTS
Press the and the completely cool BEFORE the and or of shock service. WIRING DIAGRAM PAH-CB09
Assembly Assembly ILLUSTRATED PARTS DIAGRAM
Iron PU62401513 REPLACEMENT PARTS LIST PUHLG ACDGKNC ACGGK PUCBG Blower ACGGK Ash PUCGEP PUCHA Cartridge Heater PU076002B Blower PU4C447 Blower ACHLSB Switch CUVS of WC CU047042 RPM PAHCB09 CAAMPP Iron CA13 Iron CAAC Coupler PAHECC Cleanout PAHBPC PAHBP PAHEBAD Combustion Blower Access PAHBAD Convection Blower Access PUAFEP ACGS13 PAHRAP Rear Access PAHECP Plate PAHAWB Airwash PAHAP Ash ACG17 PUVH High Hose Not Shown CURG ACSHN Not Shown ACSH Not Shown PUPGB52 Insulation (PDV) Not Shown
You write and the this reference. This shows the info. such as UL testing officials, or who reference information.
LIMITED FIVE YEAR WARRANTY From the of purchase to the The the following warranties: and seams the firebox covered years splitting. The and covered cracking. One such as the burnpot, and covered cracking, and accessory items, and the painted of the covered from the of purchase. Conditions and from warranty. This warranty apply of operation, or unauthorized or attempted to The indirect, or with the including or or service of malfunction or breach of written or warranty and excluded. allow the of of or the apply to
Procedure of of within the warranty and to and from service the The from which the purchased or the factory, option, the warranty service. Other Rights This warranty rights; other rights, Please This warranty and the attached warranty AND of the within thirty from the of purchase. Warranty which from to
Purchaser Information I. Purchased II. III. City_______________________State________Zip IV. Telephone V. Information VI. Purchased From VII. VIII. City_______________________ Unit Information IX. Purchase X. Purchase XI. Purchase first hear about (Please Word of Mouth Demonstration____ Other: Where information about Telephone____ of Other: WARRANTY REGISTRATION Works
This information MUST this warranty to Please this information within thirty from the of purchase. of these three easy to warranty information Notice Works, Inc. Technical P.O. Twentyfour hours warranty