EVOLUTION PELLET INSERT INSERT KIT SAFETY NOTICE to follow these instructions property or death. and protection, follow the instructions outlined this building or fire officials about and inspection (including CAUTION Please this and of this burning and from heating INSTALLATION OPERATION MANUAL MODEL NUMBERS: 25-EPI 55-SHPEPI 55-TRPEPI SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
IMPORTANT: IF YOU HAVE PROBLEM WITH THIS UNIT, DO NOT RETURN IT TO THE DEALER. CONTACT CUSTOMER SERVICE This or with the combustion the Installation section of this to installations. with the and (HUD), CFR WARNING: of combustion with this with the and tightly latched operation. Englands Works as of heat. of Purchase_______________________ of This information found the attached to the of the this information the phone the factory or this
Introduction Introduction...................................4 Specifications Unit Heating Specifications EPA Compliance...........................6 Assembly Clearances to Introduction...................10 Addition Information o Chimney Protection Started Lighting Thermostat Thermostat o Notes o Ash o Cleaning the o Notes o o TABLE OF CONTENTS Monthly o Notes o Chamber............28 o o Notes o Blower......... o Convection Blower o o Checking Trouble Shooting Troubleshooting.................... Motor................................37 Convection Combustion Blower Switch...........................39 Board..............................41 Optional Thermostat Warranty Warranty Warranty
Thank purchasing this from Works! Works started, and by, family that strongly It Yourself thats reason found this It Yourself intentionally and that homeowner their with and than to to the as easily and as inexpensively as while to efficiently, heat from Please section and Customer Service with nearly to through repairs, or other that years of and heating, VERYONE AT NGLAND TOVE ORKS Please While information obtained from and through Customer Service of charge, there service charge incurred with repairs of that INTRODUCTION
SPECIFICATIONS Unit Unit Height o Unit o Unit o to o to o Unit o Unit o Surround Height o Surround o o (Rear) o Height o o The fireplace apply to and reference only. the with knowledge of fits and to the to precisely this fireplace.
SPECIFICATIONS Heating Specifications Heat hours Footage Heated*** Capacity pounds EPA and Specifications EPA Compliance......................................................................................... Certified Efficiency*......................................................................................................... Tested To UL ULC S627, ASTM This tested efficiency; the efficiency shown normally burning Heat and heavily the type of the as such, these The heating of this greatly based insulation and of other factors. this information with BTU to this WARNING or or other and the of this or other If to feed warranty. Comply with clearances to as specified. to comply house fire. Tested and other warranty.
Assembly o or operated with o wrench with and Included Conversion o Surround Top o Surround o Surround Right o o Right o Rear Plate Assembly Instruction the and the screws the of the which the and rear to the These screws or wrench. Once these screws the and back of the and these the of this Next, the the front of the and the screws the of the once these screws the off of the and This the of this the Rear Plate Assembly, which included the This preassembled with the rear and hinges. It the the Rear Plate Assembly the top of the the assembly the and that the as Without the or to every location of the cover INSTALLATION
INSTALLATION Assembly the included screws to screw the Rear Plate to the of the while holding the to the of or of useful this of the required. or wrench, of the from the this the and to the closing tightly. If the Next, the these the as the screw the to the the screws this the surround and the screws the the These screws should through the surround the and then the Next, the top surround the screws the top of the Rear through the of the surround top where it the of the surround. Tighten the first, and then, or wrench, the screws the top of the Rear Cover or wrench, the screws which the mounting to the The wires which the board to the intentionally that the board remounted to the right surround without the four that the to the These located the of the and and using wrench. ONCE THESE BOLTS ARE LOOSENED AND REMOVED, THE UNIT IS FREE FROM THE PEDESTAL AND CAN FALL, CAUSING INJURY. BE CAREFUL WHEN REMOVING THESE BOLTS AND HAVE HELPER WHEN LIFTING THE STOVE FROM THE PEDESTAL.
Clearances to WARNING INSTALL VENT AT CLEARANCES SPECIFIED BY THE VENT MANUFACTURER. HOT! burns or clothing and other operation. CAUTION children the as this and to the of high NOT with protective or clothing, and other MUST comply with and and fire officials or authorities about inspection, and INSTALLATION Unit Clearances to Clearance to Mantle (A) (B) MM. MM. IN. IN.
Introduction This operates which combustion through the burn and the to the and of the building. This with the following of the with the performance, property or death. Englands Works incurred to or If to the of the service official to and fire and about to the NFI to the ALWAYS adherence with the instructions and clearances included with DO NOT this to which another DO NOT or other restrictive the of this ONLY or INSTALL block-off the throat of the SEAL each of with high AC- RTV3) to the AVOID and as both reduce the of the and performance. INCLUDE as as to from the from the of INSPECT often to clear of fly-ash and other CLEAN as the section of this WARNING HOT, and burns touched. Noncombustible shielding or required. INSTALLATION
Additional Information The of fireplace challenging and knowledge of that the homeowner to this, Englands Works highly recommends this professionally this the homeowner, follow the below: and match from when assembling NOT from and termination from another). FULL when this as o or shorter, used. o or used. high installations than this with only. flow to the high and performance and burn. combustion connected, the through the clean-out of the fireplace, OR the to the top of the More information to found the section, INSTALLATION
specifically follow the the section the High RTV the to the hose or other mechanical The to the top of the and terminated (as shown or through the the of Please reference only and to to as each installation. Please follow and the clearances to INSTALLATION the the to the outlet of the to the the throat of the fireplace with block-off plate screwed to the of the the top of the the Top Plate the (or, installations, the top plate from High RTV to the top and If the should with three sheet screws.
The of combustion mandatory the 25-EP The from the of the the included to to combustion Instructions and the to the to included with the from which terminates ath the top of the or through the The choice the which the shortest or If feasible to the included other the following followed: o The with thickness of or and of approximately o and should sealed with or other mechanical to free o of and should to frictional performance. o or other protection the termination to and from the o Increase the to the than length, than or the The should inspected least annually to from OUTSIDE AIR HOOK-UP NEVER combustion from: Wall, or cavity such as or
The 25-EP hearth the hearth of the fireplace the from the front of Follow the below to the fireplace hearth If the hearth enough to this hearth (which and specifically this used. hearth should U.L. listed, or and Since the of the heat from this the hearth to ashes and from the hearth NOT hearth FLOOR PROTECTION Protection From IN. IN. MM. MM. Unit
Started to that the clean and from to this to to the from BEFORE first fire, the the ON button, with the initiate the o Once the ON pressed, should immediately hear the blower and continuously. o about three to the of the the of the to operating normally. o the switch with and to that the Release the switch and that the DO NOT PUT YOUR FINGERS IN THE HOPPER OR NEAR THE ROTATING AUGER about the should E-2 the (More information found the section of this At this the and heating ready operation. Lighting this to the first with the using the flush-mount and the directly the DAILY OPERATION using only PFI Certified facilities, the PFI of and high BTUs, and and
The 25-EP using softwood and and although the slightly appearance or both of burn cleanly and efficiently this The 25-EP with the input to light the of the On Shortly the On the appear the heat and blower of the board. This the the and operating normally. The and combustion the board, the heat although the Heat to fire initiated. approximately the fire should burning brightly and the should from the board. At this the operation and the the board the Heat or Blower Notes the height and noticeable heat Not which the the burnpot. Although the height increase and operation, the of the relatively Since heat from the and the there of efficiency the of high and NEVER USE GASOLINE, GASOLINE-TYPE LANTERN FUEL, KEROSENE, CHARCOAL LIGHTER FLUID, OR SIMILAR LIQUIDS TO START OR FRESHEN UP FIRE IN THIS HEATER. KEEP ALL SUCH LIQUIDS WELL AWAY FROM THE HEATER WHILE IN USE. CAUTION
The board this allows the to the heat and blower the and off, and function The buttons the Feed, and to of the These factory and should the To the and initiate fire, the On The LED the should and the board should S U shortly the To the the The LED the should and the board should S shortly the This initiates the and the cooled To increase the heat of the the heat The the heat increase, that the board the heat output to The increase the amount as the heat the to with the blower than or to the heat Pressing the Down arrow the heat and blower speed. To increase the blower without increasing the heat the arrow the blower shown the Pressing the Down arrow the blower however the the blower than the heat CONTROL BOARD SETTINGS
or that appear the Heat and of the the the boards of the that something isnt operating correctly within the and that the should inspected the Trouble-Shooting information E-0 this displayed the typically when restarting shutdown, there currently and the operating. E-1 This this If the please service and they the of the E-2 this the to light. Although the the the board high enough to the fire If fire ignited, the to cool, the burnpot and the E-3 This the allowable exceeded. Commonly to as the E-3 something the allowing the fire to too E-4 This displayed based the This the fire or of It from the empty. If to the or other about and what they please Technical ERROR CODES
If the to the approximately three or the operation when to the following Units State State If the than (approximately) three the OFF when IMPORTANT NOT the or the to the the and to reduce the chance of combustion byproducts the the to and then the ON to the necessary. Press the and the completely cool BEFORE the and or of shock service. POWER FAILURE ON Shut-Down Shut-Down OFF OFF Shock
Thermostat the and the back of the the thermostat J18, the of the board, the below and of this board It from the factory. This the thermostat and should the screws screwdriver and the the thermostat wires of the and the screws. the back and mount the thermostat; the reads the thermostat and ready thermostat operation. THERMOSTAT OPERATION thermostat wires (J18)
Thermostat The 25-EP to both and thermostat While the heating the user the heat of the the thermostat allows the to and shutdown which house and The 25-EP connected to thermostat GU-1E30- or wireless thermostat AC-3001). Although thermostat the properly, the wireless thermostat the of from anywhere the house. thermostatic operation, the whatever heat and blower the board to. the heat the to the the thermostatic shutdown If, the shutdown the heat the the shutdown relighting. to the thermostat the location; the thermostat the to overheat the located because the thermostat the of the which Although heat and blower thermostat the specifically thermostat heat and THERMOSTAT OPERATION o Heat thermostat operating o Heat thermostat operation or poorly insulated homes.
Notes with concerning this the OFF and completed the Shut-Down BEFORE that the firebox HOT the fire and EVEN the Shut-Down when think they should cold. Ashes should when the shutdown and allowed to cool thoroughly. ashes the fire when ashes from this and ashes with tight and only this amounts of and the the when first operating the as as whenever of burned. While the amount of this to the and of ESSENTIAL performance and efficiency. Ash build-up reduces efficiency, and back. Works incurred to poorly and/or This and as such to operating its of Ashes Ashes should with tight The closed of ashes should or the ground, from If the ashes of or other locally they should retained the closed thoroughly cooled. DAILY MAINTENANCE
Ash and Press the and allow the to the shut-down and cool completely. the heat cleaning located the of the and repeatedly and from the the firebox. NOTE The heat the which heat from the fire the them free of to high efficiency operation of the of the of the firebox, the of the already the the of the and or to from around the the below. screwdriver or to the burnpot, to them from the and allow them to the build-up the performance Cleaning the Turn the counterclockwise releases and the of the the ashes as and them to allow to cool the back the the clockwise, catches the the The ready to operation. the ALWAYS properly the tight around the operation of the DAILY MAINTENANCE
Cleaning the with ashes from the cleaning the the other of that the operating its amounts of and that the higher amounts of these and to clean burnpot. Allowing to the the to the fire, dirty, burn. Instructions allow the to the and cool completely the firebox. the of the and the the front first and then and the rear of the burnpot. WARNING The HOT the fire wear protective whenever burnpot. Once the burnpot of the screwdriver or knife, as mentioned, the clear and screwdriver or scratch from these orifices. from the of the and from the top of the the below. the top of free of allowing the burnpot to air-tight with the top of the the burnpot back the the of the DAILY MAINTENANCE
Notes with concerning this the OFF and completed the Shut-Down BEFORE that the firebox HOT the fire and EVEN the Shut-Down when think they should cold. should include the this section AS WELL AS the the previous section. of to increased build-up the and the the first year the location of build-up as as the cleanings. Although specifically this section, the and both the and should inspected to previously mentioned, airtight to operation. type clean-out the with of from blown the the completely cool and that ALL ashes cool Clean-out and other to these inspected BIWEEKLY MAINTENANCE
the to the heat free from ash, however the and other areas. The firebox free floating which reduces thermal the and easily cleaning. the by: as the of the the where fly-ash the firebox clear. The of high recommended from through the and the chamber. BEFORE the the inspect the heat and necessary, to the fly-ash from the the the the of the The of the the intentionally tight; however, force to the If the without using force, the from the firebox and trying to back the firebox. BIWEEKLY MAINTENANCE o the the of the o the the back of the o the and of its the firebox shelf. o Allowing the to to the and then and of the through the
Notes with concerning this the OFF and completed the Shut-Down BEFORE that the firebox HOT the fire and EVEN the Shut-Down when think they should cold. Monthly should include the this section AS WELL AS the the and monthly cleanings the that burning which operated continuously monthly cleanings than which as heat. of monthly that should each ton of burned, OR once month, whichever first. If found the chamber or monthly the cleanings should reduced to the of performance to MONTHLY MAINTENANCE
Chamber Cleaning The chamber of the intentionally as Allowing to build-up the combustion blower and the the chamber easily the chamber clean-out located the firebox. Instructions clean the chamber AFTER cleaning the firebox and heat cleaning them the chamber. wrench, the screws which each of the clean-out covers The cleanout covers located the back of the firebox, the the cleanout covers from the firebox and BEFORE the chamber the type and of build-up. The the chamber should light, or white and should higher than the clean-out type cleaner, as previously this the of the chamber. of hose attached to the of the and reaching the which the clean-out Once from the chamber, the cleanout covers the screws previously to tighten the screws to sufficiently the cleanout covers, them as to the screw. MONTHLY MAINTENANCE o If the or of incompletely combustion. o NOT allow the to higher than about the cleanout this the combustion blower and performance.
Cleaning and the (such as and fly-ash INSPECT these to the operating the type of connected to, to the clean-out cover and the to fly-ash specifically cleaning the where bought this as as hearth of such as from the the to to and should inspected and clean. the termination to or restricted fly-ash thoroughly cleaning the reseal seams with high AC-RTV3) to Inspect seams that to prolonged the usually found searching fly-ash the of the the and them accordingly. Although to fly-ash cleaning the of and sections that It that this concern, operating to operation. MONTHLY MAINTENANCE
Notes with concerning this the OFF and completed the Shut-Down BEFORE that the firebox HOT the fire and EVEN the Shut-Down when think they should cold. Yearly (or of season) should include the this section AS WELL AS the the and Yearly should the of the burning season. Leaving and other build-up the the non-heating months to the and to and to thorough the of season cleaning increase the operating of the and Press the and the completely BEFORE the and or of shock service. YEARLY MAINTENANCE
Blower Cleaning Although the blower and blower housing to build, fly-ash there throughout the burning season. The amount and type of the type of and this If, when cleaning the blower, of fly-ash found, cleaning the blower and housing should monthly or bimonthly to this Instructions the blower cleaning the and thoroughly cooled to the combustion blower, the to least from the fireplace (or alternatively, the surround and to the blower). the from the blower enough that to the blower from the the wires which the to the blower the and the screw, the top of the blower which the thermal to the blower. the screws which the blower to the blower The screws easily through the the to reach of the screws. the blower and of the The which the blower to the blower when the blower. when though, easy to tear this and airtight to this PU-CBG) the blower YEARLY MAINTENANCE
With the blower to the blower and from the of the blower and from the blower Inspect the blower and that cooling the and free of the blower and the as to the of the blower AND to the thermal to the top of the blower the
Convection Blower Cleaning Since the blower by-products of combustion, serious cleaning the blower. from the and other the the of the blower. The blower located the of the the combustion blower, and while the pulled of the the should inspected build-up. that built the easily with or the cool and servicing within the Cleaning from the and the type and of the of and the The lowest of the the back of the where With the off and to the fines from the If the fines from the top of the to the combustion blower, the to least partially from the (or alternatively, the surround and to the blower). wrench, the screw of the mounting With hand, the assembly of the enough that the to fines from this the assembly and the screws; the back and the to the screws the of the YEARLY MAINTENANCE
Checking airtight the and to performance. this dirty, serious threat. of this, should the the and the the latching and to the If the easily, the to replaced. This should repeated around the as tightly and poorly another this around the of the and If the the should replaced. The to the found the section of this should with purchased from Works specifically this Instructions and the and found the instructional DVD accompanying this the YEARLY MAINTENANCE
WARNING: To ELECTRICAL SHOCK the from the BEFORE If this the or Technical turning or house the blower with or hose thermal Tighten operating blower operating blower. blower. blower. Inspect and blower. buildup. Thoroughly clean PFI Blown protector. High or or another brand. Obstruction Blower and blower. both or screw. screw tightness. Technical "E1" On TroubleShooting and blower. Blower higher than heat causing to cool and blower to wire. or and shorting. and or blower
Unit with "E2" board. "E3" blower blower function, necessary. Partially "E4" of Notes: instructed to check/replace the or cracked Also, the the firebox clean. To and clear displayed the board, the "ON" and the should the and If about the of or PLEASE technical thermal both of thermal and board). board Heat to fire started. to light or other than ONLY this The empty. the with and the The the too the shortest when The switch the when the or combustion "E4" Blower too high, the with the cooling firebox too blower and heat the
the and thoroughly cooled Also, the attempted to or the assembly. the from the fireplace enough to to the the rear, of the the assembly the of the and the screws of the the assembly of the enough that the screw, which the to the accessed. this screw the free from the assembly. Next, the four screws which the to the using wrench. the and the plate off of the the screw which the to the and the as as the the the to the which the to the REPLACING COMPONENTS
Convection Blower the and thoroughly cooled to the combustion blower, the to least partially from the fireplace (or alternatively, the surround and to the blower). the blower from the the four screws which to the shroud of the and the four screws which the blower to the blower from the Installation of the blower of to the blower to the REPLACING COMPONENTS Combustion Blower the and thoroughly cooled the from the the from the blower, and the blower from the and the thermal screw the top of the blower wrench. and screws which the blower to the blower Once the screws the and of the the of the however to the of the blower and necessary.
Switch the and thoroughly cooled the right and the back as previously the as shown the below. the and hose from the of where the screws which the to the wrench. the of the wires and house connected to the this REPLACING COMPONENTS the and thoroughly cooled the right and the back as the as shown the below. the from the and wrench to the screw. the and the the the the screw and the assembly the to the wires to the reassembly.
IMPROPER GASKET MAINTENANCE, INCLUDING FAILURE TO REPLACE GASKETS, CAN CAUSE AIR LEAKS RESULTING IN SMOKE-BACKS. Combustion Blower This painted with High-Temperature that should its years. If the should and appear, the with and repainted. It that High-Temperature AC-MBSP), as others to the or withstand the high of to of High-Temperature This three AC-G40 AC-G41 the included with purchased directly from Works. scratches this becomes cracked the should and the with bought from Works. with or other type of REPLACING COMPONENTS o This with around the that should least every years. To the PU-DGK), the first to the to the from the Once the and the should closed and latched twenty-four hours to allow the to o If the PU-GGK), the already the the and the around the of the the the the U o The Combustion Blower PU-CBG) should inspected whenever or the Combustion Blower and necessary.
The EP-CB08) read-out board. This offers of to the This from the the screws and the board back to the of the The should to the board. quick-blow this Board. NOTE: The three buttons the factory and the Operation section of the instructions Recommended Heat Heat Blower Heat Blower High: Heat Blower High Heat Blower NOTE: Blower to the Heat that select. REPLACING COMPONENTS
Press the and the completely BEFORE the and or of shock service. WIRING DIAGRAM PU-CBEP
Wall Thermostat (GU-1E30-914) this thermostat allows the 25-EP to the as The shut-down and as the heat and This the house while conserving Thermostat (AC-3001) The thermostat the 25-EP the of thermostat further allowing from anywhere the The thermostat allows from wherever and AA to (PU-LSEP) of the 25-EP the which included with The the firebox and of fire. The other than the of fly-ash, which accomplished with the cleaning of the The heat the fire should with fire to The top of the the accomplished the and of the The somewhat and should to or with however, the from and should The of fire and the of which the to therefore, Works warranty to the OPTIONAL ACCESSORIES STANDARD ACCESSORIES
Assembly Assembly ILLUSTRATED PARTS DIAGRAM
PU076002B Blower Iron PU62401513 Latch REPLACEMENT PARTS LIST ACHLG ACDGKEP ACGGK Three PUCBG Blower ACGGK Ash PUCGEP PUCHA Cartridge Heater PU4C442 Blower ACHLS Switch CUVS of WC Switch CU047042 RPM PUCBEP CAAMPP Iron CAAC Coupler IP25EP PUECCEP Cleanout PUBPCEP PUBPEP CA40 PUAFEP ACGSEP PUSKEP Surround PUSPSEP PUITEP Top and Rear Plate PUAPEP Ash ACG40 Three ACG41 Three CURG ACCFBEP ACLSEP Not Shown PUVH High Hose Not Shown ACSHN Not Shown ACSH Not Shown PUEDIC Insulation Not Shown
LIMITED FIVE YEAR WARRANTY From the of purchase to the The the following and seams the firebox covered years splitting. The and covered years cracking. One such as the burn-pot, and covered cracking, and accessory items, and the painted of the covered year from the of purchase. Conditions and from warranty. This warranty apply of operation, or unauthorized or attempted to The indirect, or with the including or or service of malfunction or breach of written or warranty and excluded. to the of fire and the of which the Works warranty to the allow the of of or the apply to
Procedure Purchaser of of within the warranty and to and from service the The from which the purchases or the factory, option, the warranty service. Other Rights This warranty rights; other rights, which from to Please This warranty and the attached warranty AND of the within thirty from the of purchase. Warranty
WARRANTY REGISTRATION Works Purchaser Information I. Purchased II. III. City_______________________State________Zip IV. Telephone V. Information VI. Purchased From VII. VIII. City_______________________ Unit Information to the the back of the or to this section. IX. Purchase X. Purchase XI. Purchase first hear about (Please Word of Mouth Demonstration____ Other: Where information about Telephone____ of Other:
This information MUST this warranty to Please this information within thirty from the of purchase. of these three easy to warranty information Notice Works, Inc. Customer Service P.O. Twenty-four hours warranty