INSTALLATION OPERATION MANUAL CAUTION Please this and of this burning and from heating SAFETY NOTICE to follow these instructions property or death. and protection, follow the instructions outlined this building or fire officials about and installation inspection (including EVOLUTION PELLET STOVE 25-EP 55-SHPEP 55-TRPEP SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS 25-EPI 55-SHPEPI 55-TRPEPI
IMPORTANT: IF YOU HAVE PROBLEM WITH THIS UNIT, DO NOT RETURN IT TO THE DEALER. CONTACT TECHNICAL SUPPORT The or with the combustion the Installation section of this to installations. with the and (HUD), CFR NOTE: NOT WARNING: of combustion with this with the and tightly latched operation. Works as of heat. of Purchase_______________________ of This information found the to the of the this information phone the factory or this
Introduction Introduction Specifications Heating Specifications EPA Installation Clearances to Introduction Additional Information o Through the Wall o Through the o Existing Chimney............13 Protection Started Lighting Thermostat Thermostat o Notes o Ash o Cleaning the o Notes o TABLE OF CONTENTS Monthly o Notes o Chamber o Yearly o Notes o Blower o Convection Blower o o Checking Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Motor................................47 Convection Blower Combustion Blower Switch Board..............................51 Optional Thermostat Warranty Warranty Warranty
Thank purchasing this from Englands Works! Works started, and by, family that strongly It Yourself thats reason found this It Yourself and that homeowner their with and than to to the as easily and as inexpensively as while to efficiently, heat from Please section and Technical with nearly to through repairs, or other that years of and heating, VERYONE AT NGLAND TOVE ORKS Please While information obtained from and through Technical free of charge, there service charge incurred with repairs or that This of the freestanding 25-EP, including the 55-SHPEP, 55-SHPEPL and 55-TRPEP. It the fireplace 25-EPI, 55-SHPEPI and 55-TRPEPI. of the to the 25-EP otherwise specified. INTRODUCTION
SPECIFICATIONS Heating Specifications Heat hours Footage Heated*** Capacity pounds EPA and Specifications EPA Certified Efficiency* Tested To UL ULC S627, ASTM This tested efficiency; the shown normally burning Heat burn and heavily the type of the as such, these The heating of this greatly based insulation and of other factors. this information with BTU to this FREESTANDING DIMENSIONS
SPECIFICATIONS FIREPLACE INSERT DIMENSIONS Unit Height o Unit o Unit o to o to o Unit o Unit o Surround Height o Surround o o (Rear) o Height o o The fireplace apply to and reference only. the with knowledge of fits fireplace and to the to precisely this
WARNING or or other and the vicinity of this or other Not If to feed warranty. Comply with clearances to as specified. to comply house fire. Tested and other warranty. Installation, section choosing location there of factors that should account the To the should location where of the of through the Heat Flow location the the heat throughout the where the heat; installations often allow heat to flow to the and top allow heat to reach the below. that heat and the of least while Location the to they allow easy and AC-3000 If there feasible to the there the through the roof, they to costly they the of and often Wall Construction Locating the that the simplify the and the to sections of the to the thimble. FREESTANDING INSTALLATION
Clearances to Unit Clearances to Rear Corner IN. IN. IN. IN. IN. MM. MM. MM. MM. MM. WARNING INSTALL VENT AT CLEARANCES SPECIFIED BY THE VENT MANUFACTURER. HOT! burns or clothing and other operation. CAUTION children the as this and to the of high NOT with protective or clothing, and other MUST comply with and and building, fire officials or authorities about inspection, and FREESTANDING INSTALLATION
Introduction This operates which combustion through the burn and the to the and of the This with the following of the with the performance, property or death. Works incurred to or installation. If to the of the Technical official to and fire and about to the NFI to the ALWAYS adherence with the instructions and clearances included with DO NOT this to which another DO NOT or other restrictive the of this USE thimble when through and when through ONLY or or PL DO NOT or SEAL each of with high AC- RTV3) to the AVOID and elbows, as both reduce the of the and performance. INCLUDE as as to from the from the of INSPECT to clear of fly-ash and other CLEAN the as the section of this WARNING HOT, and burns touched. Noncombustible shielding or required. FREESTANDING INSTALLATION
Additional Information and match from when assembling NOT from and thimble from another). of of to the which from the the of or combustion blower or shorter of to reduce frictional than should of terminate the directly beneath such as or Follow NFPA below termination location relative to and other the o NFPA Section Termination: The of mechanical other than (sealed combustion located with the following: Not than forced located within than below, from or or Not than from building and than when located to the termination and should of the below the termination. the termination height and such as or where the termination height sufficiently high to the termination of FREESTANDING INSTALLATION
Through the Wall Generally the through the AC-3000 (or the It allows the to to the and the clean-out the of the house, ease of cleaning. where the to the of the and the to the blower three screws. the to the of the house below the each with high RTV to the with the instructions If the three screws each the to combustion the included with or as the section, This type installations should professional or other the and section of the would the and the would through the thimble and then Please reference and to to as each installation. Please follow the clearances to and follow FREESTANDING INSTALLATION high installations the should increased from 3-inch to four-inch or PL and clearances to the strictly to. the thimble through and least the clearances to
Through the through the ceiling/roof the feasible option and factory recommended installation. Seal each with high RTV to the free with the instructions If the three screws each the to combustion the included with or as the section, This that the through the from the then to and terminates the this of this to follow the instructions Please reference and to to as each Please follow the clearances to and follow FREESTANDING INSTALLATION high installations the should increased from 3-inch to four-inch or PL and clearances to the strictly to. the through as as the firestops, shields, flashing and to follow the height of termination the and least the clearances to where the to the of the and the to the using three screws.
Existing Chimney existing or factory built the only other this If connecting this to factory built chimney, ONLY UL103 HT to other factory built poorly operating or installation. connecting to existing the cross-sectional of the considered. with than round with where the to the of the and the to the blower three screws. each with high RTV to the with the instructions If the three screws each the to combustion the included with or as the section, Please reference and to to as each installation. Please follow the clearances to and follow FREESTANDING INSTALLATION high the should increased from 3-inch to four-inch or PL the existing the when transitioning from the to the or factory built thimble and that the sealed tightly to both the and the existing existing (A inspection highly recommended). Also, the the NFPA (A professional this inspection).
with installations this the of combustion and MUST used. Please the section information The MUST to the of the and the the of the this The MUST grounded with grounding (or terminated each with NEC grounded follow clearances the section of this AND follow the clearance Similarly, the with (HUD) CFR as as THE STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY OF THE MANUFACTURED HOME FLOOR, WALL AND CEILING/ROOF MUST BE MAINTAINED. FREESTANDING INSTALLATION DO NOT INSTALL IN SLEEPING ROOM. NEVER combustion from: Wall, or cavity. Enclosed such as or high installations the should increased from 3-inch to four-inch WARNING CAUTION
The of combustion the 25-EP. The from the rear of the the included to to combustion Instructions and the to the to included with the If feasible to the included other used, the following followed: o The with thickness of or and of approximately o and should sealed with or other mechanical to free o of and should to frictional performance. o or other protection the termination to and from the o Increase the to the than length, than or the The should inspected least annually to free from OUTSIDE AIR HOOK-UP NEVER combustion from: Wall, or cavity. such as or
The 25-EP the to If the the already protection (although aesthetic reasons). using protector, that this heavy induce heating and cooling the which and and The should UL or and Since the of the heat from this the to ashes and from the hearth NOT hearth The least from the front, and of the 25-EP, as shown the below: the USA, that the beneath the recommended. that the and of AND/OR directly FREESTANDING FLOOR PROTECTION *THIS CONCLUDES THE FREESTANDING INSTALLATION SECTION.
Installation, section Assembly the and cooled o or operated with o wrench with and Included Conversion o Surround Top o Surround o Surround Right o o Right o Rear Plate Assembly Instructions the and the screws the rear of the which the and to the These screws or wrench. Once these screws the and back of the and these the of this Next, the the front of the and the screws the of the once these screws the off of the and This the of this the Rear Plate Assembly, which included the This preassembled with the cover and hinges. It the the Rear Plate Assembly the top of the the assembly the and that the as template. Without the or to location of the cover FIREPLACE INSERT INSTALLATION
FIREPLACE INSERT INSTALLATION Assembly the included screws to screw the Rear Plate to the of the while holding the to the of or of this of the required. or wrench, of the from the this the and to the closing tightly. If the Next, the these the as the screw the to the the screws this the surround and the screws the the These screws should through the surround the and then the Next, the top surround the screws the top of the Rear through the of the surround top where the of the surround. the first, and then, using or wrench, the screws the top of the Rear or wrench, the screws which the mounting to the The wires which the to the intentionally that the remounted to the right surround without the four that the to the These located the of the and and wrench. ONCE THESE BOLTS ARE LOOSENED AND REMOVED, THE UNIT IS FREE FROM THE PEDESTAL AND CAN FALL, CAUSING INJURY. BE CAREFUL WHEN REMOVING THESE BOLTS AND HAVE HELPER WHEN LIFTING THE STOVE FROM THE PEDESTAL.
Clearances to WARNING INSTALL VENT AT CLEARANCES SPECIFIED BY THE VENT MANUFACTURER. HOT! burns or clothing and other operation. CAUTION the as this children and to the of high NOT with protective or clothing, and other MUST comply with and and fire officials or authorities about inspection, and FIREPLACE INSERT INSTALLATION Unit Clearances to Clearance to Mantle (A) (B) MM. MM. IN. IN.
Introduction This operates which combustion through the and the to the and of the This with the following of the with the performance, property or death. Works incurred to or installation. If to the of the Technical official to and fire and about to the NFI to the installation. ALWAYS with the instructions and clearances included with DO NOT this to which another DO NOT or other restrictive the of this ONLY or INSTALL block-off plate the throat of the fireplace SEAL each of with high AC- RTV3) to the AVOID and as both reduce the of the and performance. INCLUDE as as to from the from the of INSPECT often to clear of fly-ash and other CLEAN as the section of this WARNING HOT, and burns touched. Noncombustible shielding or FIREPLACE INSERT INSTALLATION
Additional Information The of challenging and knowledge of that the homeowner to this, Works highly this professionally this the homeowner, follow the below: and match from when assembling NOT from and termination from another). FULL when this as o or shorter, used. o or used. high installations than this with only. flow to the high and performance and burn. combustion connected, the through the clean-out of the fireplace, OR the to the top of the More information to found the section, FIREPLACE INSERT INSTALLATION
Chimney specifically follow the the section the High RTV the to the hose or other mechanical The to the top of the and terminated (as shown or through the the of fireplace. Please reference only and to to as each Please follow and the clearances to FIREPLACE INSERT INSTALLATION the the to the outlet of the to the the throat of the with block-off plate screwed to the of the the top of the the Top Plate the (or, installations, the top plate from High RTV to the top and If the should with three screws.
The of combustion the 25-EP The from the of the the included to to combustion Instructions and the to the to included with the from which terminates the top of the or through the fireplace The choice the which the shortest of If feasible to the included installation, other the following followed: o The with thickness of or and of o and should sealed with or other mechanical to o of and should to frictional performance. o or other protection the termination to and from the o Increase the to the than length, than or the The should inspected least to free from OUTSIDE AIR HOOK-UP NEVER combustion from: Wall, or cavity such as or
The 25-EPI hearth the hearth of the fireplace the from the front of Follow the below to the hearth If the fireplace hearth enough to this hearth (which and specifically this used. hearth should U.L. listed, or and the of the heat from this the hearth to ashes and from the hearth NOT hearth FLOOR PROTECTION Protection From IN. IN. MM. MM. *THIS CONCLUDES THE FIREPLACE INSERT INSTALLATION SECTION Unit
Started to that the clean and free from to this to to the from BEFORE first fire, the the ON with the initiate the o Once the ON pressed, should immediately hear the and continuously. o about three to the of the the of the burn to operating normally. o the switch the of this with and to that the Release the switch and that the DO NOT PUT YOUR FINGERS IN THE HOPPER OR NEAR THE ROTATING AUGER about the should E-2 the (More information found the section of this At this the and heating ready operation. Lighting this to the first with the using the flush-mount and the directly the DAILY OPERATION PFI Certified the PFI of and high BTUs, and and
The 25-EP softwood and and although the slightly appearance or both of burn cleanly and efficiently this The 25-EP with the input to light the of the On Shortly the On the appear the heat and blower of the board. This the the and operating normally. The and combustion the board, the heat although the Heat to fire initiated. the fire should burning brightly and the should from the board. At this the operation and the the empty, the Heat or Blower Notes high quality, should this with high the to with and to become shorter. Please the section of this thoroughly to selection affects operation, and cleaning. the height which the the burnpot. Although the height increase and operation, the of the relatively and there of efficiency. CAUTION NEVER USE GASOLINE, GASOLINE-TYPE LANTERN FUEL, KEROSENE, CHARCOAL LIGHTER FLUID, OR SIMILAR LIQUIDS TO START OR FRESHEN UP FIRE IN THIS HEATER. KEEP ALL SUCH LIQUIDS WELL AWAY FROM THE HEATER WHILE IN USE. ADDITIONALLY, NEVER APPLY FIRE-STARTER TO ANY HOT SURFACE OR EMBERS IN THE STOVE.
The this allows the to the heat and blower the and off, and function The the board Feed, and to operation of the These factory and should the To the and initiate fire, the On The LED the should and the board should S U shortly the To the the The LED the should and the should S shortly the This initiates the and the cooled To increase the heat of the the heat The the heat increase, that the the heat to The blower increase the amount as the heat because the to with the blower than or to the heat Pressing the Down arrow the heat and To increase the blower without increasing the heat the Blower arrow the blower shown the Pressing the Down arrow the blower however the board allow the blower to than the heat CONTROL BOARD SETTINGS
or that appear the Heat and Blower of the the the boards of the user that something isnt operating correctly within the and that the should inspected reigniting. the Trouble-Shooting information E-0 this the (typically when restarting shutdown), there currently and the operation. E-1 This this If it displayed the board please Technical and they the of the E-2 this the board to light. Although the ignited the the board high enough to the fire If fire ignited, the to cool, the and the E-3 This the allowable exceeded. Commonly to as the E-3 something the causing the to than expected. E-4 This displayed based the This the fire or of It from the empty. If to the or other about and what they please Technical ERROR CODES
If the to the approximately three or the operation when to the following Units State State If the than (approximately) three the OFF when IMPORTANT NOT the or the to the the and to reduce the chance of combustion byproducts the the to and then the ON to the necessary. Press the and the completely cool BEFORE the and or of shock service. POWER FAILURE ON Shut-Down Shut-Down OFF OFF Shock
Thermostat the and the back of the the thermostat J18, the of the board, the below and of this It from the factory. This the thermostat and should the screws screwdriver and the the thermostat wires of the and the screws. the back and mount the thermostat; the board reads the thermostat and ready thermostat operation. THERMOSTAT OPERATION thermostat wires (J18)
Thermostat Operation The 25-EP to both and thermostat While the board heating the the heat of the the thermostat allows the to and shutdown which house and The 25-EP connected to thermostat PU-DTSTAT) or wireless thermostat AC-3003). Although thermostat the properly, the wireless thermostat the of from anywhere the house. THERMOSTAT OPERATION: This with that allows options thermostatic operation: The from the factory On/Off which the and off when the heat or The second, or High/Low burns whichever heat the the heat which the to the heat To the the High/Low the and back then and both appears the heat and blower The High/Low this to back to On/Off appear the heat and blower thermostat On/Off shorten the of Please to this; this please Technical to the thermostat the location; the thermostat the to overheat the located the thermostat the of the which Although heat and blower thermostat the specifically thermostat heat and THERMOSTAT OPERATION o Heat thermostat operating o Heat thermostat operation or poorly insulated homes.
Notes with concerning this the OFF and completed the Shut-Down BEFORE that the firebox HOT the fire and EVEN the Shut-Down when think they should cold. Ashes should when the shut-down and allowed to cool thoroughly. ashes the fire when ashes from this (or ashes with tight and this amounts of and the the when first operating the as as whenever of burned. While the amount of this to the and free of ESSENTIAL performance and efficiency. Ash build-up reduces efficiency, and back. Works incurred to poorly and/or This highly and, as such, to operating its of Ashes Ashes should with tight The closed of ashes should or the ground, from If the ashes of or otherwise locally they should retained the closed thoroughly cooled. DAILY MAINTENANCE
Ash and Press the and allow the to the shut-down and cool completely. the heat cleaning located the of the and repeatedly and from the the firebox. NOTE The heat the which heat from the fire the them free of to high efficiency operation of the of the of the firebox, the of the already the the of the and or to from around the the below. screwdriver or to the burnpot, to them from the burnpot and allow them to the build-up the performance Cleaning the Turn the counterclockwise releases and the of the the ashes (as and them to allow to cool the back the the clockwise, catches the the The ready to operation. the ALWAYS properly the tight around the operation of the DAILY MAINTENANCE
Cleaning the with ashes from the cleaning the burnpot the other of that the operating its amounts of and that the higher amounts of these therefore to burnpot. Allowing to the the to the fire, dirty, burn. Instructions allow the to the and cool completely the firebox. the of the and the straight and of the WARNING The HOT the fire wear protective whenever burnpot. Once the of the screwdriver or knife, as previously mentioned, the from the of the burnpot. clear and screwdriver or scratch from these orifices. from the of the and from the top of the the below. the top of of allowing the to air-tight with the top of the the burnpot back the the of the DAILY MAINTENANCE
Notes with concerning this the OFF, completed the Shut-Down and completely cool BEFORE that the firebox HOT the fire and EVEN the Shut-Down when think they should cold. should include the this section AS WELL AS the the previous section. of to increased build-up the and the the first the location of build-up as as the cleanings. Although specifically this section, the and both the and should inspected to previously mentioned, airtight to operation. using type clean-out the with of from blown the the completely cool and that ALL ashes cool Clean-out and other to these inspected BIWEEKLY MAINTENANCE
the cleaner, as the section, to the heat free from ash; however, the shelf and other areas. The firebox free floating which reduces thermal the and easily cleaning. the by: the of the the where fly-ash the firebox shelf clear. The of highly fly-ash from through the and the chamber. BEFORE the the inspect the heat and, necessary, to the fly-ash from the the the using the of the The of the the intentionally tight; however, force to the If the without using force, the from the firebox and trying to back the firebox. BIWEEKLY MAINTENANCE o the the of the o the the back of the o the and of its the firebox shelf. o Allowing the to to the and then and of the through the
Notes with concerning this the OFF, completed the Shut-Down and completely cool BEFORE that the firebox HOT the fire and EVEN the Shut-Down when think they should cold. Monthly should include the this section AS WELL AS the the and monthly cleanings the that the burning which operated continuously monthly cleanings than which as heat. of monthly that it should each ton of OR once month, whichever first. If found the chamber or monthly the cleanings should reduced to the of performance to MONTHLY MAINTENANCE
Chamber Cleaning The chamber of the intentionally as Allowing to build-up the combustion blower and the the chamber easily the chamber clean-out located the firebox. Instructions the chamber AFTER cleaning the firebox shelf and heat cleaning them the chamber. wrench, the screws which each of the clean-out covers The cleanout covers located the back of the firebox, the the cleanout covers from the firebox and BEFORE the chamber the type and of build-up. The the chamber should light, or white and should higher than the clean-out type cleaner, as this the of the of hose attached to the of the and reaching the which the clean-out Once from the chamber, the cleanout covers, using the screws previously to the screws to sufficiently the cleanout covers, them, as to the screw. MONTHLY MAINTENANCE o If the or of combustion. o NOT allow the to higher than about the cleanout this the combustion blower and performance.
Cleaning and the (such as and fly-ash INSPECT these to the operating the type of connected to, to the clean-out cover and the to fly-ash specifically cleaning the where bought this as as hearth of such as from the the to the and should inspected and brushed clean. the termination to or restricted fly-ash thoroughly cleaning the reseal seams with high AC-RTV3) to Inspect seams that to prolonged the usually found searching fly-ash the of the the and them accordingly. Although to fly-ash cleaning the of and sections that It that this concern, operating to operation. MONTHLY MAINTENANCE
Notes with concerning this the OFF, completed the Shut-Down and completely cool BEFORE that the firebox HOT the fire and EVEN the Shut-Down when think they should cold. Yearly (or of season) should include the this section AS WELL AS the the and Monthly sections of this Yearly should the of the burning season. Leaving and other build-up the the non-heating months to the and to and to thorough the of season cleaning increase the operating of the and and Fly Ash: Formation and The products of combustion of ash. The the and the flow of the combustion, such as that which shutdown or incorrect operation of the heater to formation which the The should inspected least once every year to cleaning necessary. Shock Press the and the completely cool BEFORE the and or YEARLY MAINTENANCE of shock service.
Blower Cleaning Although the blower and blower housing to build-up, fly-ash there throughout the burning season. The amount and type of the type of and this If, when cleaning the of fly-ash found, cleaning the blower and housing should monthly or bimonthly to this Instructions the cleaning the and thoroughly cooled the o the three screws the of the the the blower (the when facing the front of the the fireplace o to the combustion blower, the to least from the fireplace (or alternatively, the surround and to the blower). the from the blower enough that to the from the the wires which the to the blower the YEARLY MAINTENANCE o The to the front of the the back of the from the the head of the screw the of the the back of the o the straight back, it and when pulled back further, from the the should off of the o Once the the blower clearly
and the screw, the top of the blower which the thermal to the blower. the screws which the blower to the blower The screws easily through the the necessary to reach of the screws. the blower and of the The which the blower to the blower when the blower. when though, easy to tear this and airtight to this PU-CBG) the blower With the blower to the blower and from the of the blower, and from the blower Inspect the blower and that cooling the and of the and the as to the of the AND to the thermal to the top of the blower outlet the Unit
Convection Blower Cleaning the cool and servicing within the Since the blower by-products of combustion, serious cleaning the blower. However, from the and other the the of the blower. The blower located the of the the combustion blower, and while the from the the the the from the fireplace), the blower should inspected build-up. that built the easily with or Cleaning from the and the type and of the of fines and the The lowest of the the back of the where With the off, and with the empty, to the fines from the If the fines from the top of the the o both the the Blower section, found of this the fireplace o The to least partially from the (or alternatively, the surround and the assembly the of the and once found, the screws of the mounting wrench, the screw of the mounting With hand, the assembly of the enough that the to from this the assembly and the screws; the back and the to the screws the of the YEARLY MAINTENANCE o Next, the back to of the then the and off of the
Checking airtight the and to performance. these dirty, serious threat. of this, should the the and the the location where the the Tighten the latching and to the If the and easily, the to replaced. This should repeated around the as tightly and poorly another this around the of the and If the the should replaced. The to the found the section the of this should with purchased from Englands Works specifically this Instructions and the and found the instructional DVD accompanying this the YEARLY MAINTENANCE
WARNING: To ELECTRICAL SHOCK the from the BEFORE If this the or Technical turning or house the with or hose thermal Tighten blower operating board operating blower. blower. blower. Inspect and blower. buildup. Thoroughly clean PFI Blown High or or another brand. Obstruction Blower clean, and blower. blower. both or TroubleShooting and blower. Blower higher than heat causing to cool and blower to Exposed or and shorting. and or blower
screw. screw Technical "E1" On Unit with "E2" board. "E3" Convection blower blower function, necessary. Partially "E4" of Notes: Whenever instructed to check/replace the or cracked Also, the the firebox clean. To and clear the board, the "ON" and the should the and If about the of or PLEASE thermal both of thermal blower and board). Heat to fire started. to light or other than ONLY this The empty. the with and the The the too the shortest when The switch the when the or combustion "E4" Blower too high, the with the cooling firebox too and heat the
the and thoroughly cooled Also, the to or the assembly. the and back as this the Blower section the the the from the fireplace enough to to the the rear, of the the from the the assembly the of the and the screws of the the assembly of the enough that the screw, which the to the accessed. this screw the free from the assembly. Next, the four screws which the to the wrench. the and the plate off of the the screw which the to the and the as as the the the to the which the to the REPLACING COMPONENTS
Convection Blower the and thoroughly cooled the right as this the Blower section. The to least partially from the fireplace (or alternatively, the surround and to the blower). the blower from the the four screws which to the shroud of the and the four screws which the blower to the the blower from the of the blower of to the blower to the the REPLACING COMPONENTS Combustion Blower the and thoroughly cooled the as previously the from the the from the blower, and the blower from the harness. and the thermal screw the top of the outlet wrench. and screws which the blower to the blower Once the screws the blower and of the the of the however to the of the blower and necessary.
Switch the and thoroughly cooled the right and the back as the as shown the below. the and hose from the of where the screws which the to the wrench. the of the wires and hose connected to the this REPLACING COMPONENTS the and thoroughly cooled the right and the back as previously the as shown the below. the from the and wrench to the screw. the screw and the the the the screw and the assembly the to the wires to the board reassembly.
IMPROPER GASKET MAINTENANCE, INCLUDING FAILURE TO REPLACE GASKETS, CAN CAUSE AIR LEAKS RESULTING IN SMOKE-BACKS. Combustion Blower This painted with High-Temperature that should its years. If the should and appear, the with and repainted. It that High-Temperature AC-MBSP), as others to the or withstand the high Similarly, of to of highly High-Temperature This three AC-G40 AC-G41 the included with purchased directly from Works. scratches this becomes cracked the should and the with bought from Works. with or other type of REPLACING COMPONENTS o This with around the that should least years. To the AC-DGKEP), the first to the to the from the Once the and the should closed and latched twenty-four to allow the to o If the PU-GGK), the already the the and the around the of the the the the U o The Combustion Blower PU-CBG) should inspected whenever or the Combustion Blower and necessary.
The PU-CBEP) read-out board. This offers of to the The right should to the board The from the the screws and the board back to the this Board. NOTE: The three buttons the factory and the Operation section of the instructions Recommended Heat Heat Blower Heat Blower High: Heat Blower High Heat Blower NOTE: Blower to the Heat that select. REPLACING COMPONENTS
Press the and the completely BEFORE the and or of shock service. WIRING DIAGRAM PU-CBEP
Wall Thermostat (PU-DTSTAT) this thermostat allows the 25-EP to the as The shut-down and relight as the heat and This the house while conserving Thermostat (AC-3003) The thermostat the 25-EP the of thermostat further allowing from anywhere the The thermostat allows from wherever and only AA to (PU-LSEP) of the 25-EP the which included with The the firebox and of fire. The other than the of fly-ash, which accomplished with the cleaning of the The heat the fire should with fire to injury. The top of the the accomplished the and of the The somewhat and should to or with however, the from and should The of fire and the with which the highly to therefore, Works warranty to the OPTIONAL ACCESSORIES STANDARD ACCESSORIES
ILLUSTRATED PARTS DIAGRAM FREESTANDING Assembly Assembly and
ILLUSTRATED PARTS DIAGRAM INSERT
PUHLG ACDGKEP ACGGKEP Three PUCBG Blower ACGGK Ash PUCGEP PUCHA Cartridge Heater PU076002B Blower PU4C442 Blower ACHLSB Switch CUVS of WC Switch CU047042 RPM PUCBEP Iron CAAMPP Iron CAAC Coupler IP25EP PUECCEP Cleanout PUBPCEP PUBPEP CA40 PUAFEP ACGSEP PUBREP and PUSKEP Surround PURAPEP Rear Access PUSPSEP PUEPRCP and Plates PUITEP Top and Rear Plate PUAPEP Ash ACG40 Three ACG41 Three CURG ACCFBEP ACLSEP Not Shown PUVH High Hose Not Shown PU62401513 ACSHN Shown ACSH Not Shown PUEDIC Insulation Not Shown REPLACEMENT PARTS LIST
You write and the this reference. This shows the info. such as UL testing officials, or who reference information.
LIMITED FIVE YEAR WARRANTY From the of purchase to the The the following and seams the firebox covered years splitting. The and covered years cracking. One Year such as the burn-pot, and covered cracking, and accessory items, and the painted of the covered from the of purchase. Conditions and from warranty. This warranty apply of installation, operation, or unauthorized or attempted to The indirect, or with the including or or service of malfunction or breach of written or warranty and excluded. to the of fire and the of which the Works warranty to the allow the of of or the apply to
Procedure Purchaser of of within the warranty and to and from service the The from which the purchased or the factory, option, the warranty service. Other Rights This warranty rights; other rights, which from to Please This warranty and the attached warranty AND of the within thirty from the of purchase. Warranty
WARRANTY REGISTRATION Works Purchaser Information I. Purchased II. III. City_______________________State________Zip IV. Telephone V. Information VI. Purchased From VII. VIII. City_______________________ Unit Information to the the back of the or to this section. IX. Purchase X. Purchase XI. Purchase first hear about (Please Word of Mouth Demonstration____ Other: Where information about Telephone____ of Other:
This information MUST this warranty to Please this information within thirty from the of purchase. of these three easy to warranty information Notice Works, Inc. Technical P.O. Twenty-four hours warranty