MicroMMAC-T
Notice Networks the right to and other information this without The should Networks to whether such The firmware, or software this to without IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERASYS NETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS MANUAL OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, EVEN IF ENTERASYS NETWORKS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNOWN, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. tested its software with However, strongly to write and then that the Licensed Software, to with which or to the that the Licensed Software Copyright rights Printed the United States of P.O. NH NetSight and E7 of SPECTRUM BRIM DNI FNB INA Integrated Network Architecture LANVIEW LANVIEW Access and TRMM and Bridge/Router Interface BRIM-A100 CRBRIM-W/E CRXMIM CXRMIM Network Interface Distributed LAN Distributed Network DLM DNSMIM E1000 E2000 E3000 EFDMIM EMM-E6 EMME EPIM EPIM-3PS EPIM-A EPIM-C EPIM-F1 EPIM-F2 EPIM-F3 EPIM-T EPIM-T1 EPIM-X ESXMIM ETSMIM ETWMIM FDCMIM-04 FDCMIM-08 FDMMIM FDMMIM-04 Network FOMIM FORMIM IRBM IRM IRM-2 IRM-3 Interface MIM MMAC MMAC-3 MMAC-3FNB MMAC-5 MMAC-5FNB MMAC-8 MMAC-8FNB MMAC-M8FNB MRX MRXI MRXI-24 NB20E NB25E NB30 NB35 NBR-220/420/620 RMIM Switch Switching SFS SFPS SPECTRUM SPECTRUM SPIM-A SPIM-C SPIM-F1 SPIM-F2 SPIM-T SPIM-T1 TPMIM TPMIM-22 TPMIM-T1 TPRMIM TPRMIM-36 TPT-T TRBMIM TRMM-2 TRMMIM and TRXI of Inc.
Apple, and and Apple Access and EtherTalk of Apple Computer, Inc. of American Conversion ST and C++ of AT&T and VINES of Inc. ciscoSystems, and AGS+ and Router, CRM, IGS, and MGS of Inc. and GatorPrint, GatorShare, GX-M, and of Inc. CompuServe of CompuServe Incorporated of Inc. CTERM, and ULTRIX and DEC, DEC C++, DECstation, VAX DOCUMENT, VMA, and VT of Corporation and ASX-100 of Inc. PC/TCP of FTP Software, Inc. HP of Inc. AIX, IBM, OS/2, and PS/2 and AT, PC, PC-DOS, PC/XT, AT, RISC and Workplace Shell of International Corporation and and of Corporation Microsoft, MS-DOS, and of Microsoft Corporation Chameleon, ChameleonNFS, Chameleon and NEWT of NETMANAGE, Inc. NetWare and and Internetwork (IPX), IPX, and Network (NFS) of Inc. and MS and Software Foundation, OSF, OSF/1, and OSF/Motif of The Software Foundation, Inc. Graphics and IRIS and and IRIX of Graphics, Inc. NFS, PC-NFS, SPARC, Microsystems, and Workstation and OpenWindows, SPARCstation, SPARCstation IPC, SPARCstation IPX, and of Microsystems, Inc. OPEN LOOK and UNIX of Unix Inc. NS, Network and XNS of Corporation ANNEX, ANNEX-II, ANNEX-3, ANNEX-802.5, MICRO-ANNEX-XL, and MICRO- ANNEX-ELS of Inc. and of Inc.
Restricted Rights Notice (Applicable to to the United States Government only.) or the Government to as forth of the Rights Technical and Software DFARS New Hampshire This software submitted with restricted rights. It used, reproduced, or the Government as of this Notice or as otherwise stated the This software Notwithstanding the this software published copyrighted software, to the Government, without prohibitions, with the rights forth of this other rights or the or of this software to stated or incorporated the This Notice reproduction of this software, whole or Used or or with the or which including Government to which such or Used or which (archives) or or combined with other software, that the combined, or of the software incorporating restricted software to the restricted rights; Disclosed to and service with through of this the Government such or to these restricted rights; and Used or or to
Introduction to this related software MicroMMAC-T firmware to the NetSight the MicroMMAC-T this to as reference NetSight the MicroMMAC-22T/24T and MicroMMAC-42T/44T. The MicroMMAC-22T/24T and MicroMMAC-42T/44T that front and optional Bridge Router Interface (BRIM that the MicroMMAC-T with and routing the to the IEEE and the flexibility to of or active RJ45 STP or UTP of the functionally the them the of the front the MicroMMAC-22T built-in active UTP RJ45 the MicroMMAC-24T built-in active UTP RJ45 the MicroMMAC-42T built-in active STP RJ45 and the MicroMMAC-44T built-in active STP RJ45 the MicroMMAC-Ts HubSTACK-IN and HubSTACK-OUT the rear of the as as four of STH with MicroMMAC-T, and the the MicroMMAC-T as This allows to the connectivity of the MicroMMAC-T to to the covered this functionally they to throughout the text as the MicroMMAC-T. the only the each the (MicroMMAC-24T, MicroMMAC-44T, and the of displayed, the MicroMMAC-24T shown. NOTE Chapter
Introduction This This NetSight the MicroMMAC-T, including: with and each Station Station and statistics the and stations (with both and graphical based counts, or beacon You should this thoroughly to NetSight the MicroMMAC-T. Each chapter this functionality or of functionalities of the MicroMMAC-T This information about software that directly from the information about functions that the NetSight platform, the NetSight and NetSight Introduction of related software and to the Chapter The MicroMMAC-T Chassis the of the MicroMMAC-Ts front and to the within the Chassis the of chassis-level such as the and the station, and and Chapter Statistics the Statistics, Statistics, Statistics, and Performance Graph selections the Network, Station, and of these selections slightly of the network information collected the MicroMMAC-T. Chapter instructions and that apply to stations or stations The Station and Station to these to topology, or graphical and to statistics and stations.
Related Software the Related that knowledge of IEEE type and their physical The MicroMMAC-T of to information about the features to through NetSight Other that include information related to the MicroMMAC-T Enterasys NetSight Enterasys NetSight Enterasys NetSight Remote Administration Enterasys NetSight Remote (RMON) Enterasys NetSight and Enterasys Network Troubleshooting Microsoft Corporations Microsoft information about the of the MicroMMAC-T, the NetSight interface of that to and that the of which they appear of of the appears below; that the information repeated the of and/or This Windows-compatible with buttons; three should the operation of the when following procedures this Procedures within the NetSight to these buttons as follows: Introduction
Introduction Software Right operations, this that the (primary) to used, and to activating or include instructions about which to instances which right (secondary) functionality instructions explicitly to right Also, where switching buttons the or instructions explicitly to both and right buttons. Instructions to operation include the following terms: to the without Clicking to the the indicated then and release the This commonly to or such as or buttons. Double-clicking to the the indicated then and release the This commonly to operation, such as from that there distinction and motion. Pressing to the the indicated then and the the action completed. It to operations. to the the while holding the It often operations to information from of the another, and to highlight
Common MicroMMAC-T Software The that appears the of allows to and terminate You to this to and them clicking or or appears that allows to and SET to those to this to each other once and the with the The text with information to the information concerning buttons, The buttons, the or commands that topic. topic (three Statistics... or associated with that topic. information the top of NetSight as Introduction
Introduction Software IP Showing Informational Text the of the The the the SNMP IP the IP this the IP to the IP assigned the MicroMMAC-T; they NetSight Location the location of the The location through the the SNMP MAC the MAC associated with the IP to the MicroMMAC-T This factory-set and NetSight The MAC the locally MAC appear this field. Location MAC
from This section of or while NetSight You the MicroMMAC-T buttons to information to the appear that on-screen that the of the and their associated and that implemented the associated From the from the Chassis to the Chassis as as the Chassis reference. to Chapter information the Chassis and Chassis of the NetSight the Microsoft facility; with this of to from the or Microsoft NOTE If technical related to NetSight the of the following hours Technical NH FTP: ftp.ctron.com anonymous BBS: 8N1: and NetSight to NetSight Technical the following Introduction
Introduction To information, to the the highest tested with NetSight to the from the NetSight group. If of firmware and the Technical Assistance NOTE
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis Information displayed the Chassis the Chassis The MicroMMAC-T Chassis the that immediately informs of the of MicroMMAC-T graphical of the front The Chassis displays the of the MicroMMAC-T. The Chassis as of to other MicroMMAC-T and which this and the following To the MicroMMAC-T Chassis of the following options: or tree the MicroMMAC-T to or or tree the once to the MicroMMAC-T to Select from the or the or or tree the right once to the MicroMMAC-T to On the to Chapter
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis Chassis Information Click the to the Chassis to the MicroMMAC-T Chassis Information The MicroMMAC-T Chassis graphic of the MicroMMAC-Ts front including which immediately informs of the and of and the MicroMMAC-T Chassis clicking of the chassis graphical (as this chapter), or the the top of the Chassis of the that to and the the hand to that clicking the location option. TIP The to which the currently displayed. Click to the the displayed
Information Chassis Information The around the the following information: IP The IP assigned to the MicroMMAC-T appears the title of the Chassis this field the IP to the MicroMMAC-T IP assigned This the of the MicroMMAC-T with the NetSight to temporary stand-by while to physical the that inactive this stand-by unknown established with the MicroMMAC-T. to off or the other reason). The amount of that the MicroMMAC-T the If this field the currently If or the this field MAC The physical associated with the IP to the MicroMMAC-T MAC hard-coded the and NetSight The MAC the locally MAC appear this field. Prom The of BOOT PROM the MicroMMAC-T. The of firmware the MicroMMAC-Ts FLASH The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis Chassis Information The 24-hour the internal clock. The the internal clock. You the and the and options the the and NOTE with NetSight displays and allows to with clicking of the MicroMMAC-T Chassis with and options, as as that apply to the The following displays the and where to to the
The The The Network Chassis Information The The MicroMMAC-T Chassis Additional FDDI) and/or options from the Chassis BRIM the MicroMMAC-T. These options the Bridge/Router Interface (BRIM) included NOTE The From the the Chassis the following selections: which displays containing of the The Station (active) (non-active) The MicroMMAC-T Chassis The The
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis Chassis Information and which allow to the MicroMMAC-Ts internal clock. the and Group... which allows to the MicroMMAC-T SNMP MIB II. to the SNMP further information. I/F Summary which statistics the each SNMP MIB II interface I/F Summary Information UPS... which that allows to attached to MicroMMAC-T; (UPS) Station Statistics... allows to statistics the MicroMMAC-Ts board station. Chapter Statistics allows to the station, including and location, the or the beacon recovery (ABRP), and the active You each MicroMMAC-T-managed Station which the MicroMMAC-T Chassis The The allows to the information that the text boxes the Chassis the of each as of the theoretical or of allows to of type or allows to the of the select. Assignment displays the FNB or the Network of each information the options this Selecting
Chassis Information The Network The first of this the active Network that the clicking the Network selection with the following Statistics... which the network-level Statistics Chapter Statistics information. Statistics... which the Statistics Chapter information. Performance Graph... which the Performance Graph Chapter which allows to the of the the network MicroMMAC-T; Chapter which allows to the MicroMMAC-T of Chapter Network Info... which allows to and information each MMAC; Network Information which the Chapter information. Station which allows to and the stations the currently Chapter The Station and Station Station which graphically the downstream neighbor from the currently MicroMMAC-T, and information stations the which allows to software the MicroMMAC-T; the The From the the to the MicroMMAC-Ts MIB information), Security, which allows to security the MicroMMAC-T), and the RMON that of These selections from the the top of the NetSight to included this thorough of the Security, and RMON The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis Chassis Information The The three selections: MIBS which the Chassis The Chassis Chassis which with information specifically related to using the Chassis and Chassis About Chassis which displays information the Chassis The each the MicroMMAC-T displayed the Chassis the following which the of selected which containing of the selected Station which allow to or the selected and which allow to or the selected These selections appear the which ring-in/out and which allow to or the selected board. and to which allows to the MicroMMAC-T to to its Boards to The The selections to the The with includes the following Statistics... which the Station Statistics showing performance and statistics the selected Chapter Statistics Statistics... which the Station Statistics Chapter which the station-level Chapter information. Performance Graph... which the Station Performance Graph. Chapter
Selecting Chassis Information Station of the following which allow to or the selected and which allows to or the selected and which allows to or the selected and which allow to switch the function of to that of ring-out The Clicking the which allows to the of the selected as as or the The offers the following selections: which the which allow to or the selected and Additional FDDI) and/or options from the Chassis BRIM the MicroMMAC-T. These options the Bridge/Router Interface (BRIM) included NOTE the Chassis each the MicroMMAC-T its below); to this of the options the as the following To the of Click the the top of the Chassis the appear. (and to the right, necessary) to the information to The text the information. The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis Chassis Information options If choose the text the of each the This reflects the connected to the to the theoretical or of You which or ENB BYP (bypassed), LNK or INS ON or OFF If selected the considered: ENB the there to that BYP (bypassed) the and there to that LNK when the and there to that INS when the and there to that If selected the considered: ON the OFF the If choose the offers the following options: Soft AC, Abort Congestion, FC, or The boxes the each active that what of that of the type that selected. Statistics of these types. Select of the options to what of the received each active the of the type selected. This reflects the of to that relation to the of the
Chassis Information NetSight the the Tools>Options from the NOTE to the NetSight information Assignment You Assignment If FNB the text their FNB the MicroMMAC-T, the FNB If the boxes their The R1 and ORPH (orphan). the Active when the active and Wrapped when there termination of the and rerouted to the path. The options incorporate the following the options or INS/ON, yellow ENB, BYP/LNK/OFF, and N/A the Assignment options FNB/R and ORPH. the selection, to the recently selected which incorporates its The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis The Chassis MIB theres one-to-one and MIB The which the MicroMMAC-Ts functionality both and IETF Chassis Information Cabletrons their functionality from of and IETF RFCs. Cabletrons the MicroMMAC-T their MIB of MIB grouping of MIB and each of MicroMMAC-T chassis information its information another that there one-to-one and MIB MIB might from and RFCs. The Chassis read-only that the and the MIB and, therefore, the functionality the currently To the Chassis Click the the top of the Chassis Click Supported Chassis to the graphical displays option the information about the physical characteristics of the MicroMMAC-T
the the Choosing the option from the that the selecting the option from the the MicroMMAC-T Chassis of the MicroMMAC-T-controlled HubSTACK. To type: Click the of the the HubSTACK. The appear. to text to the shown appear the type. If the selected Unknown appear the text Text to the performance and information the the Chassis with the to and operating properly. functions include the station, information, and the and and and and The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis Station Accessing the TR Station the Selecting from the the TR Station where the onboard station. To the TR Station from the Chassis Click the selection the the top of the chassis The appear. Click to highlight the selection. The TR Station appear. The TR Station allows to specify the that the on-board MicroMMAC-T its associated allows to or beacon recovery, and allows to the stations to become the active You the and physical (location), and the the recording and the reporting of The of the the MicroMMAC-T location, Physical (MAC) and IP and The TR Station
Station and Location the The Station text allows to to station. To the the Network the right of the the Network selection. Click the the Station text the Station appear. Station the Click OK The the text and then the MicroMMAC-T Click to the The Station Location text allows to assign the stations physical The stations physical assigned that to stations physical location. If assigned, the appear as MAC (such as active or the the process); reported the RMON Station the physical four-byte IP each of the from to To the location (physical the Network the right of the the selection. Click the the Station Location the Station Location appear. Station Location The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis Specifying Functions the the location, to the Click OK The location the and then the MicroMMAC-T Click to the You the Active and Recovery to the that the MicroMMAC-Ts The the the detected and recorded and the reported. Active You the MicroMMAC-Ts from active activating the Active field. Checking this the from active which as of the recovery initiated If the active function which currently as the active that as active the Recovery If the Recovery (ABRP) option the selected to its when high of that corrected recovery procedures. ABRP that to isolate the of the as as If of detected, the first the internal or to the turning each off to the clears. If the beaconing to the the MicroMMAC-T the In/Out the specified the Retry field the of specified the of to the beacon the network cleared. If the beaconing the specified of the In/Out If the beaconing when the In/Out off, then the internal to the The MicroMMAC-T individually each to the with the (as recovery bypass). the with the identified, the and that off the recovers The turned off the Once the failing
the identified, which turned off turned back The failing once beaconing the Once ABRP completed, the MicroMMAC-T to the workstation which the including: the beaconing its NAUN beacon type and/or bypassed that the beaconed You then the or This from which the To the beacon recovery and active the Network the right of the the Network selection. Click the the associated with the function. the that the selected function activated. If activating beacon recovery, to the of and the Retry seconds) clicking the and the the Allowable of and where the of and the indefinitely. Click OK To the the Network the right of the the Network selection. Click the the the type the the recording and the reporting of Click OK Recovery The Recovery option allows to the each of the MicroMMAC-T stations when or stations the process, which stations from the this option the MicroMMAC-T and the offending stations from the based the Neighbor MAC (NNI) the Active of four NNI the MicroMMAC-T the information the NNI with the The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis Network Information Selecting the the and Station MAC to the offending station. This option This firmware and only. NOTE At the Network Information and information each MicroMMAC-T-controlled You each the Network field. To the Network Information At the MicroMMAC-T Chassis the Network selection, then the Network to the Network Click Network Info... The Network Information appear. If there than information each using the Previous and Next buttons. the the MicroMMAC-T-managed The field to the of the Previous and Next buttons displays the selected of currently the of To the the Next reached the the Next to that To to the Previous The Previous when reach the first the MicroMMAC-T.
Network Information the The Network Information Network This field allows to to the selected to the and the the Boards This the of that the selected This field the of (including and the the currently selected that this count includes those stations the as the MicroMMAC-T, and those which of the MicroMMAC-Ts This field the of the that that this count includes those stations physically the as the MicroMMAC-T, and those which of the MicroMMAC-Ts This field the of the that and that this count includes those stations physically the as the MicroMMAC-T, and those which of the MicroMMAC-Ts The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis the count the of and the of and including those physically the Network Statistics Chapter NOTE of This the currently selected and the of the The the of selected the HubSTACK. To the Click the Index the The appear. to The appear. The The the MicroMMAC-T the currently selected The or which the
Accessing the the the assigned to the selected this clicking the and the Station The of the selected Station On The of the which currently that this count the of stations that actually connected and active. The of and Ring-out the selected that this include that to ring-out On The of and Ring-out that currently that this count the of that actually wrapped) and active. This field whether the through NetSight or to to Boards to information. If the selected of its own or the of connected through its appear the of the board This the only that displayed The the and of the selected and allows to the type and which those features. To the Click The pull-down appear. Click The appear. The following section the The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis the The The the following The the MicroMMAC-T the containing the selected the and type of the selected This field displays the and the MicroMMAC-T or the and that the selected occurred. This allows to the type of the This field apply to the MicroMMAC-T, and therefore grayed-out. This field allows to or the selected Devices that this the autowrap to as connected If the the the and the to the continuity of the
the and the and the If attaching that autowrap to that (or to third that its autowrap the the that the to though, once the the supported; the those the and the and repaired or disconnected from both If attaching that TRMIM-10R or 20R or TRC800 to that autowrap, the to the that the to though, once the the the To the type or shielded twisted or or the Click the selection. Click OK The allows to the and the internal clock selecting the and options from the To the Click the Chassis to the to and release. The appear. The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis (UPS) the the 24-hour highlighting the field to and using the and arrow buttons to the Click OK to changes, or to To the Click the Chassis to the to and release. The appear. the highlighting the field to and the and arrow buttons to the Click OK to or to with Year NetSight displays and allows to with NOTE MicroMMAC-T the of UPS supply) through the COM information the of UPS with the MicroMMAC-T, the MicroMMAC-T that included when purchased the You or the of the UPS connected to MicroMMAC-T the UPS Please that the UPS active currently UPS to MicroMMAC-T through the and correctly the SET UPS ID field. the SET UPS ID field UPS attached to the MicroMMAC-T, or of NetSight WARNING
Accessing the UPS the At the UPS the UPS ID type the supply to the MicroMMAC-T. You information concerning the UPS connected to MicroMMAC-T including: The amount of that UPS the The and The of the UPS You the of the to UPS, or the option to initiate of the To the UPS From the MicroMMAC-T Chassis the to the to UPS... and release. The UPS appear. The UPS The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis the UPS ID the and type of the UPS attached to the of the MicroMMAC-T. You assign this type the UPS to active. the UPS ID below, instructions the type UPS.) The type UPS the of hours that the UPS operating the the through the attached to the MicroMMAC-T. Battery the amount of Battery Capacity the of battery). the of the the UPS. The Unit OK The UPS Unit The UPS the self-test. the or UPS Battery The UPS UPS the Unit The UPS currently Please
the UPS ID the Option the Option the the You to the UPS ID typecode that the and of the UPS. To the UPS ID: Click the arrow to the SET UPS ID text appear. to highlight the UPS ID. the that included when purchased UPS the ID Click OK The UPS ID chosen appear the text and the UPS active. If UPS function this ID, the with the UPS to that chosen the UPS ID. If to the ID, follow the You the option to This the of and its battery. To the Click the The its The of the appear the text to the You the UPS to MicroMMAC-T through its COM as follows: Click the the of the UPS UPS disconnected. To OK or and then the UPS You the selection to software of the MicroMMAC-T. To the Click the Network selection the the top of the Chassis The Network pull-down appear. Click The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis and CAUTION the software the MicroMMAC-T. counters the MicroMMAC-T-managed to their and the the the MicroMMAC-T to information matched to and This the Recovery Process, when the MicroMMAC-T to match information beacon with physical locations it the and failing the MicroMMAC-T physically to the without as of the that the If this detected, the MicroMMAC-T physically the to to to the such as that the of this to the to which that attached, to that the MicroMMAC-T the If to the insertion; the MicroMMAC-T that which and the Also, other than whose function the MicroMMAC-T the of that and therefore to correctly stations than The allows to the of the selected and allows to or the To or selected Click the the Chassis The pull-down appear. Click The appear.
and the The Click the to the or the to off Click OK the selected or as to stations the MicroMMAC-Ts Trap Table when stations the the the MicroMMAC-T from ENB to INS) or themselves from the the from INS to ENB). these to reduce the amount of You NetSight to these selected station, that its activity. The Trap allows to the of the selected and allows to or the To or selected Click the the Chassis The pull-down appear. Click The Trap appear. The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis and the Boards to the The Trap Click the Trap to the or the Trap to off Click OK the selected or as You or selecting or from the To Click the the Chassis The appear. Click or as or the selected board. selecting to from the the to to its To to Click the the Chassis The pull-down appear. Click to to the appear, whether to the board to Click to or to to the Chassis
and and Station and the If selected the to to its that to the NetSight the to From the and the MicroMMAC-T Chassis and selected as as respectively. To or selected Click the Index the The pull-down appear. Click Station to the or Station to the The or as To or Click the the The appear. Click to the or to the The or as From the and the MicroMMAC-T Chassis and ring-in/out selected as as ring-in/out respectively. To or the Ring-in/Ring-out selected Click the the The pull-down appear. Click to the or to the The Ring-in/Ring-out or as The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis I/F Summary Information I/F Summary Information To or ring-in/out the MicroMMAC-T: Click the the ring-in/out The appear. Click to the or to the The or as The MicroMMAC-T the to switch the function of to that of ring-out the and options the that these options with station. To to ring-out Click the The pull-down appear. Click to the ring-out The converted the functionality of ring-out and as such the Chassis The as that of ring-out and the To the ring-out back Click the converted pull-down appear. Click to the functionality of the back to The I/F Summary option from the statistics the each network interface The to statistics that and each interface. To the I/F Summary From the the option from the Click to I/F Summary and release. The I/F Summary appear.
I/F Summary Information I/F Summary The I/F Summary of information about each interface as as statistics which each interfaces performance. The following information each interface: The field the amount of that the the The assigned to each interface the The type of the interface, distinguished the physical/link immediately below the text of the interface. Physical the physical or of the interface: or the or of the interface: or The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis Interface Performance Statistics/Bar I/F Summary Information The (and, where the accompanying to the right of the interface summary of interface performance. You the to and the which those displayed using the directly the interface as follows: the right-most field, the arrow and the which to the selected statistic: Counts or Rate when the selected Counts or Rate the Graph from the interface NOTE Once selected the the arrow the to the to that the options from this the selected. the statistics (and where refresh to the choice, as below. Counts The count of or transmitted the indicated interface counters counts the following Octets Octets the interface, including characters. (both and the interface and to higher-layer the interface that though them from to higher to the received the interface that that them from to higher-layer Unknown the interface that of unknown or Octets Octets transmitted the interface, including characters.
Interface I/F Summary Information transmitted, the of higher the interface to subnetwork (both and Outbound that the interface though that them from transmitted. reason to free the Outbound that the interface they The of the indicated interface the to the theoretical that interface type. further the following Octets The of received this interface, as of the theoretical Octets The of this interface, as of the theoretical this option, Graph field to the interface this field when the selected Rate The count the selected the The the as those Counts. to the Counts section, of each The Interface Statistics MIB-II interface information including counts both and and and information each interface. charts graphically statistics both and Unicast, and To the Interface Statistics the I/F Summary to the interface which to statistics. Click The I/F Statistics appear. The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis I/F Summary Information Interface You this information the I/F Statistics option the Chapter Statistics information. TIP Three informational appear the of the the interface the currently selected interface: the MAC (physical) of the selected interface. the interface type of the selected ethernet-csmacd. The of the the following and statistics; that the first four statistics graphically displayed the charts. Unicast the of to or from this interface that These statistics the chart,
I/F Summary Information Non-Unicast the of to or received from this interface that that than the The field includes count of those that These statistics the chart, the of which though they that would typically to free when the becomes this occurring routinely, that overwhelming the To this to or to or switches. These statistics the chart, the of received or transmitted that contained These statistics the chart, red. Unknown only) the of which because they created or only) the of the selected interface. only) the of currently from this interface. The amount of memory to and the the the the MicroMMAC-T to Transmitted only) the of this interface. of Statistics The statistics this of interface using the statistics to of interfaces activity To the of input To the of The MicroMMAC-T Chassis
The MicroMMAC-T Chassis I/F Summary Information Transmitted Transmitted To the of inbound and outbound Transmitted To the of inbound that To the of outbound that Transmitted the Interface which this the Interface Statistics offer or options. These options the Interface which the Group... from the to SNMP further information the and Interface NOTE
Statistics Statistics features; statistics, statistics, and performance statistics; statistics, statistics, and performance Statistics or Counts NetSight performance statistics from the Station, and The statistics include information, beacon statistics, counts, statistics, and statistics, and performance of the statistics allow to and statistics to and which statistics updated. The following sections these features. the located the of the Network, TR Station, and Station Statistics the which the statistics shown the collected. of this of buttons shown and Chapter
Statistics and Activity Statistics these buttons, choose whether to the statistics gathered the MicroMMAC-T restarted or statistics) the first the or from You the to information (from to hours, seconds) the clock the of the the Statistics below, the clock To choose or Click the the of the the the of statistics the MicroMMAC-T restarted or statistics) the first These from the and each Click the the of the the the count of statistics the These counts refreshed each Click the the of the the the count of statistics the and then statistics with each thereafter another option chosen. Statistics activity chart. of this chart shown Statistics Chart The activity and their Indicates the of activity the Indicates the of activity the
the Statistics Statistics Indicates the of activity the Statistics the charts within the the clock the of the the Statistics below, the clock Information displayed the Statistics and Statistics updated (or, the the field each Each statistics collects and displays to its You this each instance of statistics the clock found the Statistics and Statistics that the to its each and then statistics NetSight the the Tools>Options from the NOTE to the NetSight information To the Click to the information The New text appear. The New Text the highlight the hour field; type the of hours hour or the arrow to the from to hours, seconds. Following the process, the and seconds and type or the arrow to the Statistics
Statistics Network Statistics Accessing the Network Statistics Selections The Network Statistics Information Network Statistics Click OK The the instance of the which the to its each and then statistics the Network pull-down performance statistics the MicroMMAC-T-managed The MicroMMAC-T-managed the Network the Network pull-down which allow to performance information Statistics Statistics Performance To the Network Statistics selections: At the MicroMMAC-T Chassis the Network selection, then the Network to the following statistics Statistics... Statistics... Performance Graph... Highlight selection. Each selection associated At the Network Statistics Beaconing, and MicroMMAC-T-managed There information the Network Statistics This field the the that to the 0001-0FFF
Network Statistics The operating or of the The Network Statistics the buttons located the of the Network Statistics choose whether to the statistics gathered the MicroMMAC-T counted the or from or Counts the to information (from to hours, seconds) the clock the of the the Statistics Stations the of stations that currently the This stations, of whether they connected to the MicroMMAC-T Active the MAC of the active the AM (Active the of the active the Statistics
Statistics Statistics Soft Network Statistics the of the active purged the the network created, or the MicroMMAC-T This includes the the of the active selection process. The count when the active the of that the the of that transmitted the This the of each transmitted when the including: or that the and from the and to or States This the count of beaconing the This field the of the beaconing to This the of the beacon to the of that the detected. These recorded when that initially as with the the of the of or to corrupted. The or then the and or (FCS)
Network Statistics The first the the to the of the and the This other stations from the and isolates the of the which causing the the of burst detected the These when clock incoming correctly. Encoding its this each with the of the switching and or the of the when half-bits of without phase from to indicating These when there the or or the A.C. The count of AC the These that the reporting stations Nearest Active Neighbor (NAUN) because to its If than Active (AMP) or (SMP) with the (ARI) and (FCI) to without AMP with these to that its NAUN to the ARI/FCI The the to the active then the SMP Abort The count of abort transmitted the These recorded when while then abort to the expected sequence.This the active to the through the process. This somewhat and often failing of abort overheating the overloaded that the which the to from the the of internal the These recorded when recoverable internal its You this to operating possibly with chipset, timers, or counters. of internal that or stations the operating Statistics
Statistics Network Statistics the of the These when and its TRR to This that the to the usually caused or the as the this often throws the temporarily of synchronization. the active to initiate the and Congestion the of when to that the than its information from the buffers. This that the congested. F.C. the count of (FC) the These recorded when the to and that the fields to indicating or that to with of the the the hard-coded the and when the locally assigned to the to while the This commonly caused the of the These when the station, as the active that transmitted. This when the TVX This records the which the the of the as stations or the that reported active If reported another station, as active previous when the clock and the stations internal clock amount. This type of often than of too stations the Detection of initiates the process, this typically that the active or malfunctioning.
Network Statistics Network Statistics Network Statistics The of currently recorded. You the Network Statistics to the of and the (allowable to hours, seconds). This allows to the to information concerning the activity. Network Statistics Statistics charts which within the and Activity about the Statistics chart You refresh the statistics clicking the Clear This refresh the Station to statistics. (The indicating the that the cleared, the to information (from to hours, seconds) using the clock the of the the Statistics The Statistics the measured the Statistics chart. The following Statistics appear the Statistics
Statistics Network Performance Network Statistics the and of transmitted the the and of received the the and of the The Network Performance statistics reporting. The charts allow to the performance of the Each chart shows the amount of through the as as the of or beacon states) experienced. You the type of to the the of this and their associated You choose to beacon or You choose to or or Each the of the refresh The that the which charting continuously, while the the amount of or that the Network Performance Graph
Network Performance Graph Statistics the Network Performance Graph Network Statistics The Network Performance Graph the following statistics: Network (Red) The of of the The of the active issued command. States The of beacon the which corrected the beacon recovery (ABRP). Nothing The Network currently statistics through the Traffic The of and the Reflects the the to its theoretical or Nothing The currently the or the the click the Network (with the to its The Network pull-down appear. Click the States or Nothing The chosen appear the The Performance Graph refresh and to the Click the (with the to its The Traffic pull-down appear. Click the or Nothing The chosen appear the The Performance Graph refresh and to the The Performance Graph the the (Click to and the Statistics
Statistics The and Graph Network Statistics At the the of the the MicroMMAC-T. The and (Red) (Yellow) The These statistics and chart You choose whether to the count of or to the count of the NetSight To choose or Click the The to the of the selected the count of the The or chart to the right of the of the count.
the and Network Statistics Click the The to the of the selected the boxes) the count of the of the MicroMMAC-T. The or chart to the right of the reflects counts the You the and buttons to switch from the to the chart to the of through the MicroMMAC-T. Both the type of chosen: or of the with chart displayed. To chart or Click the or The chart or the appear the choice. with Chart Statistics
Statistics The Statistics and Graph Network Statistics At the Statistics the MicroMMAC-T Statistics with Graph You statistics the following the SNA (Red) XNS TCP/IP IPX LAN other These statistics and chart You choose whether to the count of or to the count of the NetSight To choose or Click the The to the of the the count of the The to the right of the of the count.
the and Station Statistics Accessing the Station Statistics Selection Station Statistics Click the The the count of the of the MicroMMAC-T. The or chart to the right of the reflects counts the You the and buttons to switch from to chart. With the chart or the traffic, that through the MicroMMAC-T. Both the type of chosen: or To chart or Click the or button. The chart or the as selected, appear the Through the statistics the MicroMMAC-Ts board station. To the from the MicroMMAC-T Chassis Click the selection the the MicroMMAC-T Chassis The appear. Click to highlight the Station Statistics... selection. The TR Station Statistics appear. The of the The TR Station Statistics the location, and MAC and IP The the the Statistics
Statistics Soft Station Statistics The TR Station Statistics This both and the MicroMMAC-Ts station, as the following The field the of both and that the detected. using the located the of the TR Station Statistics choose whether to the statistics gathered the MicroMMAC-T counted the or from or Counts the to information (from to hours, seconds) the clock the of the the Statistics The count of that the the This the and of or The count of burst that the the This information-encoding when there and half-bit
Station Statistics A.C. The count the of Units or containing the or C The stations count of abort the which issued stations The of recoverable the station, indicating operating The of the that the to the because the to (TRR) expired. Congestion The of the to PDU to it of of internal buffering. FC The stations count of PDU the with the already to which or the The of the active that the of The of that the detected that the incoming from the expected than allowed. Soft The of the detected. If type of the station, Detected displayed the field. If detected, the field These the of which the of or or malfunction. Statistics
Statistics Station Statistics Transmitted Beacons transmitted stations when detected. These stations that there and the stations the (the beaconing and its NAUN) to themselves from the and loopback If the its should allow the to recover. Recoveries Indicates that the issued the active process; their the that the recovering from the of the active This counter once the active chosen and to the Indicates that the or its wires. This the of the detecting this from the Indicates that MAC the MAC forces the to from the Once from the its actions its try to timeout as of the re-insertion process, those loopback to that their MAC operating properly. Stations which re-insertion off the they manually Indicates that or stations as of beaconing and therefore from the Station This that the that the the If the the this field Detected. If detected, this
Statistics Accessing the Station The Station Statistics Statistics Through the Station pull-down statistics and graphically the selected Statistics and the Performance Graph. The following sections to the Station pull-down and to the to and graphical statistics To Station the the Chassis MicroMMAC-T The Station appear, offering the following statistics selections: Statistics... Statistics... Performance Graph... Click the to highlight selection. The associated appear. the following three The Station Statistics which allow to the and performance and statistics the selected the buttons located the right of the Station Statistics choose whether to the statistics gathered the first counted the or from or Counts the to information (from to hours, seconds) using the clock the of the the Statistics Statistics
Statistics The Station Statistics The Station Statistics Performance Statistics The Station Statistics The Station Statistics the following Station this field to assign to the attached to the selected Location this field to assign to the attached to the selected The of hours, and seconds) that the selected the The following performance information the selected station. The of the selected its attached the The of transmitted the selected its attached the
The Station Statistics Soft Statistics The following the selected station. The count of the selected This the and of or The count of burst the selected This information-encoding when there and half-bit A.C. The of Units containing the or C the selected Abort The of the selected transmitted abort The of recoverable internal the selected indicating that its attached operating The of that the selected that the to (TRR) expired. Congestion The of the selected to PDU to of of internal F.C. The of PDU to the selected that the already to which or the The of the selected station, while acting as the active that the of Statistics
Statistics The Station Statistics Statistics The of the selected that the incoming from the expected than allowed. The of accounted the selected At the Station Statistics the of and the selected (allowable to hours, seconds). The displayed statistics within the the text the of the Station Statistics directly the the currently selected its board and and its MAC charts graphically the and that bytes, and through the These charts to allow to the and information concerning the activity and Activity about the Statistics chart You refresh the statistics clicking the Clear This refresh the Station to statistics. (The the Clear indicating the that the cleared.)
Station Statistics Performance Statistics The Statistics chart within the the to information (from to hours, seconds) using the clock the of the the Statistics The Statistics the measured the Statistics chart. The following Statistics appear the the and of the attached to the the and of the the and of the Performance statistics reporting. The charts allow to the performance of the selected station. Each chart shows the amount of through the as as the of the Directly the three the currently selected its board and and its MAC Statistics
Statistics Performance Graph Statistics Statistics Station Performance Graph The that the which charting continuously, while the the amount of or that the the (with the to its the of this choose whether or to the the (its pull-down offers or Nothing selected the its pull-down appear. If the the Performance Graph refresh, and the to the selection. the (with the to its the of this the to the Load, or Nothing selected the its pull-down appear. If the the Performance Graph refresh, and the to the selection. The Performance Graph the following statistics: (Red) The of of the Nothing The currently the of through the
the Performance Graph Statistics Traffic The of transmitted and the Reflects the the to the theoretical or of Network. Nothing The currently the or the Click the (with the to its The pull-down appear. Click the or Nothing The chosen appear the The Performance Graph refresh and to using the Click the (with the to its The pull-down appear. Click the or Nothing The chosen appear the The Performance Graph refresh and to using the The Performance Graph the the (Click to and the Statistics
Statistics Statistics
The the Station station-level with NetSight to inform when thresholds reached. the Chassis Network and or which apply to stations Through the Chassis Station the Station and the Station and station-level stations the from the Network and to of and NetSight facility. To NetSight station, its IP the MicroMMAC-Ts Trap or the Remote Administration Please to the Remote Administration and/or the further information. information NetSight facility, to the and NOTE Chapter
Accessing the Ring-Level Network To the from the Chassis Click to the Network the Network pull-down the Network entry, then right and to The appear. the as instructed Ring-Level below. The The following thresholds, the section of the based the of of the selected the within The of the created or the MicroMMAC-T that the active the (including the of the active selection process). that the count when the active The AMP The of that active within the The
Station The threshold of the (while acting as the active to the The The of that released stations within the released when that the active or malfunctioning. Stations the the to active The The of that the the that the stations to (TRR) These caused stations or leaving the The Count The of that the within the the reached. The of beacons that the within the the reached. beacon when its indicating that Active elected. Beaconing the beaconing and its NAUN to their and to the necessary. The the the section of the Station the threshold to stations the currently These station-level these to apply of station-level to stations the the This the the the base. the (of
the the Station This that stations the Station that from those other stations or the to the Station stations to their station-level NOTE The following thresholds, the section of the Station based the of of the selected detected the within The threshold of the selected These the and of or FCS The The threshold of recoverable internal the selected indicating that the Network Interface Card of its attached operating The The threshold of burst the selected These information-encoding and half-bit The A.C. The threshold of the selected that the or C The Congestion The threshold which the to of of internal The To If to the threshold the text the field, and type the threshold To the to the field. the that the Click the clock to the Within: field. New text appear. this text the the specified of to the activated.
Station-Level Accessing the Station from the Station-Level The the New textbox apply to the and Station The to once to apply to You to the each NOTE Highlight the hour or field, and type the each (or the the field, and the arrow to the or that the seconds. back to the Click OK to to the To selected the Apply To selected the Apply that inform as each Click to the thresholds. MicroMMAC-T threshold exceeded, To of the NetSight facility. to the and information the facility. You Station-level stations the currently the Chassis Station the Station or the Station that Station-level the Station Chapter The Station and Station information the Station and the Station To the Station the Chassis Station the Chassis of the board displays. The appear. Click The Station appear. the as instructed the Station-Level section, below.
Accessing the Station from the Station Accessing the Station from the Station Station-Level To the Station the Station Click to the Network pull-down the Network the Network then right and to Station The Station appear. Click the the of the Double-click the which to The highlighted to selected. The Station appear. the as instructed the Station-Level section, below. To the Station the Station Click to the Network the Network pull-down the Network entry, then right and to Station The Station appear. Click the the representing the station which to The Station Command appear. the Station Command The Station appear. the as instructed the Station-Level section, below.
Station-Level Station-Level The Station To the the text the field, and type the threshold To the to the field. the that the Click the clock to the Within: field. New text appear. this text the the specified of to the activated. The the New textbox apply to the Station The only to once to apply to the station. You to the each NOTE Highlight the hour or field, and type the each (or the the field, and the arrow to the or that the seconds. back to the Click OK to to the Click OK to selected the station. Click to the thresholds.
Station-Level threshold exceeded, To of the NetSight facility. to the and information the facility.
The Station and Station The Station and statistics; from the the Station the Station Command the Station The Station The Station allows to statistics and the stations the currently The Station graphically the downstream from the currently MicroMMAC-T, and information stations the Both allow to statistics, statistics, and performance each (including the MicroMMAC-Ts onboard station), and stations from the You stations through the Station and Station At the MicroMMAC-T Station each the the MicroMMAC-T (including stations attached to another that the from the MicroMMAC-Ts station. this statistics each the as as temporarily from the and stations. To the Station Station from the Network the MicroMMAC-T Chassis Chapter
The Station and Station Station The Station The Station The Station the following Active The physical of the active the this displays of Nodes/Stations The of stations the that The of the stations, as selected the MAC the of the This field displays MAC (Ethernet or that the the the currently
Station Station Statistics The Station (Station The of the downstream relation from the MicroMMAC-T station. MAC The of the or Ethernet (MAC) The assigned to the through You assign this the Station Statistics as the Statistics chapter of this The to which the attached. If attached to the MicroMMAC-T, this field unknown, to the MicroMMAC-T The which the that the to the MicroMMAC-T, this field unknown, detected to the MicroMMAC-T Soft The of the station. To Statistics station: Click the Statistics the of the Double-click the which to Statistics. The highlighted to selected. The TR Station Statistics appear selected the MicroMMAC-T, or the Station Statistics appear selected station. of these to The TR Station Statistics and The Station Statistics the Statistics chapter of this The Station and Station
The Station and Station Station Statistics Removing Station from the Station The Station To Station Statistics: Click the Statistics the of the Double-click the which to Statistics. The highlighted to selected, and the Station Statistics appear. of this to The Station Statistics the Statistics chapter of this that Statistics the MicroMMAC-T Station this the the MicroMMAC-T MAC to the selected station. this the loopback to that its MAC functioning correctly. If the the loopback off the If the its actions the DNI (and others) the automatically. IBM (and others) themselves from the the re-booted. that the MicroMMAC-T Station from the To from the Click the the of the Double-click the which to from the The highlighted to selected. The selected from the and the switch to the the Station where and that of specified of stations
the Station Performance Graph the the Station The Station To the Station Click the the of the Double-click the which to the The highlighted to selected. The Station appear. to Chapter information the Performance Graph the Performance Graph, which statistics reporting. The charts allow to the performance of the selected station. Each chart shows the amount of through the as as the of the To stations performance Click the Performance Graph the of the Double-click the which to the performance The highlighted to selected. The Performance Graph appear. to Chapter Statistics information the Performance Graph. To switch the MAC and the the of the The field of each the selection. that the the currently To the of the Station the the of the ASCII containing the board and and information to the Microsoft The Station and Station
The Station and Station Counters CAUTION The Station The Station To and performance counters the the MicroMMAC-T, the (Station the appear showing the and Counters Click OK to the counters. The and performance counters to their This Network Statistics counters to statistics gathered from stations the currently that attached to the MicroMMAC-T-controlled It stations and performance counters the Station Statistics stations attached to the currently Although statistics the stations attached to the currently the reflected than the counters effectively wipes the history of the MicroMMAC-T of others the The Station graphically the downstream with to the currently and displays information stations the It allows to statistics or statistics each station, including the MicroMMAC-Ts onboard station. You the to stations from the and
Station The Station The Station that this to the from or the To the Station Station from the Network the MicroMMAC-T Chassis The Station appear. Active Indicates the physical of the Active the this displays of Indicates the of stations currently the The of the stations, as selected the MAC the of the This field displays MAC (Ethernet or that the the the currently The Station and Station
The Station and Station the Station Station Text The Station The Station displays The with arrows indicating the If the of the the of stations, the to within the with stations, the of the the this the to stations which of or the Each graphically represented, the The coded, with the the MicroMMAC-T station, and indicating stations. The selected MicroMMAC-T initially of If the fits the the MicroMMAC-T the clock) If the the the MicroMMAC-T the rightmost clock) The MicroMMAC-Ts downstream neighbors displayed clockwise from the stations displayed counterclockwise. the text boxes which information the selected and its neighbors. The the station. Station text information stations the To text the as follows: the to the the station. the to text the station. appear the text to its station.
The Station Station with Text To the text the the while the The text the relation to the Once the text as release the to You active text positioning the the and the Each text the following information: The assigned to the through This field appear assigned. You assign this the Station Statistics as the Statistics chapter of this The physical of the selected downstream The physical of the selected The physical of the selected neighbor, The Station and Station
The Station and Station The Station Command The Station You the to which allow to Statistics or Statistics to the selected station, as as the from the and the Station If the with the the station, the appear with the following options. Statistics Click this option to the Station Statistics selected, or the TR Station Statistics the MicroMMAC-T Station selected. to the Statistics chapter information these Statistics Click this option to the Station Statistics selected, or the Statistics the MicroMMAC-Ts onboard station, selected. to the Statistics chapter information these Click this option to the selected from the that loopback this the MicroMMAC-T MAC to the selected station. this the loopback to that its MAC functioning correctly. If the the off the If the its actions the of the DNI (and others) the automatically. IBM (and others) themselves from the the re-booted. that the MicroMMAC-T Station from the this option grayed-out when the MicroMMAC-T selected. Click this selection to the Station to stations. to the chapter information Performance Graph Click this selection to the Station Performance Graph, which allows to the performance of the selected station. to the Statistics chapter the Station Performance Graph.
the Station The Station You the of the rotating the or the Portion of the with stations, to of the to with text or You the to specified of the or to of the The following operations the to as that once the text Station (with Command Left/Right Double-Click Cursor Near Station Left/Right Double-Click Cursor Not Near Station and Release Right The to the vicinity of that This focusing or of stations. Double-click to The the containing the the Double-click to the that expands or as the to the Release the to the selected stations. This to stations of the The Station and Station
The Station and Station The Station the Station You the to the as follows and as Click to counterclockwise Click to counterclockwise (or to the counterclockwise or clockwise to Click to clockwise (or Click to clockwise the to the Arrow the counterclockwise Arrow the clockwise station. If rotates the counter-clockwise of stations to the amount of (Click Track (Click Track Below If rotates the clockwise of stations to the amount of Once the reaches its or the the arrows. the counterclockwise stations. If there or stations the the the of the clockwise stations. If there or stations the the the of stations
The Station the Station You the Station other the to the boundary (the as two-headed arrow), the and to or the This to the or of the to the The Station and Station
The Station and Station The Station
(Station A.C. A.C. Abort ABRP Active Active Active (AMP) (ARI) AM (Active AMP Recovery Battery Battery Capacity Battery Recovery States Statistics Boards BRIM BYP (bypassed) C Chassis Information Chassis charts buttons Common MicroMMAC-T Congestion front Encoding and Activity Recovery Recovery ENB Index Index-1
F.C. FC Firmware, FNB (FCS) (FCI) Count GETTING HELP Cursor I/F interface performance statistics I/F Summary IETF Active INS Interface Interface Statistics IP Index-2 LNK MAC MAC Station Station Statistics the the Station MIB MicroMMAC-22T/24T MicroMMAC-42T/44T MIM type (Non-Unicast) NAUN Nearest Active Neighbor Network Network Information Network Statistics Network Network Network Performance Network Statistics Non-Unicast of of Nodes/Stations
OFF OK ON Transmitted Physical chart Assignment Statistics Performance the Station Statistics Rate Counts Recoveries Related Station from the Counters Retry Recovery On Station Rotating the Station Congestion Selecting Station Soft (SMP) Station Command Station Station Location Station Station Station Station On Station Statistics Station Statistics Station-Level Stations Statistics Technical to the of Soft or Counts TR Station Transmitted Beacons Index-3
TRR to TVX Unicast Unit Unit Unit OK Unknown UPS ID UPS the Station Wrapped Index-4