ENTERASYS.COM Ethernet and
Networks and its the right to specifications and other information this without The should Networks to whether such The firmware, or software this to without IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERASYS NETWORKS AND ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS MANUAL OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, EVEN IF ENTERASYS NETWORKS AND ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF, KNOWN, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES November TM Inc. Rights Printed the United States of America. Networks NH Inc. of Inc. Enterasys, RoamAbout, the RoamAbout or of Inc. Microsoft and or of Microsoft Corporation. IPX/SPX of Inc. PC Card of PCMCIA. other and the property of their respective NOTICE
Notice FCC Notice This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Industry This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 VCCI Notice This Class based the of the Council Interference from Information (VCCI). If this or interference. and the to the instruction
Application of Council Directive(s): 89/336/EEC 73/23/EEC Representative Address: Network House, Newbury Road, Newbury RG14 2PZ, RoamAbout Ethernet Conformance to Directive(s)/Product EC Directive 89/336/EEC EC Directive 73/23/EEC EN Class EN EN Information or Light the hereby responsibility, that the with this conforms to the Representative Thomas E.M.E.A. NH, USA Newbury, Location Location Declaration of Conformity Inc. Address: PO NH
of the of this Associated and Inspecting Ethernet Wireless Network Wireless Ad-Hoc Procedure Ethernet LED
of Ethernet Uninstall. the Ethernet Starting the Ethernet the Ethernet Loading and Removing Passwords. the Ethernet to Factory PC Card the PC Card Advanced Encryption the Ethernet to to Wired Ethernet Network Flowchart UART Flow Flow Software Flow Flow the Ethernet to Wireless
Direct A-2 A-4 the A-4 A-5 The A-6 Format A-7 A-7 Network A-15 Bridged Ethernet A-17 Table of
of the This to and the RoamAbout Wireless Ethernet This who and the RoamAbout Wireless Ethernet of this This as follows: Section information should know the RoamAbout Ethernet This includes the and specifications. Chapter overview. Chapter the to the RoamAbout Ethernet Chapter the RoamAbout Ethernet software It the information to the RoamAbout Ethernet Chapter the applications. the information to the Ethernet to wireless to the to the Ethernet information.
Associated The following the RoamAbout and where to information. the RoamAbout Wireless and RoamAbout Access RoamAbout Access RoamAbout Access RoamAbout Access RoamAbout Access RoamAbout Wireless RoamAbout DS PC Card RoamAbout PC Card and CD-ROM RoamAbout RoamAbout PC Card and CD-ROM RoamAbout RoamAbout PC Card and CD-ROM RoamAbout Work Station RoamAbout PC Card and CD-ROM RoamAbout RoamAbout Preparation and
related to this or Networks of the following World North America: To or concerning this the Technical Writing the following to include the the please the following information ready: service of the of action(s) already to the The and numbers of products the of and type) Network and the of known) The history the this recurring previous Authorization (RMA)
This chapter the RoamAbout the Ethernet the following the Select the location to the Unpack the Ethernet and the of the shipment. the following to that completed. that the Ethernet LAN and functioning. with of the following operating to the Ethernet RoamAbout DS PC Card each Ethernet RoamAbout Access wireless that the within the or NT Chapter
Specifications VDC C to C Relative to (non-condensing) Interface RoamAbout PC Card Ethernet Interface RJ45 to allow the of straight through when connected to Interface (optional) to 115K Stop; ENO Parity RTS, CTS, DSR, DTR, RI. CD RS232 Connector: DB9; R1 (input) TX RX DTR GND DSR RTS CTS CD (input)
and Inspecting Physically inspect to that the and options as the following to The the following and Inspecting
and Inspecting Ethernet that the following shipped with RoamAbout Ethernet RoamAbout Ethernet 5.2V Universal AC to DC DC AC Cord RS-232 CD-ROM containing the RoamAbout Ethernet software and the RoamAbout Ethernet and PDF. You this selecting the RoamAbout Unit Mounting Combs, with to the PC from of the RoamAbout Ethernet
The RoamAbout Wireless Ethernet wired and wireless The RoamAbout Ethernet easily integrated existing wireless The RoamAbout Wireless Ethernet the following wireless Wireless which the RoamAbout Access Wireless which the RoamAbout Access Network wireless wireless with Access (AP) connected to wired LAN. RoamAbout wireless with operating often that heavy and to the of the AP. The AP as stationary of the wireless LAN, Ethernet that physically throughout the wireless LAN. The Ethernet with the AP. Ethernet directly with each other. Ethernet or Ethernet and wired through the AP. Access to the coverage shows of Chapter
Wireless Network Network The of the IEEE to throughout the wireless LAN and Access Re-association as as the Ethernet the as the AP to which trying to
Ad-Hoc Wireless known as or include Access Instead, the association, or of that with each other using the PC Card shows which three Ethernet to wireless connectivity Ethernet this the Ethernet and PC four appear to connected the Ethernet Ethernet this effective to wirelessly of Ethernet Ad-Hoc Network Wireless Ad-Hoc
This section to the RoamAbout Wireless Ethernet It includes the of the PC (PCMCIA) wireless LAN the Ethernet NOTE Procedure To the Ethernet the following Removing the The Ethernet NOT include RoamAbout DS PC These information. RoamAbout Ethernet from the The Ethernet assembled. To the PC Card and the Ethernet and re-assembly required. the from the Ethernet the of the to release as shown of the reveals the PC Chapter
Procedure the Mounting Plate NOTE If to mount the Ethernet (optional), the mounting plate as shown the from the The The when to when the Ethernet with The the PC from of the
the PC Card the Mounting Plate (Optional) Gently PC the as shown the the Ethernet that the straight the If mounting the Ethernet the mounting plate where as shown Then, the Ethernet the mounting and that the Ethernet straight-through Ethernet the RJ-45 the Ethernet and the the where the software. Procedure
Ethernet LED Ethernet LED shown Table there LED Table LED the DC to the supply. the AC to the other of the supply. the round to the Ethernet 5V DC. the AC the AC the Ethernet LED indicating Ethernet to PC. The RoamAbout Ethernet ready the RoamAbout Ethernet Proceed to Chapter to the Ethernet Lights when applied. Lights when information Associated Activity. Lights when the associated to another and lights LAN LAN Activity. Lights to that Ethernet the Lights Ethernet activity. Lights when the and lights when the
Ethernet This chapter to and the Ethernet The RoamAbout Ethernet to the Ethernet You PC or workstation 95/98/NT/2000 or The Ethernet allows to graphically and remotely: of Ethernet stations the and the Ethernet and the Ethernet NOTE To the Ethernet the following The Ethernet with the Ethernet non-routing Ethernet the Ethernet to with the Ethernet the Ethernet CD-ROM the CD-ROM If the automatically, the following Click the Click the the CD-ROM. Double-click the The appears. Click NEXT to the installation, or CANCEL to The Software appears. Chapter Ethernet
Uninstall Uninstall To the Ethernet the following NOTE Ethernet Click YES to the terms and allow the of Click NO and terminate the installation. The Choose Destination appears. Choose the and location. selected path. Click NEXT The Select appears. This allows to the of the created. Click FINISH to the of the Ethernet Select Double-click the Select Ethernet from the Click the Click the Uninstall button. The Uninstall inactive of If the Ethernet to from the the
the Ethernet Starting the Ethernet To the Ethernet Start-->Programs-->RoamAbout-->RoamAbout Ethernet The RoamAbout Ethernet Unit appears and the Ethernet currently detected. Ethernet from this Table RoamAbout Ethernet Unit The RoamAbout Ethernet Unit buttons SCAN Allows to search active Ethernet executed, previously Ethernet that found from the and found displayed. EXIT the Ethernet CONFIGURE selecting to the first the Ethernet Ethernet
the Ethernet HELP this You the to this the Ethernet To the Ethernet the following NOTE Ethernet Highlight the Ethernet that to Click the or the Ethernet The appears information about the RoamAbout Ethernet and the selected The the match
The pull-down options allow to: or the Ethernet to factory or clear Access of the the Ethernet Information Action Network the the the the the PC Card. Table Information Action the from Unit Allows to the to the and the from the Ethernet to the Ethernet and Downloads the from the Ethernet Unit to the Ethernet the of If the the GUI the and their location. the Ethernet Ethernet
the Ethernet You the of the Ethernet to This allows to to known or easily Ethernet with the NOTE Loading The Ethernet allows to to selected Ethernet Ethernet Click the and Unit This the the Ethernet with those the Ethernet To that to and the Ethernet should and Unit) back to the Click the and to the directory where would to the The the RoamAbout directory. Click this the to the back to the Click the and to the directory which the that to Select the and the The displayed. back to the
NOTE and Removing unauthorized from or the Ethernet You to this each to the Ethernet Networks that each Ethernet To the following to the Removing To the following To the the and Unit If the PC the active Ethernet than the PC that the Ethernet when the the PC options from the You to the PC manually. This allows to PC while and You of the that include the PC Click the and New the Click The immediately active. to the Click the and New Clear the Leaving the the You prompted when the empty. the Ethernet Ethernet
the Ethernet the Ethernet To the firmware Ethernet the following Download the of from the RoamAbout www.enterasys.com/wireless, to the that currently the Ethernet The the to Factory This allows to the Ethernet back to its to the Ethernet PC to factory the Ethernet non-reachable to including the PC Card Network If the Ethernet to the wired LAN section as PC, that to the Access If this the the Ethernet with the Ethernet To this the Ethernet and to PC Ethernet Then, the Ethernet to the Network to match the Access Ethernet the the Ethernet Click the and to the directory which the location of the firmware Double-click the The displays At the of the process, the Ethernet The displays that Ethernet properly updated. The light the Ethernet flashes. The and the Ethernet ready to seconds. Click the and to Factory of the immediately restored to the factory
PC Card The Ethernet to the type of PC currently and to the accordingly. To the PC and the and of type, the following the The to: the and the Ethernet and from the Ethernet To the the following The allows to switch the Ethernet and the Ethernet With PC follow the instructions from the Ethernet switch PC and to the Ethernet to factory following the instructions to Factory the following the instructions Loading the of PC following the instructions PC Card back to the Click the and SHOW LOG WINDOW The appears. the Ethernet Ethernet
the Ethernet GUI The GUI displays from the Ethernet The displays the Ethernet include basic information about the and the Ethernet To the of Ethernet the option from the To clear the from the the Clear option from the The records and recorded with and, the Access MAC Each The the of the turned or of to of seconds, and of to of seconds. Ethernet
Table The Table displays the MAC the Ethernet The the interface, or PC where each MAC The each the of seconds that from the forwarding Table the Ethernet Ethernet
PC Card PC Card This section to the Ethernet to wireless the Ethernet wireless the PC LED To the PC the following Ethernet the the Ethernet as the Ethernet Click the the highlighted, appear: Advanced, and Encryption The Encryption appear this option PC
the Network The Network match the Access or match the to which to establish Ad-Hoc The Network The Network to IEEE wireless Ethernet the Network to to Access (AP). with the with each other this field. the Station The Station each Ethernet The this field the Ethernet with software, such as the Ethernet Select the Network Operation. Access includes Access include Access Click the and Unit The Ethernet appears with that the PC Card Ethernet
PC Card Advanced The Advanced shown to the of wireless LAN PC Advanced Ethernet Select the MAC option. There three the first the wired the This the MAC the wireless LAN interface. to that the to DETECT. Networks to this option to DETECT, advanced the MAC Address. MAC Address. Select the AP
Encryption The Encryption appear PC this option. Encryption necessary to to Access which to PC of to to security the wireless of Encryption To the following Select the Rate from the Click the and Unit Click the Encryption Select the PC Ethernet
PC Card Encryption characters characters Ethernet to four The the to written as text (ASCII) or numbers. and of the to and the to F. Text with The of to the of the to the PC the PC HEX ASCII Select The the the Ethernet to the the decrypted they created of the four Click the and Unit If to the Ethernet to the Access with the specified Network
the Ethernet to to Wired Ethernet You the Ethernet as wireless to to wired such as or Ethernet to wireless The Ethernet as wireless to of the the following To the Ethernet to to wired Ethernet the following Complete the PC instructions PC Card Ethernet to as wireless connected to wired Ethernet the Ethernet to to Wired Ethernet Click the and Unit If necessary, the Ethernet to the location. to the Ethernet and to the Ethernet Ethernet
Network Network This section the to with the Ethernet Communicating directly with the Ethernet the to the applications. the to the Ethernet the to remotely the Ethernet the To the network the following: Ethernet that the PC the PC Card section Click the Network Click the The Network shown the IP that assigned to the Ethernet The IP the that other to with the Ethernet the This that the of IP within
Network NOTES the IP of the (router or firewall). You to the IP of to the Ethernet to or other Ethernet router or firewall. that actively to IP You this field or connecting to wired Ethernet The Ethernet DHCP. Network Ethernet
This chapter the that applications. operation, the of the Ethernet match the of the to which connected the RS-232 There of that to to accomplish this the UART and the Flow Flowchart with the Ethernet the top of and the the there of that to to accomplish that The flow chart only the that to operation.
UART UART (Universal Asynchronous the It the and of of the To the UART the following UART Clicking the Click the UART The UART shown with the the of from the pull-down The the of the The from to rates UART
UART the of the to the Ethernet the that matches the of the connecting to the Ethernet the of to The and the Stop of the to the Ethernet Choose the Stop that matches the Stop of the to the Ethernet Stop the of to of character. The or the Parity of the connecting to the Ethernet Choose the Parity that matches the Parity of the connecting to the Ethernet They to and
Flow Flow the of the flow of from to another to that the of the incoming Flow becomes factor when of the of than the other There of flow and Software. Flow to of The options that allow to which of to this type of flow RTS/CTS To Send/Clear To DTR/DSR Ready/Data Ready The flow Hardware, the RTS/CTS of NOTE Software Flow Software characters, and Xoff, which the to or off the of from the to receiver. the flow the Ethernet from when the ready to With incoming the Xon/Xoff characters the the of the Ethernet as flow The Xon/Xoff characters and therefore the Ethernet The outgoing software option the of Xon/Xoff flow characters the Ethernet The characters the of the Ethernet and the to or This option to the from when the Ethernet ready to Software flow both incoming and outgoing individually, or (as the Flow
Flow Flow To the Ethernet flow the following Flow The this the to process. to the These the that the Ethernet Click the Flow shows the Flow with the the flow of the that connecting to the Ethernet the Ethernet to match those of the connected clicking the buttons. The flow and the match. connecting to that using RTS/CTS the Ethernet flow to RTS/CTS.
This chapter to the Ethernet to wireless to If Ethernet this section apply. To to Ethernet follow the instructions to the Ethernet to wired Chapter The LPD operating that LPD to host, such as The LPD the Ethernet wherein received and the to the from the This the Ethernet from the software flow characters. Software Flow operating the or IP NOTE of the Ethernet as the host. the Ethernet to To the LDP the following Complete the instructions Chapter Complete the Network Chapter the Chapter Click the and then the Click the LPD option. Wireless Wireless
the Ethernet to NOTE Click the Flow that the Flow of Ethernet match those of If the Flow match, there when reference to Flow Click the and Unit to the The Ethernet to as LPD
This to the to the Ethernet The to Ethernet The text-based You the of the following Through the Ethernet with or that software. of software include HyperTerminal, ProComm, and of the of the Ethernet the TCP/IP with to Ethernet of when the Ethernet used, because the TCP/IP A-1
Direct Direct This of and Ethernet connected from the Ethernet to software. To the Ethernet the the following The COM this the of the NOTE the the Ethernet A-2 Follow the instructions Chapter the included On the Select Programs-->Accessories-->Hyperterminal Double-click the The appears. This allows to the field. This The field the Click OK to using Hyperterminal. the CANCEL to terminate Hyperterminal. The appears. The Country and should the the field, choose the COM that the RS- from the Click OK The appears. Select the field second. the of selected the field. Parity should its of should its of
NOTE NOTE Choose the Flow option. The the exactly as of the Chapter Click OK of the COM chosen. The appears To the the Ethernet of something to tooth the located the the Ethernet The appears the You to If the Ethernet within seconds the and connected to the following the seconds the Press the If the displays characters, the and software to parity, and If, the the Ethernet with the that there the TX LED when the ENTER the PC. the pressed, the TX" light should faintly and If the TX light there the If the TX" light when the ENTER and the respond, to the to parity, Direct A-3
This to the the This the Ethernet assigned TCP/IP If to the Ethernet IP to the Ethernet or the To establish the following the Once established to the the appears. A-4 Click the and where the IP of the to The appears the You to the arrow to the highlighted If the arrow the the Ctrl while Next) and Previous) to the To entry, the To the as the following the item Another to displayed. Selecting of them that to the selection and operation below. finished the Ethernet the the Unit and then to the confirmation. This the allowing the to as as operating ready to
The section of selections and their operation This option It the Ethernet to the the Ethernet the pressed. of to of the and their below. If this option, to software. It then and the option to This option to of the Ethernet or to RoamAbout Technical to to their factory appears to the selection, or forwarding the MAC of detected, and the interface of which they listed. roaming the MAC of the Access that the Ethernet of occurred. this option the Ethernet LED to what of the Ethernet Clear from the the Unit this to allow the to the A-5
the The three selections/Config to to back to the previous selections. the with the options that RS-232 the with the the and Bridged the with the the and IP interface The Selecting of the the section that the Once the arrow to the around. If the arrow with [previous], Ctrl-N [back], and Ctrl-F right motion. motion, to to the of the and to to the To the the to the to and the To text the the to the immediately following the character to and the Backspace or type To text front of the To text from the to the of the editing completed, please these Ctrl-W the the to the Although they the Ethernet off and back If that to the You prompted confirmation, then to the If while the becomes or confused to force or to software VT100 correctly. A-6
Network This section the meaning each of the that [rmpbind] This both the passthrough and the I/O This the RMP the of this RMP options below. If to the TCP/IP to the This the that the Ethernet to its when to and from other Ethernet this its The which the Ethernet to its as the this the Ethernet to from the specified. this to only from Ethernet with the of accepted. other that the to The This the Ethernet which to from the It the of another Ethernet or broadcast or Broadcast to the to of the Ethernet the to the Ethernet from which the of causing Ethernet that themselves to to each other. The count non-broadcast this count the of that the Ethernet should each of to Ethernet the Ethernet of or turned off. this the This count the the to the Ethernet to of The count The the A-15
the [tcpbind1a] pre-written tcpbind1a, tcpbind1b, tcpbind2, and tcpbind3 TCP/IP. the to passthrough, only created (tcpbind2 and tcpbind3 passthrough the to passthrough2, and (tcpbind1a and tcpbind1b created each A-16 attempting as specified with try count to specify to This the The specified of second, that second. The The These the TCP the of this The this or This whether the Ethernet from another or to initiate the This TCP to the to which to selected the IP to used. tcp This the TCP that the Ethernet from other selected this to used. tcp This the TCP to to the the type this shutdown If the type this whether the first terminates. If the type this whether another the first closed the to written to the once the The specified as of and ASCII the (The of this previous The item and the ASCII together the to This would to written to the these fact, the this exactly those instead of as of and
Bridged Ethernet the Ethernet this category. This the type used. Following that might found The the as This to written to the UART once This to written to the UART when the closed. This to already The closing of the UART of already the The of this the as If the to this to written to the UART. This should the of type where the or refused the this to catch should software The the as This the to which the Ethernet connecting. this field. The "ANY". The The of used. MAC s. Access This that each of the This the this this the Ethernet the MAC of the the Ethernet built-in this the Ethernet built-in MAC otherwise, MAC specified the character MAC without the to MAC the Ethernet wired to wireless should used. .The which the this field. This to whether WEP the or If the Ethernet WEP the this option appear. of the options the section. the A-17
the This the RC4 algorithm as the IEEE Wired (WEP) to to four The RoamAbout PC Card the only. The 5-character (or The 13-character (or and both and Notes: A-18 that characters If V5.01 or that the Station of the RoamAbout PC Card each V4.52 or or as the to the RoamAbout Wireless the to firmware with which counted the of The of each the the the to with the Access This which of the following to transmitted The this This of the to encrypting and the This of the to encrypting and decrypting the This of the to encrypting and decrypting the This of the to encrypting and decrypting the
The following sections the of the IP This the IP that other to with Ethernet This that, when with the IP the of IP within the the this the IP that to to The There should to this this interface this section that specify the routing options. The of If this the IP of router or firewall. this to this to the IP of to router or firewall. the A-19
This information the RoamAbout Ethernet If Ethernet operating properly, please the Ethernet the firmware, and this Technical Support. If the the SAVE CONFIGURATION Table B-1 and Table B-2 B-1
Table B-1: to The light off or the light The light steady and the light Association light turning and the light off. B-2 The Ethernet properly. or the to software the and to the following The to the Access that physical tions securely Technical the that the the Ethernet that the Network to match the Access that the the
to The Ethernet connected to Ethernet the Ethernet Light to Ethernet that both of the securely. If the Ethernet attached to Ethernet used. If the Ethernet attached directly to Ethernet PC or Ethernet straight-through that the If the that the Ethernet to Ethernet The Ethernet B-3
Table B-2: the This Technical Support, to items this to section Section to tion Entry tion of B-4 Entry to section that located the Ethernet to Factory the Ethernet the Ethernet to the factory the Ethernet the Ethernet to the factory the Ethernet
to Entry tion of to interface the incorrect. Route to of to the interface UART to the UART than clear its and If the instructs other to Technical please the the If the Ethernet to the or the the PCMCIA used. the to If Ethernet the the to they to other IP flow If the flow the To this while the type the Ethernet B-5
to FLASH to FLASH or write or of interface each of these If initialized. of these succeed, to the of the the Ethernet found. B-6 Technical Support. the approximately seconds and then reapply the Ethernet to the factory and the Ethernet Technical the the to Factory and the Ethernet If the Technical
This to wireless Ethernet as and Ethernet as Ethernet to wireless with the or Ad-hoc exchanged using of RMP TCP RMP that or high-reliability TCP when reception RMP RMP where RS-232 of Ethernet or when Ethernet to topology, the RMP should used. the RMP the Ethernet of its and the to or Ethernet the arrives the Ethernet the of that Ethernet The RMP to the as though the Ethernet directly connected The or of the Ethernet This the Ethernet to as The RMP options that to throughput and to the of C C-1
To the RMP the following NOTE NOTE RMP This section of each RMP Source This the RMP the Ethernet to when to another Ethernet of the Ethernet to its as the RMP It to this Source this the Ethernet to from the specified this to from Ethernet with the RMP of accepted. other The allows from RMP to accepted. The Source only to RMP Passthrough installations proximity. C-2 Complete the instructions If or with or Ethernet without Access that Complete the Chapter Click the the Select RMP Click the the RMP the RMP as where there Ethernet used, to these from their The allow to each other and establish
Destination This the Ethernet where to the You the RMP of another Ethernet Other or broadcast. to to the Ethernet from which the the of easy to allow Ethernet that themselves to to each other. broadcast the to to Ethernet to RMP Count non-broadcast this count the of that the Ethernet should each RMP of the Ethernet of or off. this the or The Count the the to the Ethernet to of that RMP the or the try count reached. The count The which each to the Count based the of to and/ or Application Count to count to High count Retry as specified with count to to This the The specified of second, that of second. The The I/O I/O only to that the RMP I/O and of the Ethernet from the input and shared with the (RTS, DTR, CTS, and DSR). this the Ethernet them as They the to from to another without the Ethernet themselves. Ethernet of its RTS or DTR the Ethernet to immediately the of its CTS or DSR to match. You Flow that I/O C-3
TCP TCP RMP to the TCP from RMP that it and allows each Ethernet to when with the as with this each Ethernet acts as and To the TCP the following NOTE C-4 Complete the as PC Card If or with or Ethernet without using Access Ad-hoc Complete the Network Chapter Complete the Chapter Click the and then the Select TCP Click the Passthrough2 the each that this matches the to of the The both of these to these both the the IP of the the to IP field. There shutdown both the and Connecting numbers. These This allows the to of the Ethernet with the other. of the Ethernet or the only this Click the and Unit
Network This section to Ethernet as to accomplished TCP/IP that TCP/IP to with the of the Ethernet Once established to the Ethernet written to the the of the Ethernet At the received the of the Ethernet the The Ethernet TCP Passthrough the TCP Passthrough the Ethernet to the with which TCP Passthrough should that to TCP/IP to the Ethernet TCP Passthrough the TCP Passthrough the Ethernet establish to the IP and specified the TCP Passthrough should the Ethernet to TCP/IP to Network To Ethernet as the following Complete the of the as Chapter Complete the Network Chapter Complete the Chapter Click the and then the TCP Passthrough and TCP Passthrough appear the choices displayed. following the instructions below the of choice, TCP or TCP Network C-5
Network TCP Complete the Network and then the following TCP Complete the Network and then the following C-6 Click TCP the Click the the which the Ethernet This the that to to that Ethernet The applications, the Shutdown Checking this the Ethernet to and the active Click the and Unit Click TCP the to IP field, the IP of the that the Ethernet connecting to. the to field, type the to which the Ethernet The applications, the Shutdown Checking this the Ethernet to re-initiate the active Click the and Unit
This section to as to and to or network The or this service to Once the established from the Ethernet received the of the Ethernet to the host. At the from the the of the Ethernet Typically, the of the Ethernet connected to or that software. To Ethernet as the following The establishes to when the the the closed, the Ethernet to To Ethernet as the the and then the following Complete the instructions Chapter Complete the Network Chapter Complete the Chapter Click the and then the Select the option the Click the the top of the There that to establish and Command Prompt The sections these and the Click the the to IP field, the IP of the to which the Ethernet establish The to the industry C-7
Command Prompt This section the The to the From the to or that the and of To establish type the command the IP of the or The IP optionally the TCP which to the If the the industry of used. NOTE the closed, the To Ethernet as using the the and then the following C-8 the Shutdown to allow closing active Click the and Unit You the IP and the of the only IP the You PING the to the IP Click the Click the and Unit