FN
Notice Networks the right to and other information this without The should to whether such The firmware, or software this to without IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERASYS NETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS MANUAL OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, EVEN IF ENTERASYS NETWORKS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNOWN, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. tested its software with However, because strongly to write and then that the Licensed Software, to with which Networks or warranties to the that the Licensed Software Copyright rights Printed the United States of America. P.O. NH Enterasys, NetSight, and E7 of SPECTRUM BRIM DNI FNB INA Integrated Network Architecture LANVIEW LANVIEW Access and TRMM and Bridge/Router Interface BRIM-A100 CRBRIM-W/E CRXMIM CXRMIM Network Interface Distributed LAN Distributed Network DLM DNSMIM E1000 E2000 E3000 EFDMIM EMM-E6 EMME EPIM EPIM-3PS EPIM-A EPIM-C EPIM-F1 EPIM-F2 EPIM-F3 EPIM-T EPIM-T1 EPIM-X ESXMIM ETSMIM ETWMIM FDCMIM-04 FDCMIM-08 FDMMIM FDMMIM-04 Network FOMIM FORMIM IRBM IRM IRM-2 IRM-3 Interface MIM MMAC MMAC-3 MMAC-3FNB MMAC-5 MMAC-5FNB MMAC-8 MMAC-8FNB MMAC-M8FNB MRX MRXI MRXI-24 NB20E NB25E NB30 NB35 NBR-220/420/620 RMIM Switching SFPS SPECTRUM SPECTRUM SPIM-A SPIM-C SPIM-F1 SPIM-F2 SPIM-T SPIM-T1 TPMIM TPMIM-22 TPMIM-T1 TPRMIM TPRMIM-36 TPT-T TRBMIM TRMM-2 TRMMIM and TRXI of Inc.
Macintosh, and and Apple Remote Access and EtherTalk of Apple Computer, Inc. of American Conversion ST and C++ of AT&T and VINES of Inc. ciscoSystems, and AGS+ and Router, CRM, IGS, and MGS of Inc. and GatorPrint, GatorShare, GX-M, and of Inc. CompuServe of CompuServe Incorporated of Inc. CTERM, and ULTRIX and DEC, DEC C++, DECstation, VAX DOCUMENT, VMA, and VT of Corporation and ASX-100 of Inc. PC/TCP of FTP Software, Inc. HP of Inc. AIX, IBM, OS/2, and PS/2 and AT, PC, PC-DOS, PC/XT, AT, RISC and Workplace Shell of International Corporation and and of Corporation Microsoft, MS-DOS, and of Microsoft Corporation Chameleon, ChameleonNFS, Chameleon and NEWT of NETMANAGE, Inc. NetWare and and Internetwork (IPX), IPX, and Network (NFS) of Inc. and MS and Software Foundation, OSF, OSF/1, and OSF/Motif of The Software Foundation, Inc. Graphics and IRIS and and IRIX of Graphics, Inc. NFS, PC-NFS, SPARC, Microsystems, and Workstation and SPARCstation, SPARCstation IPC, SPARCstation IPX, and of Microsystems, Inc. OPEN LOOK and UNIX of Unix Inc. Ethernet, NS, Network and XNS of Corporation
ANNEX, ANNEX-II, ANNEX-3, ANNEX-802.5, MICRO-ANNEX-XL, and MICRO- ANNEX-ELS of Inc. and of Inc. Restricted Rights Notice (Applicable to to the United States Government only.) or the Government to as forth of the Rights Technical and Software DFARS New Hampshire This software with restricted rights. It used, reproduced, or the Government as of this Notice or as otherwise stated the This software Notwithstanding the this software published copyrighted software, to the Government, without prohibitions, with the rights forth of this other rights or the or of this software to stated or incorporated the This Notice of this software, whole or Used or or with the or which it including Government to which such or Used or which it (archives) or or combined with other software, that the combined, or of the software incorporating restricted software to the restricted rights; Disclosed to and service with through of this the Government such or reproduction to these restricted rights; and Used or or to
Introduction to this related software the FN100 to the FN100 this to as reference NetSight the FN100. of the Network of switches, the FN100 foundation high Ethernet switching The FN100 high performance, Ethernet switch to or connectivity or twisted-pair (UTP) and/or (MM) The FN100 consists of or TX or FX and, the of the TX or The FN100 IEEE and includes built-in SNMP and MIB II, PPP, and MIB. Each chapter this functionality or of functionalities of the FN100 This information about software which directly from the Chapter Introduction of related software and shows to the Technical Assistance Chapter The FN100 Chassis the of the FN100- switch and to the within the Chassis the of chassis-level functions and Chapter FN100 Switching the FN100 Switching to and assigning the to of four switches. Chapter
Introduction Related Software Related Chapter FN100 using the FN100 to allowing to increase when or switches connected. Chapter Workgroup specifying of and the type(s) of or both) that to those thereby allowing to from through every The FN100 only of to information about the to through NetSight Other which include information related to the FN100 Administration (RMON) and information about the of the FN100, the NetSight interface of which to and which the of which they appear of of the appears below; that the information repeated the of and/or
Common FN100 Software information displayed the top of NetSight as illustrated MAC IP Showing Informational Text the of the The the the SNMP IP the IP Address; this the IP to the IP assigned the FN100; they NetSight Location the location of the The location through the the SNMP Location Introduction
Introduction the Software MAC the MAC associated with the IP to the when to NetSight This factory-set and Informational the boards and/or displayed the of the the amount of that the FN100 the This Windows-compatible with buttons; three should the operation of the when following this Procedures within the NetSight to these buttons as follows: Right operations, this that the (primary) to used, and to activating or include instructions about which button to instances which right (secondary) functionality instructions explicitly to right Also, where switching buttons the or instructions explicitly to both and right buttons.
Software Instructions to operation include the following terms: to the without Clicking to the the indicated then and release the button. This commonly to or such as or buttons. Double-clicking to the the indicated then and release the This commonly to operation, such as from that there distinction and motion. Pressing to the the indicated then and the the action completed. It often to operations. to the the while holding the It often operations to information from of the another, and to highlight The that appears the of allows to and terminate You to this to necessary and them clicking OK or Apply OK or Apply appears that allows to and SET to those to this to each other once and the with the button. The text with information to the information concerning buttons, The buttons, Bridge the or commands that topic. topic (three Statistics... or associated with that topic. Introduction
Introduction from the Technical Assistance This section of or while using NetSight You the FN100 buttons to information to the appear which on-screen that the of the and their associated and options. If implemented the associated From the from the Chassis to the Chassis as as the Chassis reference. to Chapter information the Chassis and Chassis of the the Microsoft facility. If with this of from the or to from the NetSight NOTE If technical related to NetSight the Technical of the following hours PO NH FTP: ftp.ctron.com anonymous BBS: 8N1:
and NetSight to NetSight the following To information, to the the highest tested with NetSight to the from the NetSight group. If earlier of firmware and Technical information. NOTE Introduction
Introduction
The FN100 Chassis About the Chassis the Chassis The FN100 Chassis the that immediately informs of the of switch graphical The Chassis as of to other FN100 and which the following To the FN100 Chassis of the following or tree the FN100 to or or tree the once to the FN100 to Select from the NetSight or the or or tree the right once to the FN100 to On the to Chapter
The FN100 Chassis Chassis Information Information Chassis Information The FN100 Chassis graphic of the FN100, including which immediately informs of the and of the switch and its FN100 Chassis clicking of the chassis graphical (as this chapter), or using the the top of the Chassis of the that to and the the hand to that clicking the location option. TIP The and below the the following information: IP The assigned to the FN100 appears the title of the Chassis this field the IP to the FN100 IP assigned This the of NetSight and the FN100. On FN100, the as On FN100, the network as
Chassis Information the FN100 to that the FN100 temporary stand-by while to physical the that inactive this stand-by unknown established with the FN100. the FN100 to off or the other reason). The amount of that the FN100 the If The FN100 this chapter), this field the currently If or the this MAC The physical assigned to the interface associated with the IP to the when to NetSight MAC factory-set and the FN100 the of this release. NOTE Prom The of BOOT PROM the FN100. The of firmware the FLASH The 24-hour the clock. The the clock. The FN100 Chassis
The FN100 Chassis Chassis Information clicking of the FN100 Chassis with and as as which apply to the The following displays the and to the to the FN100 Chassis The From the the Chassis the following which displays containing of the the Source to through which interface specified MAC searching the Ethernet MicroLAN switches search the Source Table (SAT). If the specified MAC located, of interface(s) through which the displayed. Group... which allows to the FN100 SNMP MIB II. to the SNMP further information. I/F Summary which allows to statistics (displayed both graphically and numerically) the each interface FN-10. I/F Summary Information information.
Chassis Information Switching... which the FN100 Switching allowing to and assigning the to of four switches. Chapter FN100 Switching which allows to the FN100 to increase when or switches connected. Chapter FN100 Workgroups... which that specifying of and the type(s) of or both) that to those thereby allowing to from through every Chapter Workgroup Bridge which that of information each interface, and allows to other related options. to the chapter the which the FN100 Chassis The The allows to the information that displayed the text the Chassis allows to of three type displays: Bridge, or the of each interface as of the theoretical or allows to the of each interface as of the of the interface. I/F the interface associated with each FN100 switch. I/F the of the network attached to each The of the I/F the interface type of each the FN100 Eth (ethernet-csmacd) the interfaces, and PPP the Bridge to the type of which TP FN100. information the options this The FN100 this chapter. The FN100 Chassis
The FN100 Chassis Chassis Information The From the select: MIB to the MIB information. This selection from the the top of the NetSight to the information the MIB RMON the Remote Network RMON its own MIB RMON launched from the the to MIB information FN100 interfaces that assigned to the switch. MIB information interfaces assigned to switch other than the switch FN100 Switching and the switch NOTE The The Supported which the Chassis The Chassis this chapter, Chassis which with information specifically related to the Chassis and Chassis About Chassis which the Chassis The The offers the following selections: which the selected the this chapter. Performance Graph... which allows to the through selected This information both numerically and graphically, as chapter. Source Addressing... which displays of MAC that through the selected I/F Statistics... which allows to information about the selected Interface this chapter. CSMACD Stats... which graphically displays and the selected CSMACD Statistics this chapter.
The FN100 Selecting Chassis Information which the selected or off; I/F Summary Information information. the Chassis each the FN100 its below); to this of the options the as the following To the of Click the the top of the Chassis appear. (and to the right, necessary) to the information to The the information. options You four Bridge FWD (forwarding), DIS LIS LRN (learning), BLK BRK or UNK (unknown). Bridge interface ON or OFF ON or OFF If selected the Bridge considered: FWD (forwarding) when the interface and forwarding from to another. DIS when the interface and or this interface. LIS when the interface information to the It Bridge Unit (BPDU) while to to the forwarding LRN (learning) when the created, or the Tree of topology BLK when the interface from the FN100 from to another. The FN100 Chassis
The FN100 Chassis Chassis Information BRK when the physical interface malfunctioned. UNK (unknown) the interfaces If selected Bridge the the interface assigned to each (which or match the displayed the I/F option below). If selected the considered: ON the OFF the If selected the considered: ON the actively forwarding and OFF the currently and If choose the interface the of network each the This reflects the connected to the to the theoretical or of Ethernet If choose the the interface the of the of each the that This reflects the of the connected to that to the of the The the Options...>Polling option from the to the information NOTE I/F If choose the I/F each text its MIB II I/F If choose the I/F the text boxes the of the connected to each The of the
The Chassis Chassis Information I/F If choose the I/F the text the type Eth, PPP) of each as the MIB II The Bridge incorporates the following FWD, DIS, LIS/LRN, BLK, BRK, and UNK. The and the following ON, OFF. the I/F I/F and I/F to the recently selected which incorporates its The FN100 its functionality from of and IETF RFCs, and its MIB of MIB grouping of MIB each of FN100 information its own that there one-to-one and MIB MIB might from and RFCs. The Chassis read-only that displays the and the MIB and, therefore, the functionality the currently To the Chassis Click the the top of the Chassis to Supported and release. The FN100 Chassis
The FN100 Chassis The which the functionality both and IETF MIB theres one-to-one and MIB the the Chassis Information Chassis to the graphical options information about the physical characteristics of the FN100 and its Choosing the option the that the Choosing the option the interface that that interface selected. the type of select, of the following appear:
the Source the to the performance and information the the Chassis with the to and operating properly. the FN100 of locating interface statistics and CSMACD statistics, as as and the the Source option, the searched the specified MAC If found, the field the Bridge indicating that the found interface, and the Instance field the assigned to the which the located. You Cant Source Address Instance of or reported. This that the MAC through the backplane instead of through front interface. NOTE To the Source Click the Chassis Click Source The Source as shown The FN100 Chassis
The FN100 Chassis the Source The Source displays the following information: the type of interface through which the specified MAC communicating. This field Bridge Instance the which the specified MAC found. To the Source the field, the of the Source to MAC or the text the Source to the XX-XX-XX-XX-XX-XX If the MAC of specified and then NetSight the from the Ethernet to the The the of specified and then MAC NOTE Click the It! Processing the the of the
I/F Summary Information the If the specified MAC located, of the interface(s) through which the displays the the of the the of interfaces through which the MAC communicating. If the specified MAC found, Source found If the MAC incorrect MAC MAC displays. the the XX-XX-XX-XX-XX-XX NOTE The I/F Summary option from the statistics the each interface The to statistics that and each interface. To the I/F Summary From the the option from the Click to I/F Summary and release. The I/F Summary appear. I/F Summary The I/F Summary of information about each interface as as statistics which each interfaces performance. The FN100 Chassis
The FN100 Chassis Interface Performance Statistics/Bar the The following information each interface: The field the amount of that the the The assigned to each interface the The type of the interface, distinguished the physical/link immediately below the ethernet-csmacd both and Ethernet front interfaces) and PPP. text of the interface: or Network Physical the physical or of the interface: or the or of the interface: or The (and, where the accompanying to the right of the interface summary of interface performance. You the to and the which those displayed the directly the interface as follows: the right-most field, the arrow and the which to the selected statistic: Counts or Rate only when the selected Counts or Rate the Graph from the interface NOTE Once selected the the arrow the field to specify the to that the options from this the selected.
the the statistics (and where refresh to the choice, as below. Counts The count of received or the indicated interface counters counts the following Octets Octets the interface, including characters. (both and the interface and to higher-layer the interface that though them from to higher to free the the interface that contained that them from to higher-layer Unknown received the interface that of unknown or Octets Octets transmitted the interface, including characters. transmitted, the of higher the interface to subnetwork (both and Outbound that the interface though that would them from transmitted. reason would to the Outbound that transmitted the interface they The of the indicated interface the to the theoretical of the to which the connected further the following Octets The of this interface, as of the theoretical The FN100 Chassis
The FN100 Chassis Interface the Octets The of this interface, as of the theoretical this option, Graph field to the interface this field when the selected Rate The count the selected the The the as those Counts. to the Counts section, of each The Interface Statistics MIB-II interface information including counts both and and and buffering information each interface. Color- charts graphically statistics both and Unicast, Discarded, and To the Interface Statistics the I/F Summary to the interface which to statistics. Click The I/F Statistics appear. Interface Statistics
the You this information the I/F Statistics option the TIP Three informational appear the of the the interface the currently selected interface: Ethernet or the MAC (physical) of the selected interface. the interface type of the selected ethernet-csmacd. The of the the following and statistics; that the first four statistics graphically the charts. Unicast the of transmitted to or from this interface that These statistics displayed the chart, Non-Unicast the of to or from this interface that that than the The field includes count of those that These statistics the chart, the of which though they that would typically to free when the becomes this occurring routinely, it that overwhelming the To this to or to or switches. These statistics displayed the chart, the of received or that These statistics displayed the chart, red. The FN100 Chassis
The FN100 Chassis the Unknown only) the of which they created unknown or only) the of the selected interface. only) the of currently from this interface. The amount of memory to and the the the the FN100 to Transmitted only) the of this interface. of Statistics The statistics this of interface using the statistics to of interfaces activity To the of input To the of Transmitted Transmitted To the of inbound and outbound Transmitted To the of inbound that To the of outbound that Transmitted The Interface Statistics offer or These options the Interface which the Group... from the to SNMP information the and Interface NOTE
CSMACD Statistics the The CSCMACD Statistics statistics each interface FN100. and displayed this Three charts allow to the breakdowns of each statistics group. To the CSMACD Statistics from the Chassis Click the to the Choose CSMACD The following appear The CSMACD Statistics from the Bridge the chapter the information. NOTE CSMACD Statistics of the and below. The of interface that of from The FN100 Chassis
The FN100 Chassis the MAC formation or from cabling that corrupting or FCS The of interface that of length, the FCS FCS, or when somehow each transmitted, the (FCS) based the of the and that to the The interface the the FCS the to and counted as FCS SQE the of that the SQE the PLS sublayer the selected interface. The SQE Quality the each If the SQE SQE to the interface to that the malfunctioning. the of that the or asserted when to interface. the action interface to to to the to other interface If the interface of and then to Too the amount of this interface that the MAC The of that to the interface to internal MAC sublayer These counted Too or FCS with the internal MAC the of of that the selected interface while the of which the first this interface the
Collision and the MAC The of which to internal MAC sublayer This counted this there Collisions, Collisions, or The of of that occurred while the selected interface attempting to the of the selected interface which the of transmitted the selected interface which than the of that this interface than the of the or than the of from this interface which to the of of that occurred from this interface. From the the FN100 Chassis and the that from the entirely. The Tree operations. connected to the with each other, they cant with the or with other to the the from the through the Learning and states, to the accordingly. The FN100 Chassis
The FN100 Chassis the To or Click the The appear. Click to the or to the You to this Bridge Click OK and or information about and to the of each the chapter the NOTE
FN100 Switching FN100 switches; switching Switching The FN100 Switching allows to and assigning the to of four switches. This to users and the amount and type of that each group. this to four that include physical attached to the front physical and assigned to Switch and would as they actually the physical this and physical allowing the to and the switch both as switch assigned ID and treated as Tree. The ID each switch based the MAC of the each with the lowest The Switch which of the four switches information the Tree each switch treated as Tree, only which assigned to the Switch Tree and correctly the Bridge To the FN100 Switching from the FN100 Chassis Click to the to Switching... and release. The Switching appear.
FN100 Switching Switch Performing Switching The Switching The Switching of four buttons each switch) each of the The each The Switching features: the clicked, the FN100 its switch and that occurred the (or the clicked) reflected the To assign the to of the four switches: each that to to switch, the the beneath the that to the switch Click Apply The Switching to the If the Switching to to switch other than the as the switch, those correctly the Bridge This because each switch ID and treated as Tree. To correctly these the Bridge the switch using the Switch field. NOTE
Switch Performing Switching switch which of the four switches Tree and reflected the FN100 Bridge the switch, those which assigned to the selected switch correctly displayed the Bridge other UNKNOWN To switch FN100: Click the to the Switch: field the of the Switching The Switch appear. The Switch the switch Allowable or Click OK to the switch Click to the without the FN100 to Switch The Switch to NOTE FN100 Switching
FN100 Switching Performing Switching
FN100 The Table and of the 802.1D Tree allows to increase when or switches connected. 10/100BASE-T switches or of the of the the created when or the switch which physically connected to the switch. creating group, each another or of the of effectively acts as The Tree to allow the which group. or the Table to switch, allowing to to four or of the of the interfaces. Although than FN100 than the prohibits the of than If and establish ninth the If of the the then that to switch which group. NOTE You of interface to the however, the higher to the as the effectively the CAUTION Chapter
FN100 The The To the from the FN100 Chassis Click to the to and release. The appear. The The the the of the which displays the following information about each interface which the State Indicates the The closed and the to establish the received oneway and the to establish incoming that
The the the other of the the established and the actively the group. the established and the actively the group; however, the of temporarily to membership. the rejected. Indicates that and the of service the clears. time-out another initiated to establish the Bridge the MAC of the ID. The Bridge field to which to which group. the the ID. NOTE IP the IP to reason when the These and their reasons the with when activated or when the MIB that tree BPDU received, indicating that the or that the of the connected the of the and the (acknowledgment the of the and the FN100
FN100 The the to with other this If another the group, this then included the group. too-many-groups the of reached, and This the clears. acknowledgment) this and the perturbed-threshold and the the of the within its group. Count the of within the group. the seconds) the The of the displays the selection which, when with the and buttons the of the allows to or selected The selection each of the their or their MIB II ifIndex, and ifSpeed. the or NOTE The Table features: Clear the Clear clicked, selections the selection deselected. the clicked, the FN100 information, and that occurred the (or the clicked) reflected the
and The To FN100 the the selection which would to Click The to include the selection. and each which to 802.1D Tree about seconds to which FN100 to become forwarding within become within the momentarily to the first-in, first-out of Ethernet FN switches there other those The FN100 though, that the switches both of the their which the NOTE To FN100 using the the selection which would to Click The to the selection. and each which to FN100
FN100 The
Workgroup Workgroups explained; and from this The Workgroups allows to from through This the to those that the traffic. You specifying of and the type(s) of or both) that to those Each to than group. to switch. To the Workgroups from the FN100 Chassis Click to the to Workgroups... and release. The Workgroups appear.
Workgroup Workgroup Workgroup Workgroups You and existing as as from this The Workgroup the top of the each existing with its information. The section of this allows to the of group, including and The Workgroup section of the allows to choose the that included the The IP IP and IPX Network the section of the Workgroups to the FN100 and therefore Though they appear this the once of below), these NOTE To or using the Workgroups To existing the the Workgroup The selected information reflected the and Workgroup sections of the the the of this The characters. You the to the
Workgroup Workgroup Choose the of created or This whether this or both and The following this both and this Unicast this If necessary, the Refresh to selected the Selection the Workgroup the selection to the would to include this Each that the Network PPP inclusion Click or Apply existing New to the Workgroup and to existing reflected the Workgroup to or the Workgroup highlight the to Click the highlighted To this reflected the Workgroup Refresh The currently displayed. Workgroup
Workgroup Workgroup
BLK (Blocking) Bridge BRK C Chassis Chassis command buttons Work Switch Work DIS (Disabled) Firmware, FWD Technical Assistance I/F I/F I/F Summary interface performance statistics I/F Summary I/F Interface Interface Statistics IP Count LIS Location LRN (Learning) MAC Index Index-1
MIB (Non-Unicast) Non-Unicast OK oneway Transmitted perturbed-threshold Physical Ports, Rate Counts Bridge IP Tree Index-2 technical too-many-groups and UNK Unknown switches Switching Workgroup Workgroups