Network Access P/N
Networks the right to and other information this and its without The should to whether such The firmware, or software this to without IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERASYS NETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS DOCUMENT, WEB SITE, OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THEM, EVEN IF ENTERASYS NETWORKS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNEW OF, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Inc. MA Inc. rights March ENTERASYS, ENTERASYS NETSIGHT, ENTERASYS NETWORKS and associated therewith, or of Inc., the United States and other countries. other this or of their respective URL: URL: Notice
Related The NAC the technical the and of the Network Access (NAC) The includes the following information: information about... to... of the NAC and the NAC and the out-of-band NAC Gateway The four NAC and their NAC that the of out-of-band including and whether to out-of-band NAC. and both out-of-band and NAC This who and their reading this that the Network Access Whitepaper the following The below information the NAC They Format (PDF) the following NAC and instructions the NAC NAC Gateway Appliance the of the NAC Gateway SNSTAGHPA and SNSTAGLPA NAC Gateway Appliance the of the NAC SNSTAGITA Chapter NAC Procedures About This NAC
About This NAC to NAC to NAC and to authentication and the the the Enforcer Appliance instructions the the Enforcer (or another The the NAC and the Enforcer the the instructions the the The the NAC and the related to NAC products or this Networks of the following World www.enterasys.com/support (toll-free U.S. and or To the Networks toll-free country: www.enterasys.com/support To type [NetSight] the To concerning this to the Technical Publications Please include the technical the following ready: service of the of action(s) already to the switches or the The and of Networks products the of (such as type, other information) Network and the of known) The history the or this recurring Authorization (RMA)
NAC Functionality This chapter of the Network (NAC) including of NAC and It the and optional of the NAC and the NAC of and the outofband NAC of outofband information about... to NAC NAC Summary NAC that authentication, and location services to authorize and the of service The NAC that only users and the location, the right and with security to which with security the NAC assisted remediation, allowing users to selfservice to the The NAC the authentication, authorization, and remediation. These combinations, as the following section of the NAC Detection when and where to the Authentication the identity of the or connecting to the NAC the through authentication (proxying to RADIUS of 802.1X, webbased (PWA), and MAC authentication as as MAC authentication. This both and the NAC
NAC the with security and such as operating patch and Other security might include the physical location of the and the of the Authorization the the connecting based the authentication and/or and this authorization to the The authorization based the location, MAC and security (as the to the identity of the through authentication. The authorized such as switches or NAC the of traffic. and outofband NAC authorizing the each with and as this chapter. Remediation users to their without impacting IT operations. With remediation, users when their security and they directed to selfservice remediation to the include redirection and service integration, others. The includes the to security operating patches and and reinitiating the process. Network reallocated to that the without the intervention of IT operations. The NAC functions to implemented NAC to MAC and other users the the authentication, and authorization without the functionality. This allows IT to who using which the while allowing only users to the another the functionality to the authentication, and authorization of without the remediation functionality, allowing the of connecting This the security and of connecting without impacting connectivity, and and software the IT The four NAC below each other of the NAC aspects of NAC functionality, the of With each the NAC functionality without the to of the NAC
Detection and Tracking This NAC the of NAC functionality. It the to and where they currently to the and where they to the the This information and as as other operations that the and historical of and users. Authorization This NAC the authentication and authorization NAC to to based and identity and location. The MAC or where forced to identity allowed to the Following measured access, without the intervention of operations. Authorization with This NAC the authentication and authorization NAC to to based the security of connecting as as and identity and location. that with restrictive to the of security threats the while the with measured of access. Alternatively, and users and of the This approach allows IT to the of the without impacting their connectivity or This approach implemented the rollout of the NAC This NAC the of functionality or the to to services, to the Authorization with and Remediation This NAC the authentication authorization and NAC functionalities, the and of Assisted webbased to inform of security and allow users to their without impacting IT operations. NAC NAC
NAC NAC Table NAC NAC NAC Appliance NetSight NAC NetSight Optional Optional RADIUS Optional Optional Optional Optional NetSight Optional Optional Optional Optional NetSight Inventory Optional Optional Optional Optional The NAC Appliance This section the and optional of the NAC with the following that the each of the four Detection and Tracking RADIUS only out-of-band NAC implemented with the NAC and 802.1X or web-based authentication the NetSight NAC NetSight switches the and as the or authorization connecting allows the and of to switches the consistency and ease of of the authorization connecting NetSight Inventory switches the ease of firmware and the The NAC of the NAC and NAC It the to authenticate, and the authorization of to to the It with or to services to the security of connecting to the Once authentication and the NAC effects the authorization of the the to the based authentication and/or If authentication and/or the the NAC the to the the with restrictive of or access, the The NAC the remediation functionality of Remediation that the Remediation informs when their to security and allows users to their without from IT operations. Authorization Authorization with Authorization with and Remediation
NAC Gateway Appliance NAC Appliance offers of NAC the NAC Gateway outof and the NAC The following section each NAC The NAC Gateway to outofband connecting With the NAC Gateway, connecting the through their RADIUS authentication Based the and authentication connecting RADIUS or the authentication to authorize the the authenticating switch. Therefore, the NAC Gateway anywhere the topology with the that IP connectivity the authenticating switches and the NAC The NAC Gateway the of wired or wireless as the authorization of authentication and authorization based the authentication the the NAC Gateway integrated functionality and/or the to to services, to the security of connecting to the Three NAC to the of and SNSTAGITA to and integrated (A integrated This NAC Gateway both (networkbased) and agentbased to the to as integrated the to as only. The SNSTAGITA the to to including and Enforcer. SNSTAGHPA to and the to to including and Enforcer. SNSTAGLPA to and the to to including and Enforcer. The NAC to With the NAC through the of from Based the and authentication the authorization of the locally the NAC assigning of forwarding to as to sourced the The NAC the topology within the LAN or routed boundaries, with sourced from this the of to throughput with hardwarebased forwarding, Enterasysbuilt Application Integrated The NAC to where wired or wireless the NAC NAC
NAC of authentication and/or authorization. The NAC IPSec and SSL VPN The NAC integrated functionality and both (networkbased) and agentbased (A integrated It the to to including and Enforcer. The NAC of of operation: or The of operation the NAC the and selected based where the NAC the relation to these If the NAC the first routed boundary connecting to the of the the NAC this of operation, the NAC connecting the from MAC If the NAC the first routed boundary the the NAC this of operation, the NAC the from IP With the NAC both and of operation, the NAC the topology to the of and security. The NAC 2S408225SYS NAC to 7S428019SYS SFP NAC to
Appliance The following the NAC the NAC Table of Appliance Functionality NAC Function NAC NAC Detection RADIUS authentication sourced from from switches. the Authentication authentication, RADIUS authentication to RADIUS which of authentication, the NAC Gateway locally whether the connecting MAC access. localized, integrated agent-based and/ or or agent-based and/or of and Enforcer) The SNS-TAG-ITA Gateway Authorization switches, the assigned of forwarding and/or VLAN based the authentication and third-party switches, the assigned VLAN RFC based the authentication and Remediation Captive the the NAC NAC Gateway. integrated functionality required. NAC It to authentication the NAC and instead the authentication of the downstream such as authenticating to wireless LAN or VPN Alternatively, the NAC MAC where the username and LDAP, allowed to to the implemented using localized, integrated agent-based and/or or based and/or using of and Enforcer) assigned of the NAC based authentication and NAC
NAC Table the and of the as they to security, and of Appliance and NAC NAC Restricted to wired and wireless with authentication and authorization functionality. required. More the NAC Gateway that authentication the and that the authenticating switches of authorizing based the RADIUS authentication Security More the authorization to the of the switch. Therefore, offending threat to of catering to wired and wireless as as VPN of type. More to the NAC with the there authentication and downstream functionality. The authorization farther from the of offending threat to downstream from the NAC the implemented the NAC when through the
NetSight NetSight NAC of Appliance and NAC Gateway NAC NAC The NAC Gateway of the MAC of the to the and its associated IP username, and location (switch IP and Therefore, NAC to authenticate, assess, and authorize and users locations the the NAC Gateway out-of- band). Therefore, increased of NAC The NAC monitored, and through within the NetSight NetSight family of products of NetSight and of applications. the following NetSight applications, NetSight NAC and NetSight four NAC while NetSight and NetSight Inventory optional, and the to Following of the NetSight applications. NetSight NAC the NAC NAC and NAC to NAC the authentication, authorization, and remediation NAC (NAC Gateways and NAC from interface. these enforced, the NAC authenticate, assess, authorize, and to the to those specifications. NAC While the NAC the MAC of the connecting and the associated username, the NAC this information. Therefore, the NAC the to authenticate, assess, and authorize and users, and NAC connected the Furthermore, and NAC to the to which connected, and to the based switch because based forwarding of Enterasys-built implemented to throughput the NAC NAC
Summary NetSight NetSight NetSight Inventory RADIUS Summary NetSight to the health and of the including switches, routers, NAC (NAC and NAC as as other security NetSight NAC to NetSight and NetSight with NAC the NAC The NetSight the to centrally and the authorization or NAC NAC and the to and the NAC recommended outofband NAC that include switches the and the to centrally these switches. This of includes of the Assessing, and to the The NetSight Inventory optional of the NAC inventory and RADIUS with directory services implemented the NAC 802.1X or webbased (PWA) authentication of with outofband Furthermore, RADIUS authenticating RADIUS the If the NAC includes or the as integrated of the NAC or as services. The NAC the authentication, authorization, and remediation. NAC with each aspects of NAC functionality. Detection and Tracking to what to the who these and where the connected. Authorization authentication and authorization to based user and identity and location.
Authorization with authentication and authorization to based the security of as as user and identity and location. This the of integrated functionality or the to to services, to the Authorization with and Remediation authentication authorization and remediation the to and The NAC of the NAC and NAC It the to authenticate, and authorize to to the It with or to services to of to the Once authentication and the NAC authorizes the the to the based authentication and/or The NAC functionality, allowing users to their without impacting IT operations. offers of NAC The NAC Gateway outofband and the of wired or wireless the The NAC and to where or wireless the The NAC IPSec and SSL VPN The NAC and through NetSight applications. NetSight NAC and NetSight four NAC NAC the authentication, authorization, and remediation NAC while NetSight to the health and of the including switches, routers, and NAC NetSight and NetSight Inventory optional NetSight the to centrally and the authorization or outofband NAC and NAC Inventory inventory and The chapter of the four NAC including their and NAC Summary
Summary
Detection and Tracking Out-of-Band NAC This chapter the four NAC and they each other to NAC The first of the NAC functions (as Chapter and each functionality without the to existing of the NAC This allows businesses who the early of NAC to phased approach to NAC while from the each the information about... to Detection and Tracking Authorization Authorization with Authorization with and Remediation This NAC the first NAC function, The of connecting the with what to the who these and where the connected. NAC the first phase consists of tracking the and users connected to the to and the the It to that this the NAC authorizing leaving this to the the switch. The to the and allocated businessasusual to while the NAC the and of these and whether or outof implemented. outofband NAC the NAC Gateway as follows. the of webbased or 802.1X authentication, with the of RADIUS from switch to authenticate The NAC NAC
Detection and Tracking NAC NAC and NAC RADIUS AccessAccept or AccessReject received from the RADIUS without to the switch, to to the MAC authentication, RADIUS AccessAccept to the switch without based RADIUS AccessAccept from the RADIUS or authorization of MAC authentication The authenticating to the network based the of the switch. NAC the NAC detected the NAC this the through the NAC to the and the connectivity of the another with the authentication of downstream 802.1X, webbased, and/or MAC authentication the NAC These authentication or the NAC NAC the NAC sourced from IP the NAC The through the NAC to the and the connectivity of the There of functionality and and Tracking the to track MAC as the from switch to switch and the identity to its IP every it Furthermore, the associated to the and IP as as usernamebased authentication (802.1X or webbased authentication) or MAC implemented with the NAC Gateway, or users to to Microsoft with the NAC functionality. these the NAC who, what, when, and where and to the This information centrally the NetSight NAC historical that or troubleshooting this information easily searched to which currently connected to the or which currently allocated IP This (IP MAC username, location), which each useful and and the rollout of the NAC IP-to-ID functionality Security Information (SIM) This NAC SIM such as the Security Command (DSCC), to userfocused information about the Traditionally, SIM information (such as IP about threats, through the correlation, and of
and Optional Authorization and information the NAC to information to SIM IP to identity, such as MAC or username and location, of the or the this the NAC further the operation of existing security the This section the and optional Detection and Tracking Detection and Tracking NAC Appliance NetSight NAC NetSight Optional RADIUS Optional NetSight Optional NetSight Inventory Optional The NAC Gateway and NAC the NAC to the outof and functionality the NetSight NAC the software to the NAC the NetSight the software to the health and of the including switches, routers, and NAC (NAC Gateways and NAC functionality optional this security when to the RADIUS outofband the NAC Gateway, or using the NAC implemented with based and/or 802.1X authentication. NetSight additional and authorization to this NetSight Inventory optional inventory and This NAC the authentication, and authorization of connecting to to based and identity, as as location. and and the This IT operations what connected to the who using these and where these connected. the Authorization NAC
Authorization Out-of-Band NAC NAC NAC identity, identity, and/or location information to authorize the with of access. It to that this based introduced the NAC detected, authenticated, and authorized whether or outofband implemented. outofband NAC the NAC Gateway, NAC functions the following Detection the of RADIUS from switch to authenticate Authentication If the 802.1X or authenticating to the the NAC Gateway the RADIUS authentication to authentication (RADIUS) to the identity of the connecting to the that MAC authenticating to the the NAC Gateway to the MAC authentication to RADIUS or locally authorize MAC authentication the NAC If MAC authentication the and the NAC Gateway to locally authorize MAC authentication then RADIUS the NAC Authorization The NAC Gateway the to the based identity, identity, and location. switches, the NAC Gateway information the RADIUS authentication that the switch to assign to the RFC switches, the NAC Gateway information the RADIUS authentication the of RFC VLAN attributes) that the switch to VLAN to the The NAC Gateway the to the RADIUS AccessReject to the switch or assign the of specifying or VLAN to assign to the authenticated the switch. NAC the or NAC NAC functions implemented the following Detection detected the of RADIUS from switch to authenticate Authentication One of authentication the NAC Authentication altogether, trusting that the downstream authenticated the and access. MAC implemented to the where username and and/or username and Authorization The NAC the to the assigning locally the to the sourced from the
and The NAC the to the or assign the to of specifying to the features and found the following of functionality and Authorization: Location-Based Authorization to who, what, when, and where and users connecting to the this allows IT operations to to the with of authorization based these location based authorization, the NAC of to connecting or based which of the the connected, through the of Security when to the from of the such as the or to the from physically office, the and authorized to information internal the users to the from of the such as the wireless LAN the or or then these authorized with of access, possibly restricting to the internal and other the Furthermore, the NAC to switch or switch the MAC If the to other switch the to or containing connected to the location, such as firewall or VLAN security reasons. Physically the of these to of the increases the of these and they would protected the security that the The MAC to the of and or the thereby reducing Device-Based Authorization With this NAC authorized with to of based the MAC the NAC where MAC of the and learned. The NAC then to allow only known MAC the assigning each authorization MAC to the assigned authorization such as access, restricted access, or allowed the to properly their to the The NAC to authorize or of (based MAC OUI with to of through the of MAC that known to infected with publicly or to user authorized with restrictive of or completely access, of where and when this to the IT operations to troubleshooting and of where and when the to the If locationbased authorization (as to this then to the IT operations Authorization NAC
Authorization NAC the NAC when the to switches the Network Operations (NOC). This of to connecting protects MAC to authorizing with of of such as IP and workstations of MAC OUI or MAC IP the MAC OUI 00:04:F2:XX:XX:XX and assigned the VLAN and high summary, devicebased authorization the of to based the identity as as location. This the to that threat to the to and or of with to of to business continuity. User-Based Authorization With this NAC authorized with to of based the the and their within the who to the the while to the HR or Furthermore, who known to the or terminated from within the authorized restrictive of or outright network access, of where and when this user to the the IT operations or to the to troubleshooting and of where and when the user to the or only from the NOC. summary, userbased authorization the of to users based the identity and authentication, as as their location the such as users that threat to the with access, and users with to the of to business continuity. MAC NAC MAC known as Network or This forces connected the to the identity allowed to the without the of IT operations. This that users without timeconsuming and costly or IT operations the and their users the and without the of authentication and directory services to these users. This identity and accounting, and forensics the Furthermore, MAC functionality to as that allowed to to the when trusted internal to the with to the username and possibly
and Optional the This username and existing the to authenticate the identity. allowed to securely where they and the that they sponsored. With sponsored IT operations trusted users accountable brought the while NAC with NetSight Automated Security NetSight Automated Security (ASM), software that of the NetSight the to search the and the switch of based the of security IP ASM to this the or assigning VLAN (such as the VLAN) to the to security threat the ASM to NAC this the MAC This effectively restricts the from the from location, If ASM the action, NAC and the and the to Therefore, the of NAC further increases the security of the integrating with the reactive threat of ASM, to and authorizing This section the and optional Table Authorization Authorization NAC Appliance NetSight NAC NetSight Optional RADIUS Optional NetSight Optional NetSight Inventory Optional The NAC Gateway and NAC the NAC to the outof and network functionality the NetSight NAC the software to centrally the NAC the NetSight the software to the health and of the including switches, routers, and NAC (NAC Gateways and NAC functionality optional because this security when to the Authorization NAC
Authorization with Authorization with Out-of-Band NAC NAC RADIUS outofband using the NAC or the NAC implemented with based and/or 802.1X authentication. NetSight NAC and recommended ofband NAC that switches. the to centrally and the authorization or NetSight Inventory optional inventory and This NAC the authentication, and authorization NAC functionalities and connected to the authorized based the identity, identity, and/or location information. the authorization NAC to the security of the as from The through agentbased or and of information about the such software operating patches software and services and registry It to that to the NAC to that fact, the rollout of NAC the highly recommended that restricted to the or This NAC allows the IT to the of the and the of its without impacting this to inform the users that they or there connectivity this the background the with their while users the as Then, when the ready, the NAC with the of to immediately that and tracked, authenticated, assessed, and authorized whether or outofband the NAC outofband NAC the NAC Gateway, NAC the following Detection Authentication The NAC Gateway services and/or services the The NAC Gateways services include which (whether FTP
NAC or the HTTP outofdate) and software operating to connecting Additionally, the NAC Gateways services include agentbased Startbased that allows of and without or firewall The NAC Gateways services include and agentbased other NAC the and/or thirdparty such as and Enforcer. to the loadbalanced of the services or This and flexibility, and the amount of to Authorization The NAC Gateway the to the based authentication, location, and/or switches, the NAC Gateway information the RADIUS authentication that the switch to assign to the RFC switches, the NAC Gateway information the RADIUS authentication the of RFC VLAN that the switch to assign VLAN to the connecting If authentication and/or the the NAC Gateway the to the RADIUS to the switch or the with highly restrictive of (or possibly access) specifying or VLAN to assign to the authenticated the switch. NAC the or NAC the NAC implemented the following Detection Authentication The NAC services and/or services the as previously the NAC The NAC services include which and services include based using Startbased that allows of and The NAC services include and agentbased with NAC Gateways and/or thirdparty such as and Enforcer. to the of the services to and while Authorization The NAC the to the based authentication and/or This implemented assigning to sourced from the locally the If authentication and/ or the the NAC the to the the with highly restrictive of or specifying Authorization with NAC
Authorization with and NAC to the features and found and the following of functionality and Authorization with Security The following of that connecting and the of these from and security software The NAC software properly protection with the and software the to infections as they and to further of the to other It to that protected with software when they to the the infected with or connectivity established. The NAC the with the operating This that services unpatched remediated, that that those they reach the the infection The NAC the infected with and which the and services, and/or registry infected to the NAC protects other the from infection and the of firewall The NAC the firewall firewall the services and the (P2P) software The NAC the with or P2P Since P2P the of copyrighted the and recreational that the NAC that this type of to This with the of copyrighted or of productivity to activity.
Application The NAC which services and and the should from the to establishing connectivity they the of the the from business or to the Furthermore, services outdated and to These services should or to the to the The NAC this of to to security and productivity when the Security NAC to effective, inclusion of the when detecting, authenticating, assessing, and authorizing The NAC and integrated security and of what type of to the business agentbased and agentbased and both to that of type included the NAC process. There reasons why both to NAC Security offer If required, to the that the and redirected to The information the and the to its there of typical that to software such as IP security or If security (or the operating the approach the to the that normally the of the IT organization. the of that and the the to or services, the and security of the and the people using It enough to to the services user allowed to access. the the as the business users, that security to the as they to This another where approach to to comprehensive NAC Both the agentbased and the and integrated together the NAC Authorization with NAC
Authorization with and Remediation and Optional Authorization with and Remediation NAC This section the and optional Table Authorization with Authorization with NAC Appliance NetSight NAC NetSight Service RADIUS Optional NetSight Optional NetSight Inventory Optional The NAC Gateway and NAC the NAC to the outof and functionality the NetSight NAC the software to centrally the NAC the NetSight the software to the health and of the including switches, routers, and NAC (NAC Gateways and NAC functionality this security RADIUS outofband the NAC with webbased and/or 802.1X authentication. NetSight NAC and recommended ofband NAC that switches. the to centrally and the authorization or NetSight Inventory optional inventory and This NAC NAC authentication, authorization, and remediation. and users connected to the authorized based the identity, identity, location, and/or security information. as to while the NAC the once restrictive authorization to to inform the of the and the they selfrepair of the This the of assisted remediation, which the NAC function introduced
Out-of-Band NAC Assisted informs users when their to security and allows users to their without from IT operations. The when to the and whose redirection that their and instructed to selfservice to the Once the and the the initiate reassessment of the and allocated the network without the intervention of IT operations. detected, authenticated, assessed, authorized, and remediated the whether or outofband implemented the NAC outofband NAC the NAC Gateway, NAC functions the following Detection Authentication Authorization Remediation the NAC Gateway, the to from the to the NAC This policybased routing router with the sourced from This router would to from to the NAC Gateway, which then back the remediation to the The the router the from of switches the or of switches RFC VLAN assignment the the to rewrite the of Service (ToS) of HTTP to that matches the policybased routing RFC the policybased routing to match the IP of the HTTP from the that to the and/or Assessing VLAN. directing the HTTP from to the NAC Gateway, the NAC Gateway back the to the Authorization with and Remediation NAC
Authorization with and Remediation NAC and NAC NAC the or NAC the NAC the following Detection Authentication Authorization Remediation the NAC sourced from the redirected to the Remediation Service the NAC The NAC then the to the the the NAC with the from to the features and found and the following of functionality and Authorization with and Remediation: Self-Service Remediation If PC and the to the expected of services, that information of this to IT, that the directly of the of service If they about the action, the that there NAC that without increase to the IT from users who to services. With the NAC networkbased and integrated. Once redirecting the to The the IT and include about why the and that causing the The and information this including header and footer information, information to the and the amount of or the of allowed to initiate remediation. Although the to the and the through of to that there to the of the to to services, they first the that actually caused the to the first to to the the where acting maliciously and threatening the and its services. Remediation and instead to the from causing The to this the of the to that completely protects and other users, allows to remediation such as with security patches. The NAC allows to established with of that and
and Optional with and characteristics as as (UDP/TCP the NAC of which that the of the severity of the or security breach. This from other NAC that offer VLAN that to This section the and optional Table Authorization with and Remediation NAC Appliance NetSight NAC NetSight Service RADIUS Optional NetSight Optional NetSight Inventory Optional The NAC and NAC the NAC to the outof and functionality the NetSight NAC the software to centrally the NAC the NetSight the software to the health and of the including switches, routers, and NAC (NAC and NAC functionality this security RADIUS outofband the NAC Gateway with webbased and/or 802.1X authentication. NetSight NAC and recommended ofband NAC that switches. the to centrally and the authorization or NetSight Inventory optional inventory and Authorization with and Remediation Authorization with and Remediation NAC
Summary Summary NAC of the NAC authentication, authorization, and remediation. functions to implemented concurrently NAC to from the The four NAC each to the IT the and to the NAC The following the and features of each Table NAC Detection and Tracking and IP-to-ID functionality Security Information (SIM). Authorization to the from Location-based authorization Security and MAC features. of or with that of authentication and authorization or users. MAC where allowed to the Location-independent action with NetSight Automated Security integration. Authorization with to the from and Security of with action integrated or Authorization with and Remediation to the from and Self-service remediation of without impacting IT operations.
Wired Access Edge This chapter four NAC that the type of NAC directly the the network the NAC while other the NAC Gateway outofband NAC used. The NAC of four as as with that the of the NAC Gateway and the NAC of the that NAC and NAC centrally the NetSight NAC software information about... to Wired Access Edge Edge Access Edge (Wired and Wireless) VPN Remote Access Summary the and wireless the to network topology where the of switches of authentication and or thirdparty switches of authentication and VLAN assignment as RFC the wired the switches that the of authentication (802.1X, webbased, or MAC) connecting and they of authorization these through and/or VLAN assignment as specified RFC this the NAC Gateway outofband the the as the authorization connecting It to that switches increased security thirdparty switches that RFC with restricted from with other users, the VLAN. VLAN as third RFC switches, threat to other NAC
Wired Edge Edge Wired Access Edge with Policy-Enabled Devices within the VLAN the authorization the of the VLAN Access The following the NAC Gateway and the other NAC together with switches to NAC Remediation NAC Gateway Switch (out-of-band NAC Functions Authenticate Authorize NAC Authentication (optionally integrated NAC Gateway)
RFC Edge Wired Access Edge with RFC Devices VLAN= VLAN= Production this the NAC and the other NAC with thirdparty switches that RFC Remediation Party Switch NAC Gateway (RFC (out-of-band NAC Functions Authenticate Authorize Wired Edge NAC Authentication (optionally integrated NAC Gateway) NAC
Wired Access Edge the wired the NAC functions implemented the following Detection The to the The switch RADIUS authentication (802.1X, webbased, or MAC authentication) with the associated to the NAC Gateway. Authentication If the authenticating to the using 802.1X or webbased authentication, the NAC Gateway the RADIUS authentication to authentication (RADIUS) to the identity of the that MAC authenticating to the the NAC Gateway to the MAC authentication to the RADIUS or locally authorize MAC authentication If MAC authentication the and the NAC Gateway to locally authorize MAC authentication RADIUS the NAC the identity of the or user authentication, the NAC Gateway of the to security The agentbased or and locally the NAC Gateways functionality and/or of Authorization Once authentication and the NAC Gateway the to the based authentication and/or switches, the NAC Gateway information the RADIUS authentication that the switch to assign to the connecting RFC switches, the NAC Gateway information the RADIUS authentication the of RFC VLAN attributes) that the switch to VLAN to the connecting If authentication and/or the the NAC Gateway the to the RADIUS to the switch, or the assigning or VLAN to the the switch. Remediation the to its redirected to Remediation that the and remediations the to to the the clicks the to access, forcing the of the At this the NAC the through the NAC of authentication, and authorization, reassessing the security of the to the followed. If the with security the NAC Gateway authorizes the with the or VLAN. If the the restricted to the and the It to that the wired of the switches and and of authenticating and authorizing locally connected to the to allow of outofband NAC with the NAC Gateway. This accomplished without the physical of the switch that authentication and authorization features. The switch of authenticating and authorizing connected through its Authentication (MUA) functionality and from thirdparty to as the
Wireless Access Edge Thin Wireless Edge the The switch of authenticating and authorizing to of from IP phone with PC to of switches to where this the acts as the switch the although physically located the authenticated using 802.1X, webbased, and/or MAC authentication and authorized the interswitch to the to the using MUA, to switches the securely with the the wireless thick Access or wireless switches with thin authentication and authorization this the NAC Gateway outofband access, the wireless as the authorization connecting thin wireless wireless switches wireless to and from the thin wireless the wireless the wireless switches of authentication webbased, or MAC) and of authorization through VLAN assignment as RFC or of userbased or The following the NAC Gateway and the other NAC together thin wireless Access Edge NAC
Access Edge Wireless Access Edge Thin with Wireless Switch VLAN= Production Remediation VLAN= Wireless Access NAC Gateway (RFC (out-of-band NAC Functions Authenticate Authorize NAC Authentication (optionally integrated NAC Gateway)
Thick Edge Wireless Access Edge AP (RFC VLAN= VLAN= Production thick wireless wireless directly the wired without the of wireless switch. Thick wireless or the wireless the functionality the The following the NAC Gateway and the other NAC thick wireless Remediation Wireless Access NAC Functions Authenticate Authorize Wireless Access Edge NAC NAC Gateway (out-of-band Authentication (optionally integrated NAC Gateway) NAC
Wireless Access Edge the wireless the NAC the following Detection The to the The wireless switch or thick AP RADIUS authentication (802.1X, webbased, or MAC authentication) with the associated to the NAC Gateway. Authentication If the authenticating to the using 802.1X or webbased authentication, the NAC Gateway the RADIUS authentication to authentication (RADIUS) to the identity of the that MAC authenticating to the the NAC Gateway to the MAC authentication to the RADIUS or locally authorize MAC authentication If only MAC authentication the and the NAC Gateway to locally authorize MAC authentication RADIUS with the NAC the identity of the or authentication, the NAC Gateway of the to security The agentbased or and locally the NAC Gateways functionality and/or remotely of Authorization Once authentication and the NAC Gateway the to the based authentication and/or wireless switches and the NAC Gateway information the RADIUS authentication that the switch to assign to the wireless the wireless switch or AP, the type of wireless RFC wireless switches and the NAC Gateway information the RADIUS authentication the of RFC VLAN attributes) that the switch to assign VLAN to the wireless If authentication and/or the the NAC the to the RADIUS or the assigning or VLAN to the wireless Remediation the to its redirected to Remediation that the and remediations the to to the remediation the user clicks the to access, forcing the of the At this the NAC the through the NAC of authentication, and authorization, reassessing the security of the to the remediation followed. If the with security the NAC Gateway authorizes the with the If the the restricted to the and the
Access Edge (Wired and Wireless) It to that the wireless of the and of authenticating and authorizing wireless to the topology to outofband NAC with the NAC Gateway. This accomplished without the physical of the switch that authentication and authorization features. The switch of authenticating and authorizing connected through Authentication (MUA), and from thirdparty wireless to as the the The switch of authenticating and authorizing to from AP, of or wireless switches. this the acts as the switch the although physically located the to the MUA, to switches the securely the the the switches and that the of authenticating and authorizing the connecting the this NAC implemented positioning the NAC the topology, as the authorization The NAC directly within the VLAN where connected or or routed boundaries. the NAC within the VLAN where connected, each its associated MAC the NAC routed boundary WAN router located each its associated IP The following the NAC and the other NAC together the to Access Edge (Wired and Wireless) NAC
Access Edge (Wired and Wireless) Access Edge (Wired and Wireless) Remediation Wired LAN Remediation Wired LAN Wireless LAN Remediation Access NAC NAC NAC Functions Authenticate (optional MAC Authorize Authentication (optionally integrated NAC
VPN Remote Access the the NAC functions the following Detection The to the and the that the NAC This sourced from MAC or IP previously the Authentication One of implemented the NAC authentication. Authentication altogether, trusting that the downstream authenticated the to the (802.1X authentication to the wireless LAN, webbased authentication to the wired LAN). Alternatively, MAC implemented, where username and and/or username and permitted. the identity of the or authentication, the NAC of the to security The agentbased or and locally the NAC functionality and/or remotely of Authorization Once authentication and the NAC the to the based authentication and/or This locally the NAC assigning to sourced from this If authentication and/or the the NAC the to the or the specifying the NAC Remediation the to its redirected to Remediation that the and remediations the to to the remediation the user clicks the to reattempt access, forcing the of the At this the NAC the through the NAC of authentication, and authorization, reassessing the security of the to the followed. If the the NAC authorizes the with the If the the restricted to the assigning to the the NAC and the the VPN VPN as termination VPN the this the NAC to authorize the and The following the NAC and the other NAC together VPN to NAC VPN Remote Access NAC
VPN Remote Access VPN Remote Access Remediation the VPN the NAC the following with the of the NAC Detection The establishes VPN with the VPN and the VPN the that the NAC This sourced from IP the Authentication Authentication altogether the NAC trusting that the downstream VPN authenticated the connecting The NAC of the to security The agentbased or and locally the NAC functionality and/or of Authorization Once authentication and the NAC the to the based authentication and/or This implemented locally the NAC assigning to sourced from the If authentication and/or the the NAC the to the or the assigning the NAC NAC VPN NAC Functions Authenticate Authorize
Summary Remediation the to its redirected to Remediation that the and remediations the user to to the remediation the user clicks the to reattempt access, forcing the of the At this the NAC the through the NAC reassessing the security of the to the followed. If the with security the NAC authorizes the with the If the the restricted to the assigning to the the NAC and the The whether to or outofband the NAC the NAC while other outofband NAC the NAC Gateway used. The following four NAC and their NAC The NAC of four as as with that the of and outofband NAC. Table Summary and Appliance wired Summary: switches the authentication and authorization connecting Appliance NAC Gateway The NAC out-of-band the switches as the authorization connecting wireless Summary: Thick Access or wireless switches with thin authentication and authorization Appliance NAC Gateway The NAC Gateway out-of-band the wireless as the authorization (wired and wireless) Summary: switches the of authentication and authorization Appliance NAC implemented positioning the NAC the topology as the authorization traffic. NAC Summary
Summary Table Summary and Appliance Summary: VPN VPN as termination VPN the Appliance NAC implemented the NAC to locally authorize
the NAC This chapter the should as NAC The first to the that business Then, the to NAC Based this to whether to or ofband information about... to the NAC the Network or Out-of-band NAC Summary NAC the first to the NAC or phased of that NAC business objectives. The four below. information each Chapter NAC Detection and Tracking NAC as they to the the location, MAC IP and username of the using the This information each the historical information about as interacts with the Authorization NAC authenticates, and authorizes connecting to to based location as as and identity. Authorization with NAC with and authorization without remediation), to to based the security of the while that with restrictive access. Authorization with and Remediation to and authorization, NAC with to inform of security webbased assisted allows users that NAC
the Network the Network the Edge of the Network to to their without impacting IT operations. Once selected, the examined to the technical and the NAC The this section and the that NAC The first surveying to whether or This information whether the NAC Gateway or NAC network The to topology where the of switches of authentication and or thirdparty switches of authentication and VLAN assignment as RFC such as repeaters and of authentication and/or authorization of and to the when the NAC Gateway outofband NAC. The NAC Gateway the of the to the authentication and authorization of connecting The NAC Gateway the assignment of or switches or RFC switches located of the to authorize of to connecting These assignments based such as the location of the and security The of the authentication (802.1X, webbased, or MAC authentication) the and/or user identity of connecting with the to these to to outofband NAC with the NAC Gateway. Instead, the switch from (such as the to the authentication and authorization downstream connected Authentication (MUA) which the switch to individually authenticate and authorize connected to the physical MUA the the authentication and authorization of with the of to each this the switch the of the although physically located the the this type of of the of outofband NAC obtained without the of the
The network shown below, the following three of the implemented the physical of the The B2/B3, C2/C3, and switches the of the as as the physical of the These authentication and authorization to the Thirdparty switches that RFC with VLAN assignment the physical of the RFC switches and thirdparty), of the of the because they to authenticate and authorize connecting with of access, VLAN assignment. the of the from thirdparty The of the or the physical of the where actually The switch the of the from the thirdparty of the of the This the switch individually authenticate and the connected downstream to the thirdparty Network with Edge the Network NAC
the Network and Authentication authentication the the of the NAC the NAC authenticates and authorizes locally the and the of downstream of this, the NAC where and/or the of the If the then the NAC to the authentication and authorization as shown Network with Edge This that the and the NAC to the authentication and with the surveying to the authentication currently used, and the of NAC with classified of authentication the or If authentication the outofband NAC with MAC authentication the of the the switches MAC authentication). The NAC Gateway
Authentication the to locally authorize MAC authentication connecting thereby of known MAC fact, NAC learning to learn the MAC of connecting to the to of these of the MAC learned, NAC to to these other connecting to the network to through With MAC authentication the RADIUS with associated directory services required, simplifying the Furthermore, MAC authentication the to Ethernet the both and the to authenticate to the of whether the PC or If authentication currently the with 802.1X, webbased, and/or MAC authentication, then RADIUS with associated directory services user/device 802.1X and webbased RADIUS authentication switch implemented, RADIUS the this outofband NAC to RADIUS authentication from the switches the of the network to the RADIUS without to the RADIUS and associated directory services. NAC to locally authorize MAC authentication of Supported Authentication Following of authentication and thirdparty switches, and outofband NAC. 802.1X Authentication The IEEE 802.1X portbased with the to authenticate and authorize the The 802.1X authentication and that the 802.1X which software that this 802.1X the input of 802.1X normally that of associated such as PC. Therefore, this authentication such as and IP software releases IP include 802.1X Since NAC acts as passthrough to RADIUS that authentication the 802.1X used. WebBased Authentication Webbased authentication, or Authentication (PWA), authentication that to to It CHAP Authentication or PAP Authentication Since authentication only that the where 802.1X the Network NAC
the Network to 802.1X, webbased authentication the input of and normally that of associated such as PC. Therefore, this authentication such as and IP that webbased authentication userinitiated authentication where the manually the and This userinitiated because the initiate the reauthentication NAC only acts as passthrough to RADIUS that authentication the webbased authentication used. MAC Authentication MAC authentication authenticates the MAC of and the of the MAC the RADIUS authentication This authentication that the software the 802.1X and webbased authentication, MAC authentication to authenticate that of associated such as or IP With this authentication NAC as passthrough to RADIUS or locally authorize MAC authentication Therefore, authentication the MAC authentication should used. authentication the to and their to interact with the authentication process. that 802.1X such as IP and of MAC authenticating to the such as of 802.1X and webbased authentication while other with 802.1X of webbased authentication. If 802.1X and webbased authentication, NAC should these authentication 802.1X or webbased authentication, MACbased authentication these switch of Authentication to consisting of of and that the of the the of authentication the the switch switches the of authentication concurrently MAC and 802.1X authentication concurrently to account the fact that or IP to this The to authentication concurrently where of around the business continuity. It to know whether the of the If the the authentication of
then that MAC known as Security) the switches to the of If supported, then the switch the authentication and authorization of (possibly authentication concurrently the If this supported, then security where the of NAC often IP converged where IP phone with connected to If the the authentication and authorization of both the PC and IP phone connected to the then PC allowed when the security of IP phone that to the first, Furthermore, the authentication and authorization of to supported, connectivity when NAC IP phones when PC the Authentication Devices Following information the authentication The Authentication (MUA) allows the of of authentication (802.1X, webbased, and/or MAC) both and While the the authentication and authorization of the the authentication and authorization of users and the highest of authentication flexibility. The SecureStack C2/C3 and B2/B3 IP authentication allows the of authentication and (802.1X, webbased, and/or MAC) with the of PC and IP authenticating The authentication allows the of both 802.1X and MAC authentication the and the authentication of of these authentication If webbased authentication the E1 and the platforms, each the switch only to based authentication. Authentication Considerations If authentication currently the that should as NAC NAC with where the authenticating and authorization of trusted already implemented. NAC to the RADIUS and/or VLAN from the RADIUS to the switch the authentication If the assigning or VLAN users authentication the the to to NAC users. NAC or authorize that authentication RADIUS To NAC to interact with the MAC authentication where users to the and NAC to locally authorize MAC authentication and assign the authorization Then, users MAC the Network NAC
the Network the Authorization authenticated to the and interact with NAC authentication, authorization, and remediation. however, that this trusted users MAC authenticated to the the Security this MAC or would to the users, and the NAC of the Security the NAC users. If with webbased authentication using the switches (supplying the users), the to the to RADIUS and locally authenticate them. This the outofband NAC the NAC Gateway the authentication RADIUS to the RADIUS with the the the NAC Gateway the RADIUS to the RADIUS If RADIUS or VLAN the the RADIUS NAC to include or VLAN the RADIUS to the switch the username. this the the where authorization should implemented. The authorization directly the of the of the as switches. this the of outofband NAC using the NAC Gateway switches to securely authorize RFC switches authentication and authorization assigning to based the authentication and However, this as as switches, the following reasons: authorize them the with the implemented the to the VLAN the routed interface. authorization implemented within the VLAN, VLAN to or other within the VLAN. with and with the VLAN, then and become infected with and Y. authorizes connecting of their VLAN assignment and to the the RFC switches the VLAN the routed interface, allowed the and memory, and CPU possibly within the This to the operation of the interswitch connecting the to to from both the VLAN and the VLAN (such as 802.1Q VLAN from hosts) the the interswitch and the VLAN. the the of the to to connectivity.
Network Wired LAN Wireless LAN If the the or then NAC the NAC as the authorization connecting implemented. This as as outofband NAC the authorization located the the NAC With NAC, while restricted from to from the NAC to interact with and the downstream from the NAC of the NAC that without the of the or of the Furthermore, to that the NAC and NAC Gateway concurrently the the of and outofband NAC, centrally from the NetSight NAC The NAC Gateway of the where switches while the NAC of the where If the of outofband NAC with the following options should considered: Distribution to N that of individually authenticating and authorizing connected to of the security of outofband NAC obtained authorization the instead of the of the Access to switches or RFC switches to the security of outofband NAC. The previous concerned with NAC the internal LAN. this of with their NAC Outofband or NAC implemented, the of the LAN thick wireless where the or thin wireless where back to centrally wireless switches that Thick Wireless Thick wireless of fullfeatured that authentication and authorization. Fullfeatured thick the and the NAC as wired this thick wireless with outofband NAC using the NAC Gateway, with authentication and authorization the thick Other thick AP of that authentication and/or authorization and as the wireless and wired the Network NAC
the Network Remote Access WAN Site-to-Site VPN this the thick AP the of with the NAC as wired These with NAC, positioning the NAC the from the where the authentication and authorization of Thin Wireless thin wireless the wireless switch usually the authentication and authorization of the wireless connected to the the Therefore, thin wireless with outofband NAC using the NAC Gateway, with the authentication and authorization the wireless switch. If the wireless switch VLAN assignment RFC NAC positioning the NAC the wireless switch to the authentication and authorization of wireless to the WAN to If the of the authentication and authorization of the connected then the NAC Gateway the of outofband NAC. The NAC Gateway locally the (which or the of the the NAC Gateway the authentication and authorization of the switches the to users. If the NAC Gateway the then to what WAN the NAC and connectivity. It recommended that switches with VLAN or that to the the that connectivity to the If the of switches, then the NAC with sourced from to the authentication and authorization of these The NAC often the WAN to the this the NAC to NAC which when that only concurrently connected. to VPN located the to VPN to the WAN the of outofband or NAC the of the switches located the If the of switches, then the NAC Gateway the to outofband NAC. If the of switches, then the NAC the VPN that VPN connectivity. It to that the NAC the IP of the when Therefore, from the NAC manytoone NAT or VPN, that the IP of the the that the the NAC
Access VPN or Out-of-band NAC Summary VPN located the to the to VPN to users. this there of and switches the to the the VPN this the NAC to NAC VPN and should the VPN that VPN. VPN or manytoone NAT implemented downstream from the NAC the NAC Based the NAC selected, and the of whether outofband NAC or NAC the of With the to outofband NAC with the NAC and/or NAC with the NAC the to the selected NAC and the of NAC and their location and the The first when NAC to the NAC or phased of that NAC business Once selected the four following to and NAC the This information to which NAC the NAC or NAC when the NAC Gateway outof NAC. The NAC Gateway the of the to the authentication and authorization of connecting with the to these to to outofband NAC with the NAC Instead, the switch from (such as the to the authentication and authorization downstream connected If the then the NAC to the authentication and authorization the authentication currently used, and the of NAC (This that the and the NAC deployed.) If authentication the outofband NAC with MAC authentication the of the the switches MAC authentication). If authentication currently the with 802.1X, webbased, and/or MAC authentication, outofband NAC to RADIUS authentication from the switches the of the to the RADIUS or Out-of-band NAC NAC
NAC to locally authorize MAC authentication the the where authorization should implemented. The authorization directly the of the of the as switches. this the of outofband NAC the NAC Gateway switches to securely authorize If the the or then NAC the NAC as the authorization implemented. the network used. The concerned with NAC the internal LAN. this the following with their the NAC Wired LAN LAN Remote Access WAN SitetoSite VPN Remote Access VPN Based the NAC select, and the of to whether outofband NAC or NAC the of
Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC NetSight Applications This chapter the NAC The first section both outofband and NAC The section sections relating specifically to outof the NAC Gateway and the NAC information about... to Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC Procedures Out-of-Band NAC Procedures NAC Procedures Additional Considerations This section that to both outofband and NAC NetSight the NAC the of from the NetSight software NetSight NAC to centrally the NAC and NAC Gateway the NAC to NetSight to NetSight with NAC NetSight to the health and of the including the switches and the NAC NetSight NAC to centrally and to NAC the outofband NAC that include switches the specified NAC that authorize connecting with of access. centrally and distributed to those switches With easily and enforced to switches the of the from location. Procedures NAC
Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC Network Security Procedures outofband NAC that RFC switches and thirdparty switches). this VLAN specified NAC to authorize with of access, VLAN to the downloads/NetSight.html NetSight software licensing and information. Security should each of the that its authentication, and authorization. Security of NAC and NAC that authentication, and authorization connecting to the NAC Gateways, the includes the associated switches that assigned to the gateways. Security of both NAC and NAC Gateway Each NAC Gateway assigned to Security and therefore switch of C2 switches or N7 chassis) only associated to Security NAC only assigned to Security
NAC Security Each Security NAC that the authentication, and authorization connecting that Security include MAC or that to the NAC with NAC to or users. Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC NAC
Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC Procedures NAC Authentication The Authentication RADIUS authenticating (this apply to NAC This includes whether MAC authentication or locally authorized, and whether and RADIUS to RADIUS the authentication process. The the following What to The what of and what used. that with the SANS Top The to Windowsrelated and MAC OSbased MACrelated specify as as other services to the security of connecting What to to the The what to the You the or to chosen to the the headquarters with the the headquarters, while branch office with the branch office, conserving the
health processed. health each health there health health the health from to and based this the health assigned to the with that the with the Wireshark that both informational and intentions. If IT operations that Wireshark that should to the to high Wireshark Which NAC to whether or Based the from the health classified of four high and the to which the classified, the Authorization The NAC the authorization to as that to the the authentication and the that assigned to the that assigned to that the that (optionally) assigned to while they assessed. the that assigned to when the NAC process. Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC NAC
Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC Procedures The following shows the NAC to or NAC and its authentication, and authorization attributes. NAC Security
Table Security Network Security of the that to authenticate with authentication such as 802.1X or web-based authentication. of the that to MAC authenticate the of The following of that should when the and of Security NAC Switches that authenticating to the 802.1X or authentication, such as LAN and wireless trusted access. VPN connectivity to VPN to the LAN. Switches that to such as IP and IP Switches that to that authenticated such as users and Proxy 802.1X and web-based authentication to RADIUS This allows the of 802.1X and web-based authentication NAC Security with the following attributes: Select the Proxy RADIUS to RADIUS to allow the forwarding of RADIUS authentication to RADIUS If the RADIUS or VLAN based or identity, RADIUS with to or VLAN based the or the with or VLAN that allows restrictive users. Locally authorize MAC authentication This the and authorization of and NAC Security with the following attributes: With the Proxy RADIUS to RADIUS selected, the Authorize MAC Authentication Locally option and specify or VLAN the field. the field with or VLAN that restrictive authenticating with authentication Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC NAC
Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC Table Security Network Security of the that to of or that high to the or of the of the that to the or of the where authentication and Procedures Switches that to users or These directly the of IT operations and to the Switches that to users within that allowed to high the or protected security such as firewall or Detection (IDS). that the as of their or branch office location that protected firewall both characterized as high of users. Access that with wireless network or wireless that through authentication/encryption such as WEP. these to the to the users Switches that that often crashes the of security threats or other the restrictive to these protects the of the Switches that to and other commonly users. Access that to SSID. restrictive of the authorization of connecting and thorough security of implemented the These the to security threat and NAC Security with the following attributes: With the Proxy RADIUS to RADIUS selected, the RADIUS with option and specify restrictive or VLAN the field. Furthermore, selected to these with of the with or VLAN that restrictive higher This allows the to locally authorize MAC authentication and overwrite the information from the RADIUS with restrictive
Table Security Network Security of the that to allow only to or users. of the that to of or that to the security and of the of the that to of users or that of based their location the Switches that to and highly such as Switches that to that protected from through the of firewalls as as network-based and host-based IDS. Switches that to that highly and restricted from such as that restricted from and with the and This include restricted to the LAN, and or IT operations Switches that to both trusted and users the such as and These to trusted user to containing information. This protects the that to trusted that the or that trusted users. the NAC Gateway, RADIUS authentication the NAC the to restrictive or VLAN such as This allows the to locally authorize MAC or users using MAC and and rejecting other to the Authorize connecting with restrictive of and or and with NAC Security with the following attributes: With the Proxy RADIUS to RADIUS selected, the RADIUS with option and or VLAN the field. It should noted that this the to security threats, and should implemented. the of authorization based of IT operations. NAC Security with the following attributes: With the Proxy RADIUS to RADIUS selected, the RADIUS with option and or VLAN the field. Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC This allows the to locally authorize MAC authentication and overwrite the information from the RADIUS with restrictive or VLAN. This allows the to locally authorize MAC authentication and overwrite the information from the RADIUS with based the location of NAC
Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC Security Network Security of the or of or users, that with the of or of from other of the Procedures The following network from that should account when the and of Security Switches that to the such as areas. This that the Security associated to that connecting allowed to the Switches that to users the This that the Security associated to that to and platforms trusted users, such as XP and Microsoft Switches that to of IP and of (such as or OS (Microsoft Microsoft XP, RedHat MAC OS). This that the Security associated to that the connecting to the type of of MAC that OS. This that MAC these associated to that these connecting to the type of OS. of MAC that type, such as or IP This that MAC these associated to that to the type of such as with Users, username, that as high the This that these users associated to that these connecting and specifically to these security NAC Security that this and to these security
Security Network Security of the or of or users, that with network access. of the or of or users, that allowed. Switches that to connectivity while Switches that to IT operations, that connectivity and troubleshooting Switches that to users such as connectivity of MAC that OS or type, such as or IP that user that as the network and Switches that to users, such as or other high to apply highly restrictive to the as as IP services such as ARP, DNS, and DHCP. Security threats created these high-risk completed authorizing of access. of MAC that OS or type, and high to the security. Users, username, that as high the Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC while assessed. This with network NAC Security with the following The While Assessing selected. this NAC assigns the or VLAN from the RADIUS or the locally while the assessed. NAC Security with the following Select the While Assessing and to assign. NAC
Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC MAC and MAC Procedures MAC and to that of authentication, and authorization from the of the Security MAC or user within the of Security or Security to Security authenticated, assessed, and authorized whenever the to the that Security authenticated, assessed, and authorized whenever the to Security the the and this section to what MAC and user NAC MAC (based MAC or of (based MAC OUI, MAC OUI or Custom MAC MAC that services to IP based MAC OUI group. creating MAC that the MAC of that and restricts its access.
The following displays the MAC and NAC Notice that existing NAC or specified the MAC and Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC NAC
Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC MAC Network Security or of that of authentication, and authorization. Procedures The following where MAC Allocating services to IP the MAC where IP the MAC OUI of the authenticating assigned to the IP or VLAN and when connecting to Security NAC MAC with the following attributes: Specify MAC or MAC OUI. Select the Security or Security the MAC the authentication, and authorization choose NAC or with the following Select the Proxy RADIUS to RADIUS or the Reject If the Proxy RADIUS to RADIUS selected, Authorize MAC Authentication Locally MAC authentication to authorized, of the MAC authentication RADIUS with the information from the RADIUS the Format the with the or VLAN. the this or of to assessed, and the these Specify the and authorization such as and whether or to apply the while the scanned.
Table MAC Network Security or of to restricted Security or Security or the MAC of or those of the to to trusted NAC MAC with the following attributes: Specify MAC or MAC OUI. Select the Security or Security the MAC the authentication, and authorization choose NAC or with the following Select the Proxy RADIUS to RADIUS or the Authorize MAC Authentication Locally MAC authentication these assigned the RADIUS with the information from the RADIUS the Select as the the the that NetSight ASM ASM MAC with this to establish location-independent actions that the security To the switch RADIUS Access-Reject (instead of the following to the authorization the MAC the instead of selecting the Proxy RADIUS to RADIUS Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC NAC
Procedures Out-of-Band and NAC Table MAC Network Security or of to of network (whitelisted) Security or Security Procedures of that to IT operations. based the that trusted without to those MAC that of authentication, and authorization. of corporation to without assigning the restricted Security or Security associating the username with the of or RADIUS AccessReject this restricted to of the or user of (whitelisted) associating the username with the of to allow access. It to that the NAC the MAC of the downstream connected this MAC NAC NAC MAC with the following attributes: Specify MAC or MAC OUI. Select the Security or Security the MAC the authentication, and authorization choose NAC or specify with the following the Proxy RADIUS to RADIUS Authorize MAC Authentication Locally MAC authentication these assigned the RADIUS with the information from the RADIUS the Specify as the to allow these the these security
Procedures the of match this and the assigned the Security NAC the NAC to the username associated to the downstream and the assigned the Security NAC The following section the procedures NAC to functionality NAC the following to the of Loadsharing More than to the of The of that the and the amount of to the of assessed, throughput the and the of the Loadsharing of implemented round the the redundancy. To redundancy, least should NAC with and The Security and each of the or location the If and other to of security than users, Security associated to the of the where users and that the of users. If to this Security another that to of that Security the then these Security to the If type of of OS, and services) to the or MAC Security and MAC associated to this of the that that that to that type of of the where Microsoft IAS or where IP to to Microsoft IAS related or IP Procedures NAC
Procedures Procedures the location of the the the following factors should considered: The type of or agentbased. than agentbased the of to that the amount of should when of bandwidthrestricted connected to branch office that carrying latencysensitive and other recommended to the branch office to and the restricted the associated Security If implemented and connecting firewalls, the location to the effectiveness of the Microsoft XP SP2 with firewall that inbound Therefore, Microsoft XP SP2 firewall the of the firewall to allow of inbound such as from IP or as the This the webbased remediation or through thirdparty software to and this software locally with the security The thirdparty software to the Security that consistency the of within that The selection of the the based the security of Remote that locally account the of the within the rights of the account. account, including the registry and the services. include the of of software, of protection, patches, and firewall and information. Remote that locally account the of through the of services the include through TCP/ UDP and of remotelyaccessible services the (FTP HTTP The SANS Top security initially NAC with Thirdparty software releases to security to such service recommended to the New to included the
Out-of-Band NAC Procedures Network Authentication the security the organization. information to The following section the NAC with specifically relating to the of outofband NAC with the NAC Since NAC Gateways authentication the of to which authentication to the of the information authentication the the The following should account when authentication the The of connecting to the userbased authentication such as 802.1X or webbased authentication 802.1X or the only devicebased authentication MAC authentication. The of users connecting to the It to authentication affects the type of users to the and what this the NAC while trusted users authenticate of directory the or users authentication The complexity authentication the Rolling 802.1X authentication the and and of and and the of to and Since this to MACbased authentication the rollout of NAC and to 802.1X of This of NAC obtained the while the 802.1X authentication The authentication the of the Edge to authentication concurrently to account to the Furthermore, the authentication and authorization of to Out-of-Band NAC Procedures NAC
Out-of-Band NAC Procedures the of NAC Gateways Procedures The of NAC Gateways to the function of the following The of Security the Each NAC Gateway associated to only Security Therefore, the of NAC Gateways the than or to the of Security NAC To redundancy Security least NAC Gateways Security as below. The of authenticating users and that connected to each Security NAC Gateway the of of authenticating as shown the following Table NAC NAC Gateway NSTAG-FE100-TX to 7S-NSTAG-01(-NPS) to NSTAG-GE250-TX to SNS-TAG-LPA to SNS-TAG-HPA to SNS-TAG-ITA to To roughly the of NAC Gateways Security the following of authenticating Security type the of of that type Security to Security and using SNSTAGITA then the ITA each switch Security the of authenticating that to the switch when associating switch to NAC Gateway switches Security to the NAC Gateway, the of authenticating the NAC Gateway exceeded. that switches Security associated to the NAC of NAC Gateway redundancy each switch Security NAC Gateway redundancy switch achieved NAC Gateways as and secondary RADIUS that switch, as to the NAC Gateway the secondary NAC Gateway used. that this redundancy and loadsharing, and the NAC Gateway the that the NAC becomes
NAC It that the secondary NAC Gateway the NAC Gateway the that NAC Gateways, both the switches. NAC Gateway the switch A, switch B, and switch C, and NAC Gateway the switch D, switch E, and switch F. this NAC should to as secondary NAC Gateway and This NAC NAC Gateway which already capacity NAC Gateway to the failing from NAC Gateway To exceeding these NAC Gateway the to as secondary NAC Gateways these switches. To NAC Gateway accomplished approaches: Activestandby this approach, of switches to the NAC Gateway these switches the NAC Gateways previously and the secondary NAC Gateway as the secondary NAC Gateway the as the primary). The secondary NAC Gateway as NAC switch the and therefore inactive NAC Gateway switch A, switch B, and switch C NAC Gateway as then three switches to NAC Gateway the as the this switch A, switch B, or switch C to NAC Gateway the switch to using NAC Gateway the worstcase where three switches connectivity to NAC Gateway NAC Gateway would to authentication from these three switches. this NAC Gateway completely the network and only of the switches to NAC Gateway Activeactive this approach, the NAC Gateway switch secondary NAC another switch. this the NAC Gateway of switches, with this NAC Gateway only the Another of switches NAC Gateway the the Then, each of switches the other NAC Gateway as the secondary This redundancy that the worstcase when switches to their Out-of-Band NAC Procedures NAC
Out-of-Band NAC Procedures NAC Gateway Location Procedures NAC Gateway, the to the secondary NAC Gateway capacity. To redundancy within Security approach, NAC Gateway (of the or with increased capacity) Security to the NAC Gateways to the of connecting to the It to that each NAC Gateway to RADIUS authentication to RADIUS Therefore, switches the to 802.1X or webbased authenticating users, and the the connected to each switch located RADIUS the then each switch to its own NAC Gateway. NAC Gateway then to its respective RADIUS that RADIUS the 802.1X authentication of wireless users, RADIUS authenticating wired users. this the NAC Gateway the switch wireless and the switch wired access. the of NAC Gateways the NAC the to NAC Gateway location the This the NAC that the If the NAC remediation of or MAC of the then the NAC Gateways located the authentication path of connecting as RADIUS This that the RADIUS the switches directly to the NAC Gateway UDP/IP, and the NAC Gateway turn to RADIUS Therefore, the NAC Gateway that IP forwarding each NAC Gateway and its associated switches. One option to NAC Gateways the possibly to the RADIUS the the directly from the NAC Gateways, the choice of the location the NAC Gateway the NAC operation, IP connectivity the switches and the NAC Gateways branch office of NAC, NAC Gateway the branch office or the The of the NAC Gateway the branch office that authentication from the branch office the of the WAN authentication to RADIUS the If the NAC Gateway the branch office location, NAC to the NAC Gateway the the WAN The NAC Gateway with NAC the authentication, and authorization of If or MAC implemented, the NAC Gateways that remediation and functionality webredirection, the user The NAC Gateway directly connected to the router or routers that the forwarding HTTP from that or This based routing the router or routers to redirect the sourced from and to the NAC Gateway to the and
RADIUS Interaction Restrictions It to that the NAC Gateways that with and functionality to such other NAC location the with the that switches to to the gateways. Typically, the NAC Gateway with remediation and functionality network directly connected to the routers the that HTTP sourced from that connected to the networks redirected to that NAC the NAC Gateway directly connected to the router to the or internal this the HTTP sourced from redirected to the NAC Gateway reaching the or internal If NAC Gateway 802.1X and/or webbased authentication then RADIUS to the authentication process. each NAC Gateway, and secondary RADIUS specified the of user/device network the If 802.1X, webbased, or RADIUS authentication switch implemented, RADIUS with directory services the RADIUS necessary MAC authentication the RADIUS RFC2865 and RADIUS NAC when proxying RADIUS authentication conducted the following RADIUS Microsoft IAS RADIUS ACS While Security MAC and to and the and Security the MAC allows the to to switch or switch. The with RADIUS AccessReject to the switch, or assigned or VLAN when to the restricted of the MAC used: or other allowed only when connected to specified IT operations. This security that the to of the IP phone with MAC to switch. This allow of the phones location from the Out-of-Band NAC Procedures NAC
Out-of-Band NAC Procedures VLAN NAC Access Procedures This NAC that switches the of the to VLAN assignment of NAC VLAN RADIUS RADIUS authentication to connected to these RFC switches. This that NAC the each RFC switch the of the with the that from the NAC Gateways. of that assigned to each Security the and of the following NAC The Security NAC MAC the Security the Security MAC and This NAC that switches the of the to assignment of NAC RADIUS RADIUS authentication to connected to these switches. Therefore, NAC the each switch the of the with the that from the NAC Gateways. of that assigned to connecting each Security the and of the following NAC The Security NAC MAC the Security the Security MAC and Access the authorization that NAC assigns to connecting based the authentication and/or There four NAC and and these of services that exactly authorized the switches the of the to authenticate and authorize these switches with NAC deployed. NetSight the of to switches, with click. to the business such as Faculty or NAC and to the NAC.
and and specified the NAC NetSight to the of to connecting The assigned to when the NAC process. the IP from its MAC or there and of the switches, (created should of to the its connectivity the though occurred the NAC The assigned to when authorized locally the NAC Gateway and when required), or the to the information the RADIUS authentication switches, (created the of the their the might the to the that the NetSight The and when the NAC The shown the below to the NAC the Assessing to the NAC that the Access, and Access the Out-of-Band NAC Procedures NAC
Out-of-Band NAC Procedures Procedures NetSight The to temporarily of to while they assessed. switches, (created should the of the to its while restricting the to the the to FTP and the allow FTP from the the then the the FTP the To this off, the Assessing to traffic, and associated to that to IP as shown Therefore, with the allowed the other services such as ARP, DHCP, and DNS allowed the the establish IP the while assessed. The to the of the to inform the that to the temporarily restricted while the This allowing HTTP the to the other services
Service the Assessing that to the to while assessed. NAC to assign the from the RADIUS or the to the while assessed. this the without that the to granted. If NAC to the from the RADIUS that the businessspecific to allow to the with the This associating the Assessing service shown to businessspecific the NetSight The to to that switches, (created should while to only such as basic services (ARP, DHCP, and DNS). If the NAC remediation, the services associated to the to allow HTTP the to other IP services such as ARP, DNS, and DHCP as shown Out-of-Band NAC Procedures NAC
NAC Procedures NAC Procedures NAC Location Procedures Service the Furthermore, the and other to HTTP redirection to of the of If MAC the NAC assigned to while they the This to allow services such as ARP, DNS, DHCP, and to HTTP redirection to webbased this to the and the those assigned to The following section the NAC with specifically relating to the of NAC with the NAC the NAC with sourced from connecting the location of NAC directly the topology. NAC typically the where to the the wired and wireless or the VPN and the and where This restricted from to With the NAC acting as the authorization with NAC, there tradeoff when positioning the NAC the topology: the the NAC to the of the the higher the of security achieved, that authorized to the of and to of
the the NAC to the of the the NAC the increasing NAC and complexity. Conversely, when the NAC the of the NAC required, NAC and complexity, the of security. NAC wired and wireless recommended that the NAC the and the first routed the the NAC the the first routed the The NAC VPN or WAN to NAC users. the outofband NAC the of and/or MAC the location of the NAC The NAC the of remediation and Lastly, should that with the of NAC NAC which the of NAC positioned. While NAC the MAC of the downstream connected the NAC to the MAC of downstream as Unknown NAC such as and DHCP to to the IP of the downstream connected however, where the IP of the downstream The MAC of downstream the NAC the following and firewall inbound the LAN DHCP and the DHCP from the NAC Since the NAC to the MAC of downstream MAC and MAC to NAC Furthermore, MAC when the MAC of downstream connected unknown. this the assigned the Security NAC NAC Procedures NAC
NAC Procedures the of NAC Procedures The of NAC to the function of the following The topology. the NAC with sourced from connecting the of NAC directly the topology. the location of the NAC from the topology, the of NAC The of Security the NAC associated to only Security Therefore, the of NAC the than or to the of Security NAC To Security least NAC Security as below. The of users and that connected to each Security Each NAC the of to downstream as shown the following Table NAC NAC Supported 7S4280-19-SYS to 2S4082-25-SYS to To the of NAC to NAC, the following of connecting Security type the of NAC of that type, Security The of NAC redundancy. To each location the where the NAC positioned, NAC the of NAC and NAC redundancy achieved the NAC Enforcement (PEP) of the NAC achieved tree the NAC as shown NAC when tree VLAN the NAC and active active when the NAC If NAC Enforcement (PEP) traffic, the tree to through NAC the NAC of the NAC achieved the NAC using each other as RADIUS If NAC RADIUS authentication the NAC RADIUS as shown
NAC NAC achieved NAC as shown The NAC and routing such as OSPF or RIP the and downstream routers that of the NAC NAC activeactive, that from downstream router through of the NAC with forwarding the routing If NAC (PEP or NAC forwarding traffic, the the routing to through NAC that the NAC and the topology. NAC NAC Procedures NAC
NAC Procedures RADIUS Interaction and and Procedures NAC downstream authentication: MAC, webbased, or 802.1X. If webbased or 802.1X authentication implemented, then RADIUS to the authentication each NAC and secondary RADIUS specified the of the assigned to downstream the NAC to authorize connecting with of access. of each NAC and of the This of includes NAC such as Assessing, and It recommended that the of NAC NetSight and to the rollout of NAC. The assigned to when the NAC process. The the NAC to as the NAC This restrictive, allowing DNS and DHCP, and redirecting to back occurred the while other of traffic. If to when encountered, the selected as the the NAC The of the security the to the NAC TCP and UDP such as RADIUS and SSH). the to NAC IP further security This to further which services allowed to The assigned to when they The the NAC to as the NAC The and when the NAC The to temporarily of to while they assessed. The Assessing NAC to as the NAC This allows DNS and DHCP, and to the IP of the the The redirects to back that the restricted while its security other of If to network while assessed, the of the the NAC or the selected as the instead. It to that whenever NAC to the NAC the to allow
Additional Considerations NAC With Detection (IDS) NAC With NetSight ASM to reach the while assessed, of whether the Assessing or other The to to that The the NAC to as the NAC This restrictive, allowing DNS and DHCP, and redirecting to back the restricted other of If to when the the of the the NAC or the selected as the If MAC to NAC the the NAC the of This restrictive, allowing DNS and DHCP, and redirecting to back the restricted because other of This section both and outofband NAC NAC that with IDS that security the While the security of and threats the intentions, whether or Therefore, IDS NAC the security of the NAC classified IDS its as Therefore, the from the that IDS the IDS to security sourced from the IP The IPS NetSight ASM to the locally NAC to MAC threat MAC the security threat detected the through IDS or thirdparty and the security threat to NetSight ASM ASM then the of the the of and this action to NAC. If the sourcing the security threat to the the to MAC to the from the of Therefore, the of NAC proactively protects the from security threats empowers the characteristics to threats from Additional Considerations NAC
Additional Considerations Procedures