C3 Switches P/N
Networks the right to specifications and other information this and its without The should to whether such The firmware, or software this to without IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERASYS NETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS DOCUMENT, WEB SITE, OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THEM, EVEN IF ENTERASYS NETWORKS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNEW OF, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Inc. MA Inc. rights ENTERASYS, ENTERASYS NETWORKS, ENTERASYS SECURE NETWORKS, SECURESTACK, ENTERASYS SECURESTACK, ENTERASYS NETSIGHT, WEBVIEW, and associated therewith, or of Inc. the United States and other countries. of other this or of their respective URL: URL: Information this to C3 firmware or higher. Notice
This the and Inc., of and its Affiliates (as (Enterasys) that forth rights and obligations with to the software program/firmware (including accompanying or the and conflicting or terms and appearing purchase or other Affiliate partnership, corporation, other of that directly or indirectly through or or by, or with the specified. This the the with to the of this The firmware, or other BY INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE USING THE PROGRAM, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACCEPT THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF THE END USER (IF THE END USER IS AN ENTITY ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACT, YOU AND YOUR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REFER TO SUCH ENTITY) AND THAT YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, WHICH INCLUDES, AMONG OTHER PROVISIONS, THE LICENSE, THE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, ENTERASYS IS UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE PROGRAM TO YOU AND YOU AGREE TO RETURN THE UNOPENED PRODUCT TO ENTERASYS OR YOUR DEALER, IF ANY, WITHIN TEN DAYS FOLLOWING THE DATE OF RECEIPT FOR FULL REFUND. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS AGREEMENT, CONTACT ENTERASYS NETWORKS, LEGAL DEPARTMENT AT You and as follows: LICENSE. You the and right to the of the this to the and of this RESTRICTIONS. as otherwise authorized writing Enterasys, You You third to: or the whole or including reasons of correction or interoperability, to the and to the the that such rights excluded. Information to interoperability or from and of Enterasys Incorporate the whole or other or based the whole or Publish, or the whole or lease, of security or otherwise the whole or copyright, rights, or warning included or of the APPLICABLE LAW. This and the and the and of the Commonwealth of without to its conflicts of You the and of the Commonwealth of of the United Nations Convention the the International of and the Uniform Information apply to this EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You that and its Affiliates to of the U.S. Government, including the U.S. of which or of technical products to countries, to the obtained from the U.S. Government or from such the exporting party. If the from the United States to the CIV the U.S. Administration Regulations, You that You of the and that You the and Inc. BEFORE OPENING OR UTILIZING THE ENCLOSED PRODUCT, CAREFULLY READ THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.
If the exported from the United States to the TSR the U.S. Administration Regulations, to the restriction forth Section or of this You to reexport or release the the the or to of country Country D:1 or E:2 North the Peoples of or such other countries as the United States to Country D:1 or E:2 (as the of the or the such to security as the U.S. Commerce or the of the or of to Country D:1 or E:2 the of the or thereof, such to security as the U.S. Commerce or to State the U.S. Munitions UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. The restricted software with restricted rights with section through of the SoftwareRestricted Rights and its and to and/or its of the software with DFARS section and its and or the U.S. Government to forth DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. EXCEPT FOR THOSE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO YOU IN WRITING BY ENTERASYS, ENTERASYS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM. IF IMPLIED WARRANTIES MAY NOT BE DISCLAIMED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THEN ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO THIRTY DAYS AFTER DELIVERY OF THE PROGRAM TO YOU. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERASYS OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR RELIANCE DAMAGES, OR OTHER LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM, EVEN IF ENTERASYS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS FOREGOING LIMITATION SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION UNDER WHICH DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT. THE CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF ENTERASYS TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE PROGRAM, IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FEES PAID TO ENTERASYS BY YOU FOR THE RIGHTS GRANTED HEREIN. AUDIT RIGHTS. You acknowledge that the property rights associated with the of to Enterasys, and, accordingly, You to records and accounts showing and and the copying and of the You to and its authorized reasonable the right to and business hours, records, accounts and which the to with this including the of the and and the copying and of the Enterasys right of examination reasonably, and to unreasonably with business. the such with this including of the or breach of this You promptly to the the right, to its and without to terminate this effective immediately, to with this such termination, You immediately of the and to the and of the OWNERSHIP. This and You acknowledge and that the and/or copyrighted of and/or its You to reasonable security to such and copyrighted right, title and and to the with and/or its rights specifically to You to Enterasys.
ENFORCEMENT. You acknowledge and that breach of Sections or of this You which recovery of money would and that to injunctive to Enterasys rights this to and ASSIGNMENT. You assign, or this or of rights or obligations this that You assign this to or which of assign this its This and to the of the their and as this attempted assignment, or of the terms of this and breach of this WAIVER. waiver of breach of of the and of this writing and as waiver of breach of such or Enterasys to breach of such as waiver of breach or other SEVERABILITY. the of this found to or the and enforceability of of the affected or impaired thereby, and that and to the such invalidity, illegality, or or or such other TERMINATION. terminate this immediately breach of of the terms and of this such termination, You immediately of the and to the and of the
This of This to the C3 This to the Command Interface (CLI) and to to C3 switch the firmware C3 this supported. to the Release Notes shipped with to which supported. knowledge of operations and of CLI helpful the This to the following: Access the CLI. CLI commands to and operations and and and dynamicallyassigned classifications. and IP routing and routing including RIP and OSPF, DVMRP, IRDP, and VRRP. routing, including security including 802.1X and RADIUS, PWA, MAC and MAC authentication. The as follows: Chapter Introduction, of the that accomplished the CLI interface, of of the factory and information about the Command Interface (CLI). Chapter Switches information about to and switches. Chapter to basic to firmware to and to to the and to the CLI. Activating Licensed the commands to advanced routing and routing features. Notice About This C3
of This About This and the commands to and and that offer Discovery to the Chapter to and and to or switch and switch including flow and Chapter SNMP to SNMP and rights, and Chapter Tree to and Tree the including priority, and and to and Tree including and the and Protect Chapter 802.1Q VLAN to the of operation each establish VLAN forwarding to VLAN ID, the and associated with VLAN and VLAN, and the as to or or based businessspecific of services; to or to services creating and assigning which to to to VLAN or Class of Service (CoS); and to or to that only activated allowed to accordingly. Chapter Priority to the of each and and of IGMP to (IGMP) Chapter and Network to to switch to and to SNTP and Chapter RMON to RMON Network which and performance information and allows SNMP stations and Chapter DHCP to and DHCP to and DHCP and to DHCP information. Chapter DHCP and ARP Inspection security features: DHCP which DHCP DHCP and DHCP to DHCP and to of authorized and ARP inspection, which the created the DHCP to and ARP Chapter Router information about router Chapter IP to IP routing router operation, to IP interface to and the routing ARP to and routing broadcasts, to PIM, and to IP
Related Chapter Routing to routing and routing including RIP, OSPF, DVMRP, IRDP, and VRRP. the commands to the switch Chapter the commands to the routing Chapter Proxy Routing to routing and to C2/C3 routing. Chapter the commands to the Chapter the commands to the Shortest Path routing Authentication and Authorization to 802.1X authentication EAPOL, to RADIUS Shell MAC authentication, MAC Authentication, and IP Chapter TACACS+ information about the commands to and TACACS+ Access AccessControl Chapter sFlow information about the commands to and the sFlow and Authentication the and authentication of the C3 as of the this published. The following Networks to and the C3 obtained from the World Format (PDF) the following Related C3
Used This Used This About This The following the text of this Indicates or Indicates titles. Used of information the Indicates user-supplied or optional. optional One or required. choice with choice of with choice of of with and choice of optional The following this the to item of information that of Router: the to router-specific commands and information. information to to the
related to this switch or Networks of the following World (toll-free U.S. and or the toll-free country: To type [C-SERIES] the To or concerning this to the Technical Publications to include the the Networks, the following information ready: service of the of action(s) already to the switches or the The and of the of type) Network and the of known) The switch history the switch this recurring previous Authorization (RMA) C3
About This
C3 CLI Switch This chapter of the features and functionality, of the that accomplished the CLI interface, of to the switch, factory and information about to the Command Interface to the switch. information about... to C3 CLI Switch Factory the Command Interface The C3 CLI interface allows to of including the following: CLI commands to and switch operations. Download Assign IP and Select and and and classifications. and routing and routing routing and routing including security including 802.1X and RADIUS, PWA, MAC and MAC authentication. The C3 switch the following Locally VT type connected to the Remotely VT type connected through Introduction C3
Factory Factory Introduction Remotely using SNMP station. through the NetSight Remotely Networks The C3 instructions or to the switch. The following factory the C3 switch. Table Switch Switch CDP CDP authentication to CDP to seconds. CDP of CDP to seconds. DP to seconds. DP to seconds. Community DHCP Disabled. EAPOL Disabled. EAPOL authentication to GARP to centiseconds; to centiseconds; to centiseconds. GVRP History IEEE authentication Disabled. IGMP Disabled. to seconds and to seconds. IP and to to IP Flow Parity:
Table Switch (Continued) Enabled. (LACP) to flow Disabled. to to DIP-SIP. to Read-Write and Read-Only users, and to the account to UDP severity to MAC to seconds. MAC locking and to accounts. ENTER the to CLI. Disabled. history when created. and to to switch to 100BASE-FX and 1000BASE-X, which to Enabled. to to 1000BASE-X, which to and 100BASE-FX, which to to Ethernet Priority when created. RADIUS Disabled. RADIUS action the to RADIUS the to RADIUS timeout the to seconds. Rate and Factory SecureStack C3
Factory Introduction Table Switch (Continued) SNMP Enabled. SNTP Disabled. Tree and Tree Edge with the to initially the If Tree BDPU the within seconds, the to Tree Enabled. Tree to seconds. Tree to seconds. Tree ID (SID) to Tree to seconds. Tree with to priority). Tree Bridge to Tree topology Enabled. Tree to Tree SSH Disabled. to to location to to CLI to and Timeout to accounts to Read-Only access; Read-Write access; and access. VLAN VLAN ID VLAN of VLAN VLAN Not of the following routing features platforms. the Release Notes platforms Table Router What displays... Access (IP security) Access (IP security)
Table Router (Continued) What authentication (OSPF) Disabled. (OSPF) to NSSA (OSPF) (OSPF) ARP ARP timeout to seconds. Authentication (RIP and OSPF) Authentication (RIP and OSPF) (OSPF) to seconds. (RIP) allowed. Distribute (RIP) applied. DVMRP Disabled. to (OSPF) to seconds and to seconds non-broadcast and ICMP and IP-directed broadcasts Disabled. IP forward-protocol with specified. IP interfaces with IP specified. IRDP interfaces. to seconds, to seconds, to seconds, and to MD5 authentication (OSPF) with MTU to interfaces. OSPF Disabled. OSPF to interfaces. OSPF OSPF to interfaces (RIP) Proxy ARP Enabled interfaces. interfaces (RIP) interfaces. (OSPF) to second. (OSPF) to seconds. RIP to both and RIP to RIP offset applied. SNMP Enabled. Factory C3
the Command Interface the Command Interface Starting CLI Connecting the Introduction Table Router Operation (Continued) What displays... RIP without (OSPF) Enabled. (IP) to (OSPF) SPF to seconds. SPF to seconds. (OSPF) to second. VRRP Disabled. to the as C3 The the You the Command Interface (CLI) user account, as Account or administrativelyassigned account as Administratively Account C3 C3 Command Interface Inc. MA U.S.A. WWW: Copyright Inc. Chassis Chassis
Connecting Account Administratively Account Once the C3 IP establish from TCP/IP based the information about the switchs IP to To establish to the switchs IP and information of the following If the switchs and follow the Account or administrativelyconfigured and The of authorization and the displays as shown information about to Starting and to the instructions included with the information about establishing the C3 switch with three accounts ReadOnly access, ReadWrite access, and to The to information these to Accounts and If this the first to the C3 switch, or the accounts as follows: At the of the following ReadOnly access. ReadWrite access. access. Press ENTER. The displays. this and ENTER. The switch information and displays as shown If the switchs account as follows: At the administrativelyassigned and ENTER. At the and ENTER. The of authorization and the displays as shown with Read-Write and Read-Only the to their with the to and accounts, and the to account the Command Interface C3
the Command Interface the Command Interface with CLI CLI Command CLI Command Performing Introduction The C3 switch allows to and information commands or the command. Each this includes section which information from the factory the switch The section CLI the user without optional (indicated commands without optional the section commands with optional this section the CLI the user to the of the command CLI If specified, information displayed. Each this includes section which whether the ReadWrite, or ReadOnly with ReadOnly only to ReadOnly commands. with Read to and commands, as as ReadOnly commands. or allowed ReadWrite and ReadOnly and to user accounts. The C3 switch which as of the following ReadWrite: ReadOnly: and commands with the shows to the snmp command. this four the snmp command. and of these (such as snmp community within the Performing snmp community SNMP community SNMP SNMP SNMP
Scrolling and Completing Commands without of commands that with the shows to this function commands with Performing At the of the the the without the If the CLI using the as CLI than to To Press other than ENTER to the Press ENTER to the The shows the that than Scrolling MAC FID Learned Learned Learned Learned Learned Learned Learned Learned Learned The C3 switch allows to CLI commands and to the of characters that allow shows to the command to the Command Interface C3
the Command Interface Editing Commands Introduction Abbreviating Command Active (including State TCP ESTABLISHED TCP ESTABLISHED TCP LISTEN TCP LISTEN UDP UDP UDP UDP The CLI editing commands. Table commonly commands. Table Editing Commands Command Ctrl+A to of back character. character. to of Ctrl+F character. Ctrl+H character to of Ctrl+I or TAB Complete characters Ctrl+N to command history the CLI history to the history). to previous history. the CLI process. the CLI scrolling). Ctrl+T characters. Ctrl+U or characters Ctrl+W to the of the recently
About C3 Switch Switches This chapter information about C3 switches information about to About C3 Switch New of to Units Previously-Configured New Unit to Existing Creating Switch Considerations About Clear Related to and Commands The C3 products switches that and to These switches platform and to backbone of to C3 switches. You C2 and C3 switches although the lowest of functionality to Related to information about Once the switches and as switch such, with and as expands. You products the family to of and to match the of of as and as entity. switches and connected as the C3 the following The switch that the established. This known as the switch. other switches established as the The of the switches that the function of the malfunctions, or from the C3
New of to Units New of to Units Switches The the switch active outofband switch the each switch deactivated. This to the IP and using each switch locally the or using and the CLI of commands this section. Once created than switch interconnected), the following IDs assigned firstcome, Unit IDs each every with the ID. This information the Ethernet Unit The election the following to assign switch: Previously assigned elected assigned Highest MAC the following recommended when or to existing The following that from to already that the the as other the the following of to of the applying physical with the as the C3 Once of the connected, individually each from top to Notes: that each switch applying to the switch. Since IDs assigned first-come, this that IDs sequentially. Once IDs assigned, they and retained to or of the (Optional) If the the switch as switch Once the selected, the the the the switch to physically each the with the MGR LED of the specified switch seconds. The of this LED off and steady the
Previously-Configured New Unit to Existing Creating Switch If previous of to the renumbering of the as follows: the the and the the to Once the the CLI, and the switch as switch to information. Clear switches which as using the clear switch as clear switch the of the to become Once the the COM of the CLI that CPU the switch to redisplay information. If the displays as to this with the If the the the switch renumber as switch then Clear the the clear switch command. renumbered the the the switch switch to physically the identity of each the with the MGR LED of the switch seconds. The of this LED off and steady the the following to existing This that the from and the firmware as other the that off the of the following to If the topology, the from the of the to the (that STACK DOWN from the of the to the STACK UP the If the topology, the and the to the to the Apply to the You C3 switch the physical to This includes the of the switch. Previously-Configured C3
Creating Switch Switches To switch the of switches the the switch switchtype command the of the switch switchtype command, the switch (SID) of the of switch the switch to the the switch the SID of the switch the previous and the ID that to to this switch Proceed to the of the switch as would physically The following C3G12424 to as of the The first that switch then associated with VLAN switch switchtype SID Switch ID Pref C2G124-24 C2K122-24 C2G124-48 C2G124-48P C2H124-48 C2H124-48P C2G134-24P C2G170-24 C3G124-24P C3G124-48P C3G124-48 C3G124-24 C3K172-24 C3K122-24 C3K122-24P switch switch Switch Switch ID ID Switch C3G124-48 C3G124-48 OK Unassigned C3G124-24 to If switch and then physical switch of type to the as that functionality that the physical switch that and the of the You clear the the properly the
Considerations About Clear Related to Common Switch using the clear to clear to the following: clear to clear without clearing IDs. This WILL NOT clear or the IP and the of renumbering the clear when to clear including IDs and switch This clear the IP advanced clear to the IP of the clear to from switch. and information cleared the only selecting the to factory option from the switch This selection other the C2 and C3 switches architectures, the functionality the switch the of switches the functionality the lowest of features platforms. to the firmware Release Notes information about features. C2 firmware only. You the C2 firmware first, with the C3 switch standalone or the C3 switch to the and then the C2 firmware to the C3 switch the switch copying the C2 firmware to the C3 switch, the It recommended that C3 switch the of the switch to the Considerations About Clear SecureStack C3
and Commands and Commands Commands switch Switches To individually and switches C3 information about... to switch switch switchtype switch switch switch switch switch switch clear switch this to information about or the switch (Optional) and information or the (Optional) the which information If specified, and other information about displayed. Switch command, readonly. this to physically the identity of each the command with the MGR LED of the specified switch seconds. The of this LED off and steady the
switch switchtype This shows to information about switch the C3(rw)->show switch Switch Switch ID ID Switch C3G124-24 C3G124-24 OK C3G124-24 C3G124-24 OK C3G124-24 C3G124-24 OK C3G124-24 C3G124-24 OK C3G124-24 C3G124-24 OK C3G124-24 C3G124-24 OK C3G124-24 C3G124-24 OK C3G124-24 C3G124-24 OK This shows to information about switch the C3(ro)->show switch Switch Switch Preference Preference Switch C3G124-24 C3G124-24 Plugged-in C3G124-24 Switch OK Switch Inc. C3 C3G124-24 Detected Detected Detected This shows to information switch the C3(ro)->show switch Switch Switch State State Switch: C3G124-24 Inc. C3 C3G124-24 Switch: C3G124-24 Inc. C3 C3G124-24 this to information about switch the switch switchtype switch switchtype C3
switch switch stack-ports Switches switchindex (Optional) the switch (SID) of the switch type to Switch command, readonly. This shows to switch type information about switches the C3(ro)->show switch switchtype SID Switch ID Pref C2G124-24 C2K122-24 C2G124-48 C2G124-48P C2H124-48 C2H124-48P C2G134-24P C2G170-24 C3G124-24P C3G124-48P C3G124-48 C3G124-24 C3K172-24 C3K122-24 C3K122-24P This shows to switch type information about SID1: C3(ro)->show switch switchtype Switch C2G124-24 Switch Inc. C2 C2G124-24 Preference Expected Supported Cards: Card Index (CID) C2G124-24 this to flow and counters switch
switch (Optional) the switch ID, from to Switch command, readonly. This shows to and information C3(ro)->show switch ------------TX-------------- ------------RX----------- Rate Rate Rate Rate Switch (Mb/s) (Mb/s) this to assign switch ID, to switchs becoming the switch the switch or to the switch ID switch the switch renumber the switch. from to the to with higher assigning higher priority. renumber the Switch command, readwrite. This previously ID C3 switch
switch switch switch Switches This shows to to switch switch This shows to renumber switch to switch switch renumber this to the from the switch to other switch(es) the switch (Optional) the of which to the If specified, the replicated to switches the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to switches the switch to firmware? completed successfully. this to to switch the switch the switch. the
switch switch Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the FirstUnit to switch the switch FirstUnit this to switch functionality from switch to another. switch tounit the of the switch. tounit the of the newlydesignated switch. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to functionality from switch to switch switch including interfaces. to this to to This allows to switch the physical actually to the switch switch-id the switch. switchid switch ID (SID) the switch. displayed with the switch switchtype command. switch C3
clear switch clear switch Switches Switch command, readwrite. to Creating Switch information about to switch to This shows to specify switch as with switch ID of switch this to from the clear switch the of the switch. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the switch from the switch
Commands At the C3 switch with and features. This chapter to to to information about... to Accounts and Switch Downloading and Selecting Starting and Switch and Clearing and Closing the CLI the Switch and Gathering Technical Information Hostprotect The this section reference the CLI commands to basic C3 switch operation. Table and their associated CLI commands the switch with the firmware. optional CLI commands that the switch. to the information about each command. CLI Commands CLI commands username the switch IP Download, and the switch TFTP C3 to
Accounts and Accounts and Commands Optional CLI Commands CLI commands the active or SSH. ssh or inbound outbound or HTTP or SNMP the threshold-value VLAN. IP and severity severity severity and RADIUS network-access To the switchs and and to user accounts and information about... to clear history to
this command to account information. Switch command, This shows to account information. this switch history Access State read-only read-write Table of the Table What It Displays... history of previously that when the executed. with history of with user Access Access assigned to this account: read-write or read-only. State Whether this account or SecureStack C3
clear this command to account, or to or existing account. The C3 switch to accounts, including the account, which username read-write read-only username or existing This of characters, although of characters recommended the readwrite readonly the this or the account. Switch command, accounts, including the account, to to the to and information about If the user account the or the switch to which the account. This shows to user account with the with this to account. clear username
username the of the account to cleared. Switch command, This shows to the account: this to or to the CLI. username username to with access.) or account the C3 switch the following account ReadOnly access. ReadWrite access. access. (This allows ReadWrite to including user accounts.) Switch command, readwrite. Switch command, ReadWrite users their own the If the the account, the to the the the switch. The account C3
This shows the ReadWrite from the Please Please This shows with ReadWrite would his Please Please Please this to the length. characters characters the of characters account to Switch command, This shows to the to characters: this to the of or to account
history the of to Switch command, This shows to the age to this command to the of previously that This from the with the command. history the of to Switch command, This shows to the to the history this to locking to to the history C3
Switch command, This shows to user this switch Table of the These with the Table What It Displays... of allowed read-write or read-only account of the account the this to the of locking read write or readonly user account, and the of to the account the of readwrite or readonly account to the of the account the to Switch command,
Switch Commands Once account locked with the If the account the or the switch to the account. This shows to to and to To and the IP and other (switch) information about... to clear clear clear recurring Switch C3
information about... to clear clear location this to the IP and Switch command, readonly. This shows to the IP and
clear this to the IP and The C3 the to the host's to routed interface IP. The host's the the IP the C3 this the IP of the switch as About C3 Switch (Optional) the gateway (Optional) the If specified, to the of the and to the Switch command, readwrite. the shown IP, then then the to accepted. This shows to the IP to with of this command to clear the IP clear C3
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the IP this to the to IP switch Switch command, readonly. This shows to the to IP IP this to the to IP switch Selects BOOTP as the to to the IP Selects DHCP as the to to the IP to the IP
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to IP to DHCP. this to information, including information, and and Switch command, readonly. This shows to information: location: Switch Not and/or Not off Thermal Threshold: threshold: C3
The following of the Table What It Displays... the of with the command location Where the located. of with the location location the of with the command Switch Indicates the switch the switches information each switch displayed. the supply. the secondary supply, of the fan(s). Indicates of off. The NA switches that this functionality. Thermal Threshold of thermal threshold reached. The NA switches that this functionality. The threshold as of the threshold rated. The Indicates whether the of or disabled. The Indicates whether or The or CLI connected of with the this to the
Switch command, readonly. This to the Please that the information from this SLOT HARDWARE INFORMATION ID: MAC 00:11:88:B1:76:C0 BCM56514 REV FirmWare this to information about the the switch, or the memory of the and SDRAM the or the the switch. the memory the of shown. information about the the switch. information about the memory the switch. information about the the switch. Switch command, readonly. This to the CPU C3(ro)->show CPU Threshold Threshold CPU Switch CPU SecureStack C3
This shows to the memory C3(ro)->show RAM RAM Other This shows to information about the the shown. C3(ro)->show Switch:1 CPU:1 TID tEmWeb this to the threshold CPU threshold threshold threshold threshold threshold of to of The threshold Switch command, readwrite. This the of CPU that to the threshold exceeded, once the back below the threshold. This the CPU threshold to
clear threshold this command to the CPU threshold to the of clear The threshold Switch command, readwrite. This the CPU threshold to the C3(rw)->show CPU Threshold Threshold CPU Switch CPU C3(rw)->clear C3(rw)->show CPU Threshold Threshold CPU Switch CPU this to the of which CoS operation switches or switches. clear SecureStack C3
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to this to or which CoS operation switches or switches. this the switch, the to whether to proceed. or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the this to this to the high threshold and the high the platforms that this overtemp-threshold
clear or high to the when the or high of SNMP when the overtempthreshold the thermal threshold as of the rated the platform. from to Trap threshold Switch command, readwrite. On the platforms that this located locations within the Threshold each The thermal threshold the highwater that, when reached, to the that the operating high high the CPU LED the front of the switch red. and/or SNMP The with this with the command. The following SNMP and the threshold to overtemp-threshold this to high to their the platforms that this clear clear C3
Switch command, readwrite. This command the high to their Trap threshold This high to their this to the of the clock. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the The the of the month, and the of hours, and seconds and the THU SEP this to the of the clock.
the month, and/or 24hour At least of Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the clock to this to Switch command, readonly. This shows to and to SUN APR SUN OCT hours Recurring: of the first of and of the of October C3
this to or the daylight function. or the function. (Optional) to the If specified, applied. Switch command, readonly. This shows to function: this to to and These nonrecurring and to annually. start_month start_year end_month end_year offset_minutes start_month the month of the to the of the month to daylight start_year the year to daylight the of to daylight Format end_month the month of the to the of the month to end_year the year to daylight the of to daylight Format offset_minutes (Optional) the amount of to offset daylight from the nondaylight If offset specified, applied.
recurring Switch command, readwrite. This shows to daylight of and of October with offset of hour: October this to recurring These and the specified of the month and hour each and to annually. recurring start_month end_month offset_minutes the of the month to first, second, third, fourth, and the of the to daylight the of to Format the of the month to the of the to the of to daylight Format offset_minutes (Optional) the amount of to offset daylight from the nondaylight If offset specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the first of and the of October with offset of recurring first October recurring C3
clear clear this command to clear the clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the daylight this to the prompt_string text the command Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the command to Switch Switch Switch containing the text as shown the below.
this command to the of the that Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the C3(rw)->show This to XYZ Corporation. of this strictly to authorized this to the of the and The of the This text that to used. and Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of the to read: This to XYZ Corporation. of this strictly to authorized C3
clear clear "\tThis to XYZ Corporation.\nUse of this strictly to authorized this to clear the of the displayed to clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the of the to C3(rw)->clear this to and information. to Downloading instructions to Switch command, readonly. This shows to information. Please that information displayed, the type of Copyright Networks, Inc.
C3G124-48P REV of the command What It Displays... Switchs of the switch. Ethernet switches.) this to the (Optional) text that the If specified, the cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to Information Information containing the text as shown the below. C3
location location this to the location of the location (Optional) text that where the located. If specified, the location cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the location location N32-04 this command to the (Optional) that the of the to If specified, the cleared. Switch command, readwrite. location containing the text as shown the below. containing the text as shown the below.
This shows to the Smith this to the of the connected to the switchs the of to (Optional) this (written to NVRAM). Switch command, readwrite. The of of CLI displayed using the as This shows to the to this to the of the CLI This (written to NVRAM). the of the CLI which the Scrolling and from to C3
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to this to the seconds) or CLI Switch command, readonly. This shows to the CLI currently to: this command to the or CLI connected timeout timeout the of the
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the timeout to this to [flowcontrol] [parity] (Optional) the input/output (Optional) the of character. flowcontrol (Optional) the type of flow (Optional) the type of parity. (Optional) the of If specified, displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to Flow StopBits Parity this to the the and C3
Downloading Downloading Downloading from TFTP Downloading the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to You the firmware the SecureStack C3 switch without physically the switch or the location. There to firmware to the switch: TFTP This TFTP connected to the and the firmware the TFTP to TFTP the command, to information TFTP timeout and to timeout and the This outofband that the firmware through the to the switch. It should when the switch to the inband TFTP. tested with the following applications: HyperTerminal Copyright other explicitly supported. The C3 switch allows to and The and selected as the the commands this section. To TFTP as follows: If already the switchs IP using the command as Download using the as To switch firmware the as follows: With the connected, the switch. The following displays: Computing MD5 Checksum of Select option. If selection seconds then
Select the type to the The using option XMODEM (64KB). using XMODEM the to factory The following selection screen displays: to the switch to The following displays: to the to and ENTER. From the options type to XMODEM. the XMODEM the following and header information Ready to the with XMODEM/CRC.... Ready to RECEIVE characters to XMODEM CRC.... CRC. Downloading C3
Downloading to Previous The following the MD5 Checksum....................fe967970996c4c8c43a10cd1cd7be99a Type......................0x82 length....................0x006053b3 Length............0x0028 C2G124-24 C2G124-48 C2H124-48 C2K124_24 Length............0x7 From the options type to the selection screen the switch to The following displays: to the to and ENTER. From the options type to the The following Uncompressing..... the that to to of completing the following as this chapter. to back to You then the to location You to these remotely with the command. of the with the command. the to that the created. If the to TFTP with the command: tftp://configs/ server_ipaddr/path and previous of the as Downloading this of to the with the the to the specify the the with the command,
and Selecting Commands the using the If follow the to the switch. To and the the switch The C3 switch allows to and which selected as the the commands this section. information about... to this to the the switch Switch command, readonly. This shows to the switchs firmware to bootfile and Selecting C3
this command to the firmware the switch the of the firmware Switch command, readwrite. This allows to the firmware to You choose to the to the immediately, or choose to specify the to the the switch rebooted. You the to the Active and the which the the If the firmware to earlier than the to to Previous the to follow. This shows to the firmware to the of the to the The then to the Active and This optionally the to the to (Active) (bytes) <platform (bytes) <platform
Starting and Commands To or and to to host. The C3 switch allows of four inbound and or outbound to information about... to this command to the of the switch. Switch command, readonly. This shows to inbound currently: ENABLED outbound currently: ENABLED this to or the switch. inbound outbound Starting and SecureStack C3
or services. inbound (Optional) inbound service (the to to this switch), outbound outbound service (the to to other or (both inbound and outbound). If specified, both inbound and outbound service Switch command, readwrite. This shows to inbound and outbound services: and terminated, this to to host. The C3 switch allows of four inbound and or outbound to the or IP of the host. (Optional) the If specified, the used. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to
Switch and Commands The of which that when CLI commands or when the switch executed, the to NVRAM the following On the every and there On the the there If to to NVRAM often than the the and the to the the You the from to with the snmp command. If the to commands written to NVRAM. Although the commands actively the they the command SNMP and to the the to or that To and the CLI commands, manually the and and and and TFTP information about... to snmp snmp timeout Switch and C3
snmp snmp snmp information about... to clear timeout clear this to the snmp Switch command, readonly. the to which If the to commands to when the the issued as Persistence This shows to the this to which snmp this to the which whether automatically, or the command. information. snmp
the to This the the to to the command issued as This back to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to snmp this to the If this the to switch Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the this to and the C3
(Optional) the or directory to If specified, the displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the and the The which the Active and which the that the the (Active) (bytes) <platform (bytes) <platform this to the of the of the to
Switch command, readonly. This shows to text the configs/ directory. that of the shown this C3(rw)->show #snmp snmp security-model snmp security-model snmp security-model write snmp security-model write snmp security-model write snmp community snmp security-model snmp security-model snmp security-model snmp security-model snmp security-model snmp user authentication snmp this to the or write the to facility C3
(Optional) and facility (Optional) the of facility which to router to router (Optional) that the written to text the configs/ directory. the directory to information Switch command, readonly. The that displayed this the of the the facility the facility This shows to write the to C3(rw)->show This shows to the facility C3(rw)->show This shows only. to both and NON-DEFAULT CONFIGURATION this to previously downloaded the switch.
the and of the to (Optional) the to the This to the of the directly the CLI and used, to to the If specified, the with the of the which of the chassis. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the configs/Jan1_2004.cfg this to or or CLI location and of the to the or directory, or the URL of TFTP, FTP (SFTP), or Copy (SCP) location and of the where the copied. the directory, or the URL of TFTP, SFTP, or SCP The of TFTP to Switch command, readwrite. SFTP and SCP only to or the You SFTP or SCP to C3
This shows to TFTP: This shows to to the directory: tftp://10.1.192.1/Jan1_2004.cfg configs/Jan1_2004.cfg This shows to from the directory SFTP. configs/Jan1_2009.cfg sftp://user:passwd@10.1.192.1/Jan1_2009.cfg this to or CLI from the switch. the to the and Switch command, readwrite. the command to and This shows to the configs/Jan1_2004.cfg this to TFTP the switch TFTP.
timeout clear timeout Switch command, readonly. The TFTP timeout with the timeout command. The TFTP with the command. This shows the of this command. C3(ro)->show TFTP timeout (seconds): TFTP retry: this to TFTP of acknowledgement or timeout seconds seconds the of seconds to reply. The from to seconds. seconds. Switch command, readwrite. This the timeout to seconds. timeout this command to the TFTP timeout to the of seconds. clear timeout C3 timeout
clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the timeout to the of seconds. clear timeout this to TFTP acknowledgement or the of The from to Switch command, readwrite. This the count to this to the TFTP to the of clear
Clearing and Closing the CLI Commands (clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the to the of clear To clear the CLI or to CLI information about... to this to clear the the CLI Switch command, readonly. This shows to clear the CLI Clearing and Closing the CLI C3
the Switch of these commands to CLI Switch command, readonly. switch timeout of inactivity, closing CLI the to this This shows to CLI To or switches, and to clear the information about... to clear this to the switch without (Optional) to
clear If ID specified, the Switch command, readwrite. C3 switch with the RESET located its front information to this, to the C3 shipped with switch. This shows to the to the to switches. This shows to to the switch? switch This switch of the STACK: this to clear the clear (Optional) Clears (and and If specified, cleared. Switch command, readwrite. the clear to clear to the following: C3 clear
and and Commands clear to clear without clearing IDs. This WILL NOT clear and the of renumbering the clear when to clear including IDs and switch the clear to clear the IP and information cleared the selecting option to factory from the switch This selection other This shows to clear (including (The Networks switch and TCP the C3 switch. You and or the commands this section. securely SSL SSL the switch. SSL To type the IP of the switch browser. To SSL, type https:// then the IP of the switch. information about... to this command to
Switch command, readonly. This shows to C3(rw)->show Enabled. this command to or the switch. or the switch. Switch command, readwrite. It security reasons to HTTP the switch when finished with and then to the switch when to This shows to the switch: this command to SSL SecureStack C3
Switch command, readonly. This shows to SSL C3(rw)->show SSL Enabled this command to or the of SSL SSL the switch. This command to the that or the to SSL. and then the SSL process. SSL, and then SSL. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SSL:
Gathering Technical Information Command To gather technical information. information about... to this to switch information troubleshooting. Switch command, readonly. This initiates of commands to easily gather information from To this command, to the to first, the command, the from the following commands gathered this command: There the of this Gathering Technical Information C3
Hostprotect Hostprotect Commands hostprotect hostprotect This of bound C3 switches, to the of of Service the hostprotect functionality to traffic, such as or LACP the information about... to hostprotect hostprotect clear hostprotect this to the of the hostprotect hostprotect Hostprotect Switch command, readonly. This shows the of this command. C3(rw)->show hostprotect hostprotect this to or hostprotect the switch. hostprotect
clear hostprotect hostprotect hostprotect This Switch command, readwrite. Hostprotect that Priority to hostprotect At than to the hostprotect At hostprotect and to than (with the command), the and displayed. At than and to hostprotect with this command, the and warning displayed. the hostprotect of the switch or of switches. This hostprotect. hostprotect the this to this command to the hostprotect to the of clear hostprotect The Switch command, readwrite. clear hostprotect SecureStack C3
clear hostprotect the hostprotect of the switch or of switches. If than and this to the hostprotect to the and warning This to the hostprotect to the the than hostprotect the this to Could to
Licensing Procedure to the C3 advanced features, such as Advanced Routing, purchase and If purchased to as this section. If to or the Customer or the Networks of to If the activated activated to If the activated then the licensed functionality to they to as character to the following: INCREMENT advrouter 0123456789AB 0123456789AB The of the from the Typethe type of the C3, the this field INCREMENT. of the licensed. advrouter as shown the character Datebased the C3, the this field typeindicates whether the or If the this field the of the If the this field the Keythe IDthe of the switch to which this activating that and the character rather than the text manually. The of operating activated CLI following these of the from the Customer Activating Licensed C3
Clearing, Showing, and Applying New to Licensed Clearing, Showing, and Applying Commands Activating Licensed Optionally, the of the switches the You the to the switch numbers. Since to the switch automatically, based the switch that of the should know the of the switches to the of the switches first, the the the first, the the INCREMENT advrouter 0123456789AB 0123456789AB the the switch the command. SecureStack C3 switch without to that licensing the the switch to the switch. To to the switch from the Customer the to the following the New Unit to Existing the to and the switchs The switch then the and its attached. Alternatively, and the switchs first, the switch to the displayed, applied, and cleared only with the commands this chapter. commands such as or clear apply to Every associated with platform, based the of the platform. If to from platform to another, Customer to rehosting of the information about... to clear
this to the SecureStack C3 features. type DBV type the type of the C3, the this field INCREMENT. The of the licensed. DBV as of the Indicates whether the or If the this field the of the If the this field the The The of the switch to which this Switch command, readwrite. If switches each to Licensing Procedure information. activating with this command, recommends that and the character rather than the text manually. If the character manually, that exactly match the of the character to Every associated with platform, based the of the If to from platform to another, Customer to rehosting of the This shows to the switch with this the switch standalone its INCREMENT advrouter DF6A8558E5AB and SecureStack C3
clear Activating Licensed this to information switches with activated (Optional) the switch which to information. to Switches information about IDs, or numbers. If specified, information switches the displayed. Switch command, readonly. displayed, applied, and cleared only with the commands this chapter. commands such as or clear This shows to information switch the C3(ro)->show INCREMENT advrouter 31173CAC6495 Active this to clear the clear The of the cleared. Switch command, readwrite.
This shows to clear the featureId C3 clear
clear Activating Licensed
Commands and The commands this section apply to the to The commands this chapter allow to and and including the to the the threshold each whether or SNMP when and information about... to threshold this to Switch command, readonly. Notice C3
threshold threshold and This shows to Detection Unit Consumption(W) Threshold(%) Trap Table of the Table What It Displays... Detection the PD the switch. The with the Unit of Whether the off or This (W) Units (W) Units consumed. Units of Threshold Units of the The threshold with the command threshold Trap Whether or this Trap with the this to the threshold specified or threshold usage-threshold usagethreshold threshold as of to the or which to the threshold. Switch command, readwrite.
The threshold as of the this threshold reached, with the command. This shows to the threshold to threshold this to or the of SNMP or whenever the of its or whenever the threshold crossed. or the or which to or of Switch command, readwrite. The or threshold the threshold as This shows to this to the the switch to to its C3
and that the switch the first. If that then the switch the of that the switch only the Switch command, readwrite. This to specify the switch should connected to its The the switches the IEEE (resistorbased) or using If the switch first the IEEE resistorbased and that the switch the If the IEEE resistorbased used. This the switchs PD to IEEE only. C3 this to (Optional) information If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information this the and from
Priority Class wireless searching this to or off high type type the which to off the to off or the the to high (highest), high or type type the type of connected to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to with priority: SecureStack C3
and
CDP Commands Discovery This chapter to discovery information, to the Neighbor Discovery the Networks information about... to CDP Discovery Discovery and LLDP-MED To and the CDP This to network topology. this allows to about themselves to neighboring The commands to and the CDP below. information about... to auth hold-time clear neighbors C3
Discovery this to the of the CDP and or (Optional) CDP of to Used the CLI If specified, CDP information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to CDP information through CDP CDP Supported CDP CDP Authentication CDP of the Table What It Displays... CDP Whether CDP or The of with the command. to CDP CDP number(s) the switch. Supported CDP seconds) which CDP The of seconds with the hold-time command. to hold-time
Table (Continued) What It Displays... CDP Authentication Authentication CDP The of the auth command. to auth CDP seconds) which CDP transmitted. The of seconds with the command. to of to Used the CLI Whether CDP or the this command to or the CDP discovery or or the CDP the specified which the becomes its first CDP (Optional) or CDP of to Used the CLI If specified, the CDP Switch command, readwrite. This shows to CDP: This shows to the CDP This shows to the CDP C3
auth auth Discovery this to CDP authentication auth auth-code authcode authentication the CDP This to Switch command, readwrite. The authentication switchs CDP If or switches the CDP authentication they each others CDP If they authentication they and each others CDP switch with the authentication characters) switches, what their authentication and them its CDP This shows to the CDP authentication to auth this to the seconds) of the CDP discovery the of CDP from to seconds. Switch command, readwrite.
hold-time clear This shows to the CDP to seconds: this to the CDP hold-time holdtime the CDP from to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to CDP to seconds: hold-time this to CDP to clear hold-time auth-code (Optional) the CDP to portstate (Optional) the to (Optional) the to seconds. holdtime (Optional) the to seconds. authcode (Optional) the authentication to of At least optional C3 hold-time
neighbors neighbors Discovery Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the CDP to This displays Neighbor Discovery information the CDP or DP neighbors (Optional) the or which to Neighbor Discovery information. If specified, Neighbor Discovery information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This command displays information both the CDP and the DP This displays Neighbor Discovery information neighbors ID ID Network 00-01-f4-00-70-8a
Discovery Commands To and the Discovery to they allow to about themselves to neighboring Specifically, this from of information about the switch and the The commands to and the below. to neighbors information about... to info clear this to discovery information. Switch command, readonly. This shows to DP information. (TTl): Discovery C3
info info Discovery ID 001188554A60 WED NOV of the command Table What It Displays... Whether DP or that DP only DP received. of with the command. The of seconds discovery PDU The of seconds with the command. of seconds neighboring PDU from the of with the command. ID The MAC of the switch. The that the DP discovered. this to summary information about the or info (Optional) DP information of to Used the CLI If specified, DP information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to DP information Ethernet info trusted of the
info What It Displays... of to Used the CLI State Whether DP or the of using the command. Whether VLAN ID this of the command. trusted The of the of trusted the command. The Class of Service traffic. The of the command. this to or the the switch. only DP received. discovery Switch command, readwrite. This shows to this to the of seconds PDU seconds C3
Discovery seconds the of seconds DP PDU from to seconds. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the DP to seconds. this to the to (TTL) This the amount of seconds, neighboring PDU from the hold-time holdtime the to DP from to seconds. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to DP to seconds: this command to the VLAN, and CoS the Discovery or trusted
the or and the VLAN PDU the VLAN ID, VLAN This the Instructs attached phone to Instructs attached to trusted the the Instructs attached phone to allow the connected to to containing CoS or This the Instructs attached to overwrite the of the connected to to or to the with the Instructs attached to overwrite the of transmitted the connected to with the specified when the of the to untrusted. from to with indicating the lowest priority. the which VLAN: trusted CoS Switch readwrite. The following the DP the switch. DP of or only meaningful when IP phone connected to switch and PC or other connected to the back of the IP DP of trusted or only affects transmitted the connected to the IP the connected to the IP phone unaffected this If the switch to DP of trusted (with the of this command), this to the IP instructing to allow the connected to it to containing CoS or C3
clear clear Discovery If the switch to DP of this to the IP phone instructing to overwrite the of transmitted the connected to to or to the specified the of this command. There onetoone the with the and the assigned to the IP of to of Therefore, of the highest priority. The Discovery the command This shows to the DP VLAN ID to and the This shows to the DP to and the CoS to this command to clear the discovery back to the clear Clears to of Clears the PDU to of seconds. Clears the PDU to of seconds. Clears the Clears the to the of Clears the VLAN PDU to Clears the of the to trusted. Clears the CoS of the to (Optional) the which If DP to the and Switch readwrite.
Discovery and LLDP-MED This shows to clear the DP back to the C3(rw)->clear This shows to clear the DP The Discovery (LLPD) industry to allow to their and and to that information about their neighbors. LLDPMED to LLDP that the following of LAN such as VLAN priority, and leading to location and topology discovery, allowing creation of location and, the of of E911 services and of Ethernet Inventory allowing to their and to their characteristics, such as software and and or The information extracted and its The when information or The information to that to to this information, this information, or both and Either LLDP or LLDPMED, both, interface switch LLDPMED when that connected to LLDP information within Discovery Unit (LLDPDU) Ethernet The information LLDPDU of information known as TLVs type, length, and where: what of information the of the information the information that to The LLDP that TLVs transmitted while others optional. You which optional LLDP and LLDP MED TLVs should To and LLPD and LLPDMED. Discovery and LLDP-MED C3
Discovery and LLDP-MED Commands Discovery The commands to and the CDP below. information about... to tx-tlv location-info remote-info med-fast-repeat med-trap location-info tx-tlv clear clear clear clear med-trap clear location-info clear clear tx-tlv The commands included this allow to the following
Command(s) LLDP to: and LLDP LLDP-MED ECS ELIN set/clear location-info Network TLVs set/clear which optional TLVs should ECS ELIN and/or Network TLVs, those optional TLVs to the this to LLDP information. Switch command, readonly. This shows to LLDP information. C3(ro)->show MED Count Tx-Enabled Rx-Enabled Trap-Enabled MED Trap-Enabled med-fast-repeat clear set/clear set/clear set/clear med-trap set/clear tx-tlv C3
Discovery this to the LLDP of or The command the that to and LLDP or with the command. (Optional) LLDP or of If specified, LLDP information displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to LLDP information C3(ro)->show Tx-Enabled Rx-Enabled this to the that to LLDP when detected or LLDPMED when the topology to LLDP with the and to LLDPMED with the medtrap command. (Optional) the or of that to LLDP and/or LLDPMED notifications. If specified, LLDP information Switch command, readonly.
tx-tlv location-info This shows to LLDP information C3(ro)->show Trap-Enabled MED Trap-Enabled Ports: this to information about which optional TLVs to to optional TLVs with the txtlv command. txtlv (Optional) information about TLV or of If specified, TLV information displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to TLV information three C3(ro)->show tx-tlv Means TLV and this o Means TLV this Means TLV this MAC MED MED MED MED PHY this to location information or with location the locationinfo command. location-info C3 tx-tlv
Discovery (Optional) location information or of If specified, location information Switch command, readonly. This shows to location information three C3(ro)->show location-info Location ELIN ELIN ELIN this to the information or You this information to or the and the attached (Optional) information or of If specified, information displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to the information Table the output of this command. C3(rw)->show Id: 1000BASE-TX RJ45 Ethernet
Chassis ID 00-E0-63-93-74-A5 LLDP Chassis Networks, Inc. Supported/Enabled bridge,router/bridge Supported/Enabled 10BASE-T, 10BASE-TFD, 100BASE-TX, 100BASE-TXFD, 1000BASE-TFD, Speed/Duplex/Type (bytes) LAG Supported/Enabled/Id Tree (IEEE802.1s) LACP GVRP Network softphone conferencing/tagged/10/3/5 streaming ECS ELIN PSE Source MDI Supported/Enabled Controllable/Used Class Priority high Table the information displayed the command. Table What Displays... the which information displayed. Mandatory LLDP TLV that the the LLDPDU. RFC Optional basic LLDP TLV. RFC Optional LLDP TLV. of interface. Chassis ID Mandatory LLDP TLV that the chassis the LLDPDU. MAC of chassis. Optional basic LLDP TLV. the assigned the Optional basic LLDP TLV. sysDescr RFC Supported/Enabled Optional LLDP TLV. and/or router. C3
Discovery (Continued) What Displays... Supported/Enabled IEEE MAC-PHY TLV. and should the the attached to the Advertised IEEE MAC-PHY TLV. the the Speed/Duplex/ IEEE MAC-PHY TLV. the MAU type, and of the If the TLV that these the (bytes) IEEE TLV. of the MAC and PHY. bytes. bytes. IEEE VLAN ID TLV. VLAN ID LAG Supported/Enabled/Id IEEE TLV. whether the associated with this whether currently aggregated, and the IEEE Identity TLV. include LACP, and GARP and those the displayed. Network LLDP-MED Network TLV. the to TLV, displays the VLAN type or VLAN Id, and both the and associated with the ECS ELIN LLDP-MED Location TLV. Emergency Services (ECS) Emergency Location (ELIN) currently the type supported. the ELIN this LLDP-MED MDI TLV. Displayed only when the of the On switch the Sourcing Entity (PSE). Source LLDP-MED MDI TLV. Displayed only when or indicating whether the PSE its or MDI Supported/Enabled IEEE MDI TLV. Displayed when Indicates whether the MDI TLV supported/enabled. or IEEE MDI TLV. Displayed when Indicates whether selection the to RFC or of Used only or Class IEEE MDI TLV. Displayed when Indicates the the from to
remote-info Table (Continued) What Displays... LLDP-MED MDI TLV. Displayed when Indicates the the of sourcing based its Priority LLDP-MED MDI TLV. Displayed when Indicates the the high, or this to the information connected to You this information to or the and the attached remote-info (Optional) information or of If specified, information Switch command, readonly. This shows to the information The information from IP which the that to the information C3(ro)->show remote-info Remote Chassis ID Communication III) AVE0E143D Supported/Enabled Supported/Enabled Advertised 10BASE-T, 10BASE-TFD 100BASE-TX, 100BASE-TXFD Speed/Duplex/Type Network remote-info C3
Discovery Revision 4610D01A Revision Software Revision 05GM42004348 that the information displayed the remoteinfo the type of that to the Table the that to the information to of the information that to both the and the information remote-info What Displays... Remote whatever information the LLDPDU from the this the MAC of Mandatory LLDP-MED TLV. Displayed only when the connected to Revision LLDP-MED Inventory TLV Revision LLDP-MED Inventory TLV Software Revision LLDP-MED Inventory TLV LLDP-MED Inventory TLV LLDP-MED Inventory TLV LLDP-MED Inventory TLV ID LLDP-MED Inventory TLV the ID from the the displayed. this to LLDP information. Network information the command. softphone-voice information about information about the type. information about the type. information about only the type. information about the type.
softphonevoice information about the softphone type. information about only the type. information about the streaming type. information about only the type. (Optional) information about LLDP or of If specified, only displayed that If specified, then and displayed the specified Switch command, readonly. This shows to LLDP information C3(ro)->show Application State softphone streaming this command to the seconds, LLDP initiated the LLDP information. the of seconds of LLDP from to seconds. The seconds. C3
Discovery Switch command, readwrite. This the to seconds. this to the LLDP this The LLDPDU the the the to apply to the to the from to Switch command, readwrite. This the to seconds and the to which of to the TTL field the LLDPDU header. this to the LLDP this LLDP when detected.
med-fast-repeat the LLDP seconds. The from to seconds. The seconds. Switch command, readwrite. This the LLDP to seconds. Network connectivity LLDP TLVs they that LLDPMED connected to At that the connectivity LLDPMED TLVs that this command to the of (with LLDPMED TLVs) to med-fast-repeat count count the of to when LLDPMED detected. from to Switch command, readwrite. This the of to to med-fast-repeat med-fast-repeat C3
Discovery this to or and or of both the specified and from the specified both both and the specified both and received the specified the or of to affected. Switch command, readwrite. This both and and from through both this command to or LLDP when detected. LLDP the specified LLDP the specified the or of to affected.
med-trap location-info Switch command, readwrite. This LLDP through this command to or LLDPMED when the topology the (that attached or from the med-trap LLDPMED the specified LLDPMED the specified the or of to affected. Switch command, readwrite. This LLDPMED through med-trap this command to LLDPMED location information or of Currently, Emergency Services (ECS) Emergency Location (ELIN) supported. location-info that the ECS ELIN to used. the location from to characters. the or of to affected. med-trap C3
tx-tlv tx-tlv Discovery Switch command, readwrite. location information the to the Location Information TLV with the txtlv command. This the ELIN through and then the to the Location Information TLV. location-info tx-tlv med-loc this to the optional LLDP and LLDPMED TLVs to the specified or the to the of these TLVs the tx-tlv med-loc optional TLVs to transmitted optional LLDP TLV. RFC optional basic LLDP TLV. the assigned the optional LLDP TLV. sysDescr RFC optional basic LLDP TLV. connectivity and/or router. optional LLDP TLV. of interface. VLAN ID IEEE TLV. VLAN ID (PVID). Tree information Identity IEEE TLV. If STP the includes of used. LACP information Identity IEEE TLV. If LACP the includes of used.
GVRP information Identity IEEE TLV. If LACP the includes of used. MACPHY IEEE TLV. includes the MAU type, and of the MDI IEEE TLV. include whether selection and the the IEEE TLV. whether the associated with this whether currently aggregated, and the IEEE TLV. of the MAC and PHY. medcap LLDPMED the (whether the location information, MDI) and of the LLDPMED Network TLV. include VLAN type or VLAN ID, and both and associated with the the information. medloc LLDPMED Location TLV. the ECS ELIN the the locationinfo information. LLDPMED MDI TLV. include the the of sourcing and the the the or of to affected. Switch command, readwrite. This the MED MED and MED location TLVs to tx-tlv med-cap med-loc C3 tx-tlv
Discovery this to LLDP of or of The with this as LLDPMED Network TLVs. Network TLVs LLDPDU. softphone-voice the the the the softphonevoice the softphone the the streaming the (Optional) or the information (Optional) Indicates whether the or VLAN. If both the VLAN ID and the CoS and the DSCP (Optional) VLAN the The of from to (Optional) the to the The from to of of the as IEEE 802.1D. (Optional) the DSCP to to the The from to of of the DSCP as RFC This the with the This the with the This the with the the using that the IEEE 802.1D and the PVID of the used.
clear the or of to affected. Switch command, readwrite. This allows to LLDP the switch. LLDP these LLDP from the the ANSI/TIA the Network TLV with that such as interactive and/or services and should connectivity and to the ANSI/TIA of the types. Network TLVs, the to the Network TLV with the txtlv command. This the TLV and then the to the Network TLV. tx-tlv this to LLDP to their clear med-fast-repeat LLDP to their including LLDP the of seconds of LLDP the of seconds. the to apply to the to the to the of the LLSP to the of seconds. medfastrepeat the of to when LLDP MED to the of C3 clear
clear clear clear Discovery Switch command, readwrite. This the to the of seconds. C3(rw)->clear this to the to the of both (both and clear the or of to affected. Switch command, readwrite. This to the of both and received this to the LLDP to the of clear the or of to affected.
clear med-trap clear location-info Switch command, readwrite. This to the LLDP of C3(rw)->clear this command to the LLDPMED to the of clear med-trap the or of to affected. Switch command, readwrite. This to the LLDPMED of C3(rw)->clear med-trap this to the ECS ELIN location to the of clear location-info that the ECS ELIN location information should cleared. the or of to affected. Switch command, readwrite. clear med-trap C3
clear clear Discovery This the location information ELIN to the of C3(rw)->clear location-info this to LLDP of or of to clear softphone-voice to to the to the to the to the softphonevoice to the softphone to the to the streaming to the (Optional) Clears the of the information to (Optional) Clears the of the to (Optional) Clears the VLAN the to the of (Optional) Clears the to the to the of (A of of the as IEEE 802.1D.) (Optional) Clears the DSCP to to the to the of (A of of the DSCP as RFC the or of to affected. At least (or and specified. Switch command, readwrite.
clear tx-tlv This to their C3(rw)->clear this to clear the optional LLDP and LLDPMED TLVs to the specified or to the of clear tx-tlv med-loc optional TLVs from the optional basic LLDP TLV from the optional LLDP TLV from the optional basic LLDP TLV from the optional LLDP TLV from the optional LLDP TLV from the VLAN ID IEEE TLV from the Tree information Identity IEEE TLV from the LACP information Identity IEEE TLV from the GVRP information Identity IEEE TLV from the MACPHY IEEE TLV from transmitted the MDI IEEE TLV from the IEEE TLV from the IEEE TLV from medcap the LLDPMED TLV from transmitted C3 clear tx-tlv
clear tx-tlv Discovery the LLDPMED Network TLV from medloc the LLDPMED Location TLV from transmitted the LLDPMED MDI TLV from the or of to affected. Switch command, readwrite. This the MED MED and MED location TLVs from C3(rw)->clear tx-tlv med-cap med-loc
Summary Used the CLI This chapter the of commands and to them. information about... to Summary and and and Flow and Detection Broadcast Mirroring (LACP) Protected Commands the following to type, location, and number.port Where type Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet the interfaces IEEE802.3 Where switch SecureStack C3
Used the CLI Commands Where the The highest the of the and the type. The often interchangeably with the switch CLI to location. You wildcard to of would Ethernet and would Ethernet This shows the specifying the Ethernet This shows the specifying Ethernet the This shows the specifying (of interface type) the To operating type, and information about and transmitted through or switch the information about... to counters clear counters
this to whether or or switching. (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information this to operating and and type or the (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information C3
counters counters (truncated) N/A N/A RJ45 Table of the What It Displays... of to Used the CLI (truncated) the the command, to or Whether the specified or the command to the of to using the to to or of the specified the to to or of the specified using the to to and Advertised Physical and interface type. this command to counter statistics through the and through MIB2 counters switch (Optional) counter statistics of to Used the CLI switch (Optional) switch or MIB2 statistics. Switch statistics performance of the C3 MIB2 interface statistics performance of If specified, counter statistics displayed If or switch specified, counter statistics displayed the specified Switch command, readonly.
This shows to counter statistics, including MIB2 and through the counters MIB2 Interface: counter MIB2 Interface Counters Octets Unicast Broadcast Octets Unicasts Broadcast 802.1Q Switch Counters Transmitted This shows to counter statistics related to through the counters switch Bridge 802.1Q Switch Counters Transmitted Table of the counters What It Displays... of to Used the CLI MIB2 Interface MIB2 interface Bridge IEEE 802.1D MIB2 Interface MIB2 counts Counters 802.1Q Switch Counts of received, transmitted, and Counters C3 counters
clear counters clear counters this to clear counter statistics or of clear counters (Optional) the or of to clear counter statistics. If specified, counters cleared Switch command, readwrite This clears the counters counters this command to troubleshoot and This switch platforms that Ethernet RJ45 (Optional) the or to If specified, information about displayed. Switch command, readonly. Ethernet RJ45 only, this the of the Table below), and the of the attached to the If switch platform GE RJ45 this If attached to the the and shown. If the 1GE RJ45 the of Not Supported.
and Commands Since the momentarily flow, warning displayed and prompted to This shows the GE Warning: offline momentarily. to Normal Table of the command What the Indicates the of the The of the following: Indicates the of the attached to the To and or and to assign to You to security or to troubleshoot assigned information about... to Normal attached to Short of inter-pair unknown or that connected Not Supported other than 1GE RJ45 and C3
this to or this executed, to the physical Ethernet the learn the forwarding the to of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to this to administratively or the to of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to
this command to the or (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information this to assign to the to which assigned. of to Used the CLI (Optional) Assigns to the If the the surrounded characters. If specified, the assigned to the cleared. Switch command, readwrite. C3
This shows to the to This shows to clear the
and Commands To and the and the or or These that information about... to this to the or (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Ethernet and SecureStack C3
this to the of or This that the which to of to Used the CLI the or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to of this to the or or (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed. Switch command, readonly.
This shows to the Ethernet this to the type or This command that the which type of to Used the CLI the to or halfduplex operation. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to C3
Commands To review, and or This allows Ethernet to to KB information about... to clear this to the of and (MTU) or (Optional) the of of to Used the CLI If specified, Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of
clear this to or or or (Optional) the which to or of to Used the CLI If specified, or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to Ethernet this to to or clear (Optional) the which to to of to Used the CLI If specified, Switch command, readwrite. This shows to Ethernet C3
and Advertised and Commands To or and to and the the the other of the what its and of operation If the to the specified and the flow commands. operation, with to that the to The user choose to that of its and the others activated that information about... to clear this to the of or (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed.
Switch command, readonly. This shows to Ethernet this to or or the which to or of to Used the CLI or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to Ethernet this to and as as and (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed. C3
Switch command, readonly. This shows to and 10BASE-T 10BASE-TFD 100BASE-TX 100BASE-TXFD 1000BASE-T 1000BASE-TFD 10BASE-T 10BASE-TFD 100BASE-TX 100BASE-TXFD 1000BASE-T 1000BASE-TFD this to what speed/duplex Select the which to of to Used the CLI 10BASET 10BASET 100BASETX 100BASETX 1000BASET 1000BASET PAUSE
clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to 1000BASET this to to speed/duplex when with another clear Clear of to Used the CLI 10BASET 10BASET 100BASETX 100BASETX 1000BASET 1000BASET PAUSE Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to MB SecureStack C3 clear
this command to the of type or Switch and the type, straight through (MDI) or crossover (MDIX), or the to allow type of type, MDI or MDIX. forced-auto information about information about the to the MDI/MDIX forcedauto information about the forced to the MDI/MDIX information about the with MDI information about the with MDIX (Optional) the selected MDI/MDIX the or specified. If specified, information Switch command, readonly. This displays information about MDIX MDIX MDIX MDIX this to type or forced-auto to the MDI/MDIX This the forcedauto Force to the MDI/MDIX
to MDI only. to MDIX only. (Optional) Specify the or to If the switch Switch command, readwrite. switch to the type straight through (MDI) or crossover (MDIX), the connected to the You to MDI or MDIX with this command. This only Ethernet and to the switch. This and to MDIX C3
Flow Flow Commands flowcontrol flowcontrol To or flow Flow to the as specified IEEE to from overwhelmed from information about... to flowcontrol flowcontrol this to the flow flowcontrol Switch command, readonly. This shows to the flowcontrol Flow this to or flow flowcontrol or flow
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to flowcontrol SecureStack C3 flowcontrol
and Detection and Detection Commands To or and to the function. to SNMP indicating to their or The function when and physical and the actions and eventually to such If the to Tree and routing information about... to action clear action threshold downtime clear clear this to whether the SNMP its (Optional) of to Used the CLI
If specified, the displayed. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to through this to of SNMP when their the which to or of to Used the CLI or when when Switch command, readwrite. The following this to and information. portsupported actsupported action threshold downtime currentcount totalcount C3
the of portstate the of the of portsupported which the function. actsupported actions the allowed seconds to action actions whether deactivated threshold the of allowed action the counting downtime deactivated. currentcount the totalcount occurred the the the or the of the (Optional) information If specified, information about displayed. If specified, information displayed. Switch readonly. The shown the following Condition action allowed seconds threshold of allowed action
This shows to the of the function: C3(rw)->show This shows to to C3(rw)->show currently DOWN This shows to the C3(rw)->show (X occurred) LF Actions Threshold Downtime D..S..T ...S..T Table of the command Table What displays... LF Actions Actions to the Threshold of to the action. seconds) Downtime seconds) This shows to the C3(rw)->show CurrentCount TotalCount Table of the What to the function. CurrentCount count the threshold. TotalCount of T= SNMP C3
Table (Continued) What displays... seconds) the of this to or the function. or the function. the function and Switch readwrite. the function and If the commands, retained. This shows to the function. this to or or or the function. (Optional) the or which to or If specified, or
action Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the this to the seconds) the which to the seconds. of the to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to seconds. this to reactions to action the which to the action. the reaction as the interface. the reaction as the reaction as SNMP the reaction as of the SecureStack C3
clear action clear action threshold Switch readwrite. This shows to the action to action this to clear reactions to clear action (Optional) the which to clear the action. Clears the reaction as the interface. Clears the reaction as Clears the reaction as SNMP Clears the reaction as of the If specified, actions cleared Switch readwrite. This shows to clear the action to action this command to the action count. threshold threshold-value
downtime clear the which to the action count. thresholdvalue the of to the action. of Switch readwrite. This shows to the threshold to threshold this to the seconds) or downtime the which to the downtime. downtime seconds. of the downtime to Switch readwrite. This to the downtime to seconds. downtime this to to clear downtime C3
clear clear (Optional) the to If specified, Switch readwrite. This to this to clear options and or statistics or clear threshold downtime Clears options and statistics, or clears statistics. Clears threshold Clears threshold, downtime or downtime (Optional specified) the which to clear If specified, and/or statistics cleared Switch readwrite. This shows to clear options C3(rw)->clear
Broadcast Commands To and the broadcast threshold or This the of received the switch Broadcast thresholds apply to affected. threshold of used, of Broadcast protects and ARP Class of Service functionality to broadcast, unknown and/or This from of through those to About CoS-Based information. information about... to clear this command to thresholds. (Optional) Select the which to thresholds. of to Used the CLI If specified, of displayed. Switch command, readonly. This to the thresholds through BC Threshold Broadcast C3
clear this command to the threshold, second, or This threshold the that and switched to other threshold-val Select the which to thresholds. of to Used the CLI thresholdval the threshold traffic. Ethernet Switch command, readwrite. to the C3. If would to the the threshold each to the of which as the section, The threshold to This through with of this command to clear the threshold to the of the selected clear threshold
Select the which to clear thresholds. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This clears the threshold to through threshold clear C3
Mirroring Mirroring Mirroring Mirroring should who knowledgeable about the of and its operation. The C3 allows to (or redirect) the switched the of and becomes another within the containing of located the Networks The C3 the following features: Mirroring manytoone that to Both and mirrored. as when the operationally active. created, the from the of VLAN MAC learned with the VLAN ID. This the to hops. Traffic to VLAN traffic. This the downstream as It recommended that (such as Tree) inter-switch that might affected Remote to which of switches to or Remote of the following related of and switches, as of VLAN, which VLAN which the The VLAN to ALL switches the which from the switch where the to the switch where the and/or You that switches properly to operation. The following to On the switch, the chosen to that there from that to the the from the to the of the VLAN.
SMON MIB Mirroring Procedures On switches the from the to the to the VLAN. With the introduction of NOT their switching or routing as they A2, B2, or C2 products. On switches where the VLAN that VLAN the VLAN. It the of the as learned the switch. SMON allows to redirect SMON MIBs. This troubleshooting or when through the or SSH feasible. the following to and SMON MIB To and instance: MIB browser, such as Netsight MIB the MIB directory to the portCopyEntry and the portCopyStatus MIB. and the Instance the source.target would relationship where to to relationship, both and interfaces and MIB option and SNMP operation. (Optional) the CLI to the instance created and as shown the following Mirroring Source Mirrored and Mirroring To instance without MIB option and SNMP operation. (Optional) the CLI to the instance created to as shown the following C3 Mirroring
Commands Mirroring Source Mirrored and Mirroring ready to this instance, MIB option (active) and SNMP operation. (Optional) the CLI to the instance To instance: Select previously created instance MIB MIB option and SNMP operation. (Optional) the CLI to the instance as shown the following Mirrors To and the information about... to clear clear this command to the and and whether currently or those
Switch command, readonly. This shows to information. this as and and these Mirroring Source Mirrored and Mirroring this to relationship or to or existing relationship Notes: created, the from VLAN "MAC learned with the VLAN ID. This the to hops. Creates, or the specified when created. the This the which the of to Used the CLI the This the that or the the of to Used the CLI when created this platform. Switch command, readwrite. that LAG and their physical as (LACP) mirrored. C3
clear clear This shows to and with as the and as the this to clear relationship. clear the of the to cleared. of to Used the CLI the of the to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear relationship and Assigns VLAN to traffic. If VLAN created, VLAN the VLAN flooded. the VLAN to The ID from to
clear Switch command, readwrite. to Remote Mirroring information about the to the The following assigns VLAN and then shows the with the command. Mirroring Source Mirrored and Mirroring this to clear the VLAN to traffic. clear the VLAN to cleared. The ID from to Switch command, readwrite. The following clears VLAN from C3 clear
(LACP) (LACP) LACP should who knowledgeable about Tree and and the of the of the to increase switch which accomplished both of that as (LAG). Once LAG from selected with the Tree this LAG as the (LACP) interfaces together to or to the IEEE This allows the switch to which and them Since the based the IEEE switch from that this automatically. LACP to (that or to router. of to of as each the LACP: information (reflecting the of the as as those established to information with other to the to (LAG). allocated to, (LAG) The to to the to the the LAG, and the from the when the LAG. information from the to whether to The of LACP the following Checking that actually aggregated. the of to LAG, and the creation of the necessary. the of to that the Removing from LAG its membership and the to allow LACP to whether of to the and to whether those from the of of to to establish each that
LACP Terminology C3 Considerations of the of associated with each and with each as of LAG and its associated The of LAG as when active Table LACP Table LACP Terms and Definitions Definition that physical Each C3 which the CLI as through LAG Group. Once physical associated with the as LAG with LACPDU Unit. The information of and states. the first (the actor) to the (the actors what the knows, both about its and that of its and the Its the the other of the of the other containing information about their LACP and assigned to and physical that LAG. The LACP C3 this to and which physical of allow with theirs to their LAG. On C3 the Priority to LAG ID, which If there the LACP the LAG IDs each grouping of The LAG with the LAG ID and allowed to the (and typical there to of the LACP the switch. The the of If the switch with its the and the switch function normally (that C3 to associated physical LACP C3 using the command or the command (LACP) C3
(LACP) Commands paths). information about building aggregations, to C3 which the CLI as through Each LAG to associated physical Once physical or associated with the as LAG with LACP which physical of allow with theirs to their LAG. LACP to LAG ID, which If there the LACP the LAG IDs each grouping of The LAG with the LAG ID and allowed to the There which physical attached to another this switch (loopback). There or with the LAG ID. This there or of the matching and priority. authentication the command and that otherwise 802.1X authorized. The LACP the C3 allow to physical LAG. The with the lowest LAG ID which physical allowed LAG based the LAG priority. with the lowest LAG allowed the LAG and other to as as there least active the LAG. Therefore, there to or to specifically assign the LAG and its physical to the of the VLAN. Typically, or to LAG. the creation of as If LAG and the switch the switch the LAG to the LAG the back To physical and of the operating information about... to clear clear
information about... to clear clear this to information about or (Optional) LACP information LAG If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. Each C3 which the CLI as through Once physical (that associated with the as (LAG) with This shows to information The following the output 00:01:F4:5F:1E:20 00:11:88:11:74:F9 Priority: Attached Ports: of the C3
Table What It Displays... LACP or the switch. the LAG the switch. about LAG. LAG SecureStack C3 which the CLI as through Once physical associated with the (LAG) with LACP Remote LACP MAC and Priority which LACP SecureStack C3 the or the assigned C3 of LAG though from the physical with the allowed to Attached physical associated with this this to or the (LACP) the or LACP. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to LACP:
this to the LACP priority. the to creating LAG Group) ID. to to with to Switch command, readwrite. LACP this to If there the LACP the LAG IDs each grouping of The LAG with the LAG ID and allowed to the This shows to the LACP to this command to the assigned or the LAG which to assign to to The Switch command, readwrite. C3
clear clear LACP this to physical with matching those of their allowed to The LAG This shows to the LACP to LAG this to clear LACP or clear Clears priority. or to the of Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the LAG this command to or or to assign or physical to (LAG). or the LAG to which assigned.
clear (Optional) the and LAG with allowed to the to to the LAG. of to Used the CLI If specified, assigned to the specified of assigned to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to the LAG of this to from Group. clear the LAG from which the to from the LAG. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to from the LAG of This If other than the physical the or C3 clear
clear this command to or the formation of or the formation of Switch command, readwrite. when only from this or to LAG. This existing created with It from they as as LAG connected to the switch as the LAG This the formation of this to the LAG function back to the of clear Switch command, readwrite.
This shows to the LAG function back to this to information or physical summary} counters LACP information of to Used the CLI LACP or summary information. summary counters LACP counter information. Switch command, readonly. State such as and indicated with abbreviations. If the command displays or of the following the the associated or Distributing C Collecting and allowed Short/Long LACP timeout Active/Passive LACP information about these to and the IEEE specification. This shows to LACP information or C3
Instance: ActorPort: ActorSystemPriority: ActorPortPriority: PartnerAdminSystemPriority: ActorAdminKey: PartnerOperSystemPriority: ActorOperKey: PartnerAdminPortPriority: PartnerOperPortPriority: PartnerAdminKey: ActorSystemID: SelectedAggID: AttachedAggID: This shows to LACP information summary ID: ID: This shows to LACP counters counters Instance: UnknownRx: this to or These the specified physical to LAG, and their once aggregated. the physical which to LACP. of to Used the CLI the LACP this to and which physical of allow with matching theirs to their LAG. The
the LACP to allow LACP LACP this Transition to synchronization Transition to Transition to Transition to to the priority. with higher priority. the priority. The LACP the C3 this to when there the with higher to (Optional) LACPDU this (Optional) LACPDU this to as the with allowed to to as the to as the priority. with higher priority. LACP options. to as the ID. This MAC to as the priority. with higher priority. At least If or specified, with the LACP LACP C3 using this command, or the C3
clear clear Switch command, readwrite. LACP commands and with (such as Corresponding commands and with (such as to the LACP while to its the other of the Actors and of the other containing information about their LACP and This shows to the to this to clear or clear the physical which LACP cleared. of to Used the CLI Clears Clears priority. Clears the priority. Clears or state(s). of to the Clears the Clears the ID. Clears the Clears the priority.
from the LACP Clears the or state(s). Switch command, readwrite. If to LACP the clear the clear to the If the first command, the from the This shows to clear C3 clear
Protected Protected Protected Operation Commands protected The Protected to from forwarding to each other, when they the VLAN. as protected or unprotected. of protected supported. that to protected to other protected the group, of the VLAN membership. protected to which group). Protected to protected group, they the VLAN. Unprotected to both protected and to of protected This only to within switch or It apply switches information about... to protected protected clear protected protected protected clear protected this to specify to protected and assign the to of protected assigned to group. protected group-id the or to protected. groupid the of the to which the should assigned. from to Switch command, readwrite.
protected clear protected This shows to through to protected protected this to information about the protected protected group-id (Optional) the or which to information. groupid (Optional) the of the which to information. from to If information about protected displayed. Readonly. This shows to information about protected C3(ro)->show protected this to or from protected clear protected group-id (Optional) the or to from protected groupid (Optional) the of the to from protected from to If protected and cleared. protected C3
protected protected protected Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear protected through protected this to assign to protected protected group-id groupid the of this group. from to the group. The to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to assign the group1 to protected protected group1 this command to the the specified. protected group-id groupid the of the to from to Readonly.
clear protected This to the of protected C3(ro)->show protected ID group1 this to clear the of protected group. clear protected group-id groupid the of the which to clear the from to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the of protected protected clear protected C3
clear protected
SNMP Summary This chapter the Network (SNMP) of commands and to them. information about... to SNMP Summary SNMP Statistics SNMP Users, and SNMP Access Rights SNMP MIB SNMP SNMP SNMP Creating SNMP Trap the SNMP Interface Networks containing of SNMP located the SNMP applicationlayer that the of information SNMP network to network performance, and and C3 three of SNMP: This the of SNMP. to RFC of functionality. The release of SNMP, RFC and to types, counter and operations. This the of SNMP, and includes to and security. RFC RFC RFC RFC and RFC SNMP C3
SNMP Summary and About SNMP Security and SNMP The of and three (such as switch). SNMP and MIBs, including SNMP community and Remote (RMON) MIBs, which SNMP applications, such as the NetSight which with to statistics and from the standardsbased that to authenticating and encrypting the The advanced security as follows: Collects securely without with or corrupted. Authentication the from Encryption the of to from unauthorized and the of SNMP and SNMP apply. These SNMP entity. SNMP consists of SNMP and SNMP SNMP consists of the following four This and subsystem This outgoing from the and them them header and them to the The subsystem incoming from the each header, and the PDU to the Security subsystem This authenticates and subsystem This which users and which operations allowed to SNMP security authentication that and the which the security the of security within security The three of SNMP security authentication (NoAuthNoPriv); authentication (AuthNoPriv); and (authPriv). of security and security which security when SNMP Table the of SNMP security C3 and authentication within each
SNMP Contexts to Considerations SNMP Statistics Table SNMP Security Security Authentication Encryption It Works NoAuthNoPriv Community community match authentication. NoAuthNoPriv Community community match authentication. NoAuthNoPriv match authentication. AuthNoPriv MD5 or SHA authentication based the HMAC-MD5 or HMAC-SHA algorithms. authPriv MD5 or SHA DES authentication based the HMAC-MD5 or HMAC-SHA algorithms. DES to authentication based the CBC- DES (DES-56) when operating from the switch CLI, C3 allow to SNMP or of MIB often associated with physical or If optional and community and these to SNMP MIB when switch Specifying when SNMP would or the groups switch to the MIB(s) the (MIB ID) SNMP known to the displayed using the snmp as snmp This the to snmp security-model Commands SNMP the C3 the SNMP process. instance, specified when optional though these created with the snmp command. To SNMP statistics. SNMP Statistics SecureStack C3
snmp snmp SNMP information about... to snmp snmp counters this to the SNMP ID. This the SNMP snmp Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP snmp EngineId: of the command snmp What It Displays... the SNMP the of the SNMP or reinitialized. seconds length, bytes, of SNMP
snmp counters this to SNMP counter snmp counters Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP counter snmp counters SNMP counters: snmpInBadVersions snmpInBadCommunityNames snmpInBadCommunityUses snmpInASNParseErrs snmpInNoSuchNames snmpInReadOnlys snmpInGetNexts snmpOutTooBigs snmpOutNoSuchNames snmpOutGetNexts snmpProxyDrops USM counters: usmStatsUnsupportedSecLevels usmStatsNotInTimeWindows usmStatsUnknownUserNames snmp counters C3
snmp counters SNMP usmStatsUnknownEngineIDs usmStatsDecryptionErrors Table of the Table snmp counters What It Displays... of to the SNMP from the service. of SNMP from the SNMP to the service. snmpInBadVersions of SNMP to the SNMP SNMP snmpInBadCommunityNames of SNMP to the SNMP that SNMP community known to the entity. snmpInBadCommunityUses of SNMP to the SNMP that SNMP operation allowed the SNMP community the snmpInASNParseErrs of ASN.1 Notation) or BER Encoding the SNMP when SNMP of SNMP to the SNMP with the of the field as snmpInNoSuchNames of SNMP to the SNMP with the of the field as of SNMP to the SNMP with the of the field as snmpInReadOnlys of SNMP to the SNMP with the of the field as "readOnly." of SNMP to the SNMP with the of the field as of MIB the SNMP as the of SNMP and snmpInTotalSetVars of MIB the SNMP as the of SNMP of SNMP and the SNMP entity. snmpInGetNexts of SNMP and the SNMP entity. of SNMP and the SNMP entity. of SNMP and the SNMP entity. snmpInTraps of SNMP Trap and the SNMP entity. snmpOutTooBigs of SNMP the SNMP with the of the field as snmpOutNoSuchNames of SNMP the SNMP with the of the as
Table snmp counters (Continued) What It Displays... of SNMP the SNMP with the of the field as of SNMP the SNMP with the of the as of SNMP the SNMP entity. snmpOutGetNexts of SNMP the SNMP entity. of SNMP the SNMP entity. of SNMP the SNMP entity. of SNMP Trap the SNMP entity. snmpSilentDrops of SNMP or Inform that the than the snmpProxyDrops of SNMP or Inform that the than the usmStatsUnsupportedSec of the SNMP that they security that unknown to the SNMP or otherwise usmStatsNotInTimeWindows of the SNMP that because they appeared of the authoritative SNMP usmStatsUnknownUserNames of the SNMP that because they referenced that known to the SNMP usmStatsUnknownEngineIDs of the SNMP that they referenced snmpEngineID that known to the SNMP of the SNMP that they the expected usmStatsDecriptionErrors of the SNMP that they decrypted. snmp counters C3
SNMP Users, and SNMP Users, and Commands snmp SNMP To and SNMP users, and and These as follows: to SNMP of who the SNMP Community to authenticate and users. information about... to snmp snmp clear snmp snmp snmp clear snmp snmp snmp community clear snmp community this to information about SNMP users. These people to SNMP snmp user read- (Optional) of SNMP (Optional) information about (Optional) information about SNMP (Optional) user information specified type. readonly If specified, SNMP information displayed.
Table snmp user snmp user If user specified, information about SNMP displayed. If specified, user information about the SNMP displayed. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP user snmp SNMP information of users: This shows to information the SNMP snmp user SNMP information EngineId: Auth usmNoAuthProtocol type active of the What It Displays... SNMP or community or Auth of authentication to this of to this type Whether or read-only memory. of this active notInService, or notReady this to snmp authentication authpassword C3 snmp
snmp SNMP user the (Optional) the user SNMP (Optional) the type this AES to the Advanced Encryption using (Optional) of characters. specified. authentication (Optional) the authentication type this as MD5 or SHA. authpassword (Optional) this when authentication required. of characters. (Optional) type this If specified, the the SNMP If specified, applied. If authentication specified, authentication applied. If type specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. Although the the user optional, of the optional recommended that them the shown the This shows to SNMP this user the SNMP without authentication and related to this memory: snmp This SNMP user with DES and MD5 authentication required. The and the authentication this user the SNMP and related to this memory. snmp authentication
clear snmp snmp this to from the securitymodel clear snmp user user to (Optional) the from SNMP If specified, the from the SNMP Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the SNMP snmp this to SNMP SNMP of users who the snmp groupname groupname user security-model read-only (Optional) information SNMP group. groupname (Optional) information about users within the specified group. securitymodel (Optional) information about assigned to security SNMP read (Optional) SNMP information specified type. If groupname specified, information about SNMP displayed. If specified, information about SNMP displayed. If securitymodel specified, information about SNMP displayed. If specified, information displayed. C3 clear snmp
snmp snmp snmp SNMP Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP information: snmp SNMP information Security Security/user type active Security Security/user public.router1 type active of the What It Displays... Security SNMP associated with this group. Security/user to the SNMP group. of SNMP group. type Whether or read-only memory. of this entry: active notInService, or notReady this command to SNMP group. This users to that snmp security-model groupname SNMP to user to assign to the group. securitymodel SNMP security to assign to the group. (Optional) type SNMP associated with the group. If type specified, applied.
clear snmp snmp community Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP assign user and assign security to the group: snmp security-model this to clear SNMP or SNMP and clear snmp security-model the SNMP to cleared. user the SNMP user to cleared. securitymodel (Optional) Clears the associated with security If specified, related to security cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear assigned to the within the SNMP snmp this to SNMP community and and community as to snmp (Optional) SNMP information community If specified, information displayed SNMP C3 clear snmp
snmp community snmp community SNMP Switch command, readonly. This shows to information about the SNMP community of this to snmp community snmp community Security type active this to SNMP community group. snmp community community securityname securityname community community securityname (Optional) SNMP security to with this securityname community. (Optional) of information this community allowed to access. or To the the snmp as snmp (Optional) the of from which SNMP with this community accepted. to (Optional) the type these If securityname specified, the community used. If specified, the (NULL) applied. If specified, applied. If type specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite.
clear snmp community SNMP Access Rights community with the the (NULL) applied. If to back to the (NULL as the of the as shown the below. This shows to SNMP community snmp community The shows to the SNMP community to the NULL snmp community this to SNMP community clear snmp community the SNMP community to clear. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the community snmp community To and SNMP rights, assigning and security to SNMP user clear snmp community C3
snmp Commands snmp SNMP information about... to snmp snmp clear snmp this to rights and security SNMP or snmp groupname [security-model [noauthentication authentication read-only (Optional) information group. securitymodel (Optional) information SNMP security or noauthentication authentication (Optional) information security (Optional) information of to specify SNMP to SNMP Contexts to Access read only (Optional) type. If groupname specified, information SNMP displayed. If securitymode specified, information SNMP displayed. If noauthentication authentication or specified, information security displayed. If specified, displayed. If or readonly specified, of displayed. Switch command, readonly.
This shows to SNMP information: snmp Security USM Security noAuthNoPriv match match type active NightOperator Security USM Security noAuthNoPriv match match type active of the snmp What It Displays... SNMP Security Security to this group. and based USM Security Security to this group. Read of the that allows this to SNMP MIB of the that allows this to the of the SNMP of the that allows this to SNMP match Whether or SNMP match match) or match with type Whether this or read-only memory. of this active notInService, or notReady noAuthNoPrivacy authentication required) AuthNoPrivacy authentication required) authPriv SecureStack C3 snmp
snmp snmp SNMP this to SNMP snmp groupname security-model noauthentication authentication write write groupname group. securitymodel SNMP or noauthentication authentication (Optional) SNMP security as authentication, authentication (without or that of the user protected from (Optional) the this and that the match the whole or match only. of information this SNMP allowed to access. or To the the snmp as snmp (Optional) write write (Optional) write (Optional) read (Optional) associated SNMP as temporary or or readonly. If security specified, authentication applied. If specified, the If specified without match, match applied. If specified applied. If write specified, applied. If specified, applied. If type specified, as and through Switch command, readwrite. This the to snmp security-model
clear snmp SNMP MIB Commands this command to clear the SNMP of group, including its SNMP securitymodel, and of security. clear snmp security-model noauthentication authentication groupname the of the SNMP which to clear access. securitymodel the security to cleared the SNMP group. noauthentication authentication (Optional) Clears security the SNMP group. (Optional) Clears the SNMP group. to clear the If security specified, cleared. If specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear SNMP the misgroup the authentication snmp security-model authentication To and SNMP MIB SNMP SNMP to rights. information about... to snmp snmp snmp clear snmp C3 clear snmp
snmp snmp SNMP this to the MIB (VACM). snmp oid-or-mibobject read-only (Optional) information MIB oidormibobject (Optional) information MIB when specified. (Optional) type. readonly If specified, SNMP MIB information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP MIB information: snmp SNMP MIB information OID included type active OID included type active Network OID included type active Table of the command the snmp to assign to snmp
snmp snmp snmp What It Displays... assigned to MIB OID MIB to MIB Whether or included or this type Whether or memory of this entry: active notInService, or notReady this to the snmp Switch command, readonly. SNMP of information that SNMP or entity. The allows SNMP to information (MIBs). created the snmp snmp other to to of information. This shows to of SNMP known to the snmp this to MIB (VACM). snmp included C3 snmp
clear snmp clear snmp SNMP MIB MIB (Optional) included (Optional) or (Optional) the of temporary or If specified, to If specified, included If type specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP MIB to with of included: snmp included this to MIB clear snmp the MIB to the of the MIB to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP MIB snmp
SNMP Commands snmp To and SNMP This where and what SNMP bound to IP allowed to SNMP with the snmp snmp information about... to snmp snmp clear snmp this command to SNMP to to snmp read-only (Optional) (Optional) readonly type. If specified, associated with displayed. If specified, of displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP information: snmp SNMP information Security Security noAuthNoPriv type active SNMP C3
snmp Table snmp snmp SNMP Security Security noAuthNoPriv type active Security USM Security authNoPriv type active of the What It Displays... the the SNMP bytes. Security Security SNMP Security of security auth to authentication noauth security to authentication or type Whether or read-only memory. of this entry: active notInService, or notReady this to SNMP of security/authorization to to snmp security-model noauthentication authentication to SNMP to or community or bytes. securitymodel the SNMP security to this as or the SNMP to this as or
clear snmp noauthentication authentication (Optional) the SNMP security to this as authentication, authentication (without or that of the protected from (Optional) the type to this If specified, security to noauthentication. If specified, type to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP user security and processing, and authentication: snmp security-model authentication this to clear the SNMP clear snmp the of the the SNMP to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear SNMP snmp clear snmp C3
SNMP SNMP Commands SNMP To and SNMP which SNMP to optional SNMP or (such as timeout, count, and UDP with the snmp information about... to snmp snmp clear snmp this to SNMP information. snmp read-only (Optional) information (Optional) specified, displays readonly information type. If specified, displayed. If specified, of Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP information: snmp IP UDP Timeout Retry count type
snmp active Table of the command Table snmp What It Displays... the location to the as to notifications. IP IP UDP of the UDP of the to IP Timeout the Retry count Retry the Entry the snmpTargetParamsTable. type Whether or read-only memory. of this active notInService, or notReady this to SNMP The and IP that SNMP and which community accepted. This to optional SNMP (such as timeout, count, and UDP snmp timeout timeout to the bytes. the IP of the the SNMP which when to the bytes. (Optional) which UDP of the to (Optional) the IP of the timeout timeout (Optional) the round allowed to to this This seconds and the seconds.) (Optional) the of allowed received. snmp C3
clear snmp clear snmp SNMP (Optional) of SNMP This location to the as to notifications. and (Optional) temporary or SNMP If specified, to If specified, to If specified, timeout to If specified, of to If specified, If specified, type Switch command, readwrite. This shows to This to the workstation (which It security and authorization information SNMP to Creating SNMP Trap snmp this to SNMP entry. clear snmp the to Switch command, readwrite.
SNMP About SNMP Commands This shows to clear SNMP snmp Profiles indicating which should SNMP the If this empty, that associated with SNMP then Traps or informs to the SNMP that those found the the the SNMP that to the outgoing It then apply the when To SNMP and optional Notifications which the of SNMP and or SNMP informs to Optional which should notifications. SNMP showing SNMP associated with security and authorization and to to Creating SNMP Trap information about... to snmp snmp clear snmp snmp snmp clear snmp snmp notifyprofile snmp notifyprofile clear snmp SNMP C3
SNMP this command to the and of the SNMP MAC function. (Optional) the of the MAC function If specified, the of the MAC Switch command, readonly. this function and This displays the New Trap Ethernet through C3(ro)->show New State this to or SNMP or or when MAC detected.
snmp (Optional) or the MAC function or the MAC function. If without the or the function with the or the function If specified, the function Switch readwrite. This and SNMP when MAC If the CDP however, MAC The and This the function and then Ethernet through this command to the SNMP which the that SNMP notifications. snmp read-only (Optional) read (Optional) type. If specified, displayed. If or readonly specified, type displayed. Switch command, readonly. C3 snmp
snmp snmp SNMP This shows to the SNMP information: snmp SNMP notifyTable information type active type active Table of the snmp What It Displays... to the SNMP of the the SNMP of or or type Whether or read-only memory. of this active notInService or notReady this command to the SNMP This the SNMP which to who should This commands to each to using the snmp snmp snmp inform SNMP SNMP This the to the SNMP inform (Optional) or Trap or SNMP (Optional) temporary or SNMP If specified, type to
clear snmp snmp If specified, type to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP with of and of Notifications as and type to snmp this to clear SNMP clear snmp SNMP to clear. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the SNMP snmp this to SNMP information, which SNMP notifications. snmp oid-or-mibobject read-only SecureStack C3 clear snmp
snmp snmp SNMP (Optional) oidor (Optional) within read (Optional) of type. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. About SNMP information about This shows to SNMP information. this the SNMP snmp SNMP information Profile type included type active this command to SNMP This which should NOT which the amount of SNMP snmp oid-or-mibobject included SNMP oidor MIB ID the (Optional)
clear snmp included (Optional) that included or excluded. (Optional) type. If specified, If specified, included If type specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. About SNMP information about This shows to SNMP with MIB ID of snmp this to SNMP clear snmp oid-or-mibobject SNMP to oidor MIB ID containing the to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the SNMP snmp clear snmp C3
snmp snmp notifyprofile snmp notifyprofile SNMP this to SNMP information. This associates to SNMP to who should SNMP notifications. snmp notifyprofile read-only (Optional) (Optional) read (Optional) of type. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP information the snmp SNMP notifyProfile information Profile type active this to SNMP This created with the snmp snmp to of SNMP to which should SNMP notifications. snmp notifyprofile
clear snmp notifyprofile Creating SNMP Trap SNMP associated the SNMP (Optional) type. If type specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP and entry. snmp notifyprofile this command to SNMP clear snmp SNMP to associated the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP snmp notifyprofile or to station, or to the of such as when or or when there authentication and when supply clear snmp notifyprofile C3
Creating SNMP Trap SNMP The following shows to CLI commands to SNMP with security and authorization and the to This to Creating or or Inform would the commands with where that or users or informs with enough to MIBs. Complete C3 as follows: community that as SNMP SNMP to security and authorization to the users the community created SNMP or You this to SNMP to the created to IP to: The and created and The created shows the commands to C3 Table SNMP Trap To this... these commands... community snmp community SNMP entry. snmp SNMP entry. snmp snmp This shows SNMP community This with the community to the workstation (which It security and authorization snmp community snmp security-model message-processing snmp entry1 snmp snmp
How SNMP This the SNMP Interface Commands snmp interface to MIB the SNMP the of to the and crossing the To these the SNMP as follows: the the the that SNMP the created with the snmp which, this entry1 Searches the such the the shows that the that the specified fact, this built the snmp command. This that this leads to the and the to the that the of to through the fact, there. The and this with the snmp command, which exactly which SNMP to and what community to this the community that the community this using the snmp community command. the To the IP the SNMP when SNMP information about... to snmp interface snmp interface clear snmp interface this command to the interface the IP of the SNMP when SNMP snmp interface the SNMP Interface C3
snmp interface snmp interface SNMP Switch readonly. This displays the of this command. this the IP assigned to interface as the IP of the SNMP C3(rw)->show snmp interface loopback this to the interface the IP of the SNMP when SNMP snmp interface loopback loopback the loopback interface to used. The of from to the VLAN interface to used. The of from to Switch command, readwrite. This command allows to the IP the SNMP when SNMP of the interfaces, including VLAN routing interfaces, as the IP the SNMP interface IP assigned to this command. If interface specified, then the IP of the used. If interface with this command, restricted to that interface the reached from that interface. the the first from the the interface. If interface and there to the the outgoing interface based the from the then the interface. If required, therefore, interface should
clear snmp interface This IP VLAN interface and then that interface as the SNMP IP C3(rw)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(rw)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(rw)->router(Config)#exit C3(rw)->router#exit C3(rw)->router>exit snmp interface C3(rw)->show snmp interface this to clear the interface the IP of the SNMP back to the of the interface. clear snmp interface Switch command, readwrite. This the interface the IP of the SNMP back to the of the interface. C3(rw)->show snmp interface snmp interface clear snmp interface C3
clear snmp interface SNMP
Tree and Tree RSTP This chapter the Tree of commands and to them. information about... to Tree Summary Configuring Tree Bridge Tree Tree Protect Tree should who knowledgeable about and the of the Tree the of the containing of Tree located the The IEEE 802.1D Tree (STP) the of physical establishing from and become or the which they brought service. The IEEE (RSTP), of 802.1D, than STP properly RSTP reduces the to the active topology when physical topology or It selects switch as the of Treeconnected active and assigns to the switch, whether that of the active topology. RSTP connectivity following the of switch, switch or LAN. and the the other of the to forwarding through them. to to forwarding RSTP. Tree C3
Tree Summary MSTP Tree Protect Tree The IEEE Tree (MSTP) builds 802.1D and RSTP of switches of switches STP, forwarding while the others flowing the switches. The effectively the forwarding MSTP assigns each VLAN the to Tree instance, allowing each switch to each such instance: Tree while forwarding another. associated with of interswitch while associated with another of that If assigned to wisely, interswitch completely creating Tree instances, to Tree instances to to MSTP and RSTP and interoperable with each other and with STP 802.1D. The C3 the of the Tree the following Creating Tree from of switching or Compensating the or of active path. Achieving which establishes active with amount of to accomplish the of the Tree the active topology that to stations and the topology and through the of Tree The as to the switch or this The Protect or formation with to type (RSTP/MSTP) interswitch (ISLs) their allowed to become forwarding. BPDU timeout its becomes BPDU received. Both and facing protected. or its to the to the of It BPDU received. to the ISL constantly and BPDU received, and to
Tree Bridge to This protects and the The Disputed BPDU protects where there BPDU which the and learning and the than that already the If BPDU received, the forced to the BPDU with the learning received its to to formation. that the active of the of Protection. Protect operates as MST instance It should interswitch It of related of forwarding based reception of of forwarding based reception of Communicating nonforwarding through and based of forwarding the gated that BPDU reception. It to the rcvdInfoWhile the when information the There Protect If the connected to known to Protect, functional the operates functional to Protect switch that the implemented. This the to its of the of the connected which implications. the connected to to forwarding. Second, there when timeout Protect occurred. functional when type BPDU and the and pointto the to helloTime. functional there the that the field If the boundary the that follow the CIST, that the MSTI to the CIST If the internal to the then the MSTI the MSTI age and the of the Protect both Protect each such to these as and It to force the locking of the of or the of within of the forced and there manually To and Tree including and topology Tree Bridge C3
Tree Bridge Commands Tree information about... to clear bridgeprioritymode bridgeprioritymode clear bridgeprioritymode clear clear clear clear clear clear clear clear clear
information about... to clear spanguardtimeout spanguardtimeout clear spanguardtimeout spanguardlock clear/set spanguardlock clear legacypathcost legacypathcost clear legacypathcost clear this to Tree information or active (Optional) information the specified of to Used the CLI (Optional) information Tree If specified, SID assumed. active (Optional) information that STP If specified, Tree information displayed. If specified, information Tree If active specified information displayed of whether or they C3
Tree Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Tree tree tree instance Priority Bridge ID MAC Bridge ID Priority Bridge Bridge Bridge Count Since Top shows of Table What It Displays... tree instance Tree ID. tree Whether Tree or MAC of the Tree through which the reached. Priority Priority of the to reach the Amount of seconds) BPDU should seconds) which the BPDU (Bridge Unit) Amount of seconds) the or learning Bridge ID MAC MAC the Bridge ID Priority Bridge priority, which or assigned the command. to Bridge seconds) the without to This or assigned the command. to
(Continued) What It Displays... Bridge Amount of seconds) the This or assigned the command. to Bridge Amount of seconds) the or learning This or assigned the command. to Count of topology the Since Top Amount of hours, and seconds) the topology of information Tree instance relay of within the MST this to or the Tree the switch. or Tree. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to Tree the this to the of the Tree the C3
Tree Switch command, readonly. This shows to Tree information the Force this command to the of the Tree to MSTP Tree RSTP Tree or to STP the to STP the to STP the to 802.1wcompatible. Switch command, readwrite. Tree should from its of Tree MSTP and with STP 802.1D and Tree (RSTP) the to the to 802.1D and nonedge from transitioning to forwarding This shows to the Tree from the of MSTP to RSTP:
clear this to the Tree to MSTP clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Tree this to the Tree BPDU forwarding Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Tree BPDU forwarding BPDU forwarding clear C3
bridgeprioritymode Tree this command to or Tree BPDU forwarding. BPDU forwarding or BPDU forwarding;. BPDU forwarding Switch command, readwrite. The Tree this to This shows to BPDU forwarding: this command to the Tree bridgeprioritymode Switch command, readonly. This to the Tree C3(rw)->show bridgeprioritymode Bridge Priority to IEEE802.1t
bridgeprioritymode clear bridgeprioritymode this to the Tree to 802.1D or bridgeprioritymode the to 802.1D which the to which to of rounded or the to which the This the Switch command, readwrite. The affects the of to which selected as the Tree as The the switch to This shows to the to 802.1D: bridgeprioritymode this to the Tree to the of clear bridgeprioritymode Switch command, readwrite. bridgeprioritymode SecureStack C3
Tree This shows to the to bridgeprioritymode this command to of Tree (MST) instances the Switch command, readonly. This shows to of MST instances. this SID configured: Tree instances: this to or Tree instance. the Tree ID. C3 to MST instances. Creates or MST instance. Switch command, readwrite.
clear This shows to MST instance this command to or Tree instances. clear (Optional) Tree ID. If specified, MST instances cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to MST instances: clear this command to the of ID (FID) to to this shows to which SID VLAN mapped. (Optional) information If specified, information assigned displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to SID to FID information FID this C3 clear
clear Tree FID: SID: this to or IDs to SID. Since to this or VLAN IDs to Tree (SID). Since MST that associated with from the GVRP that MST statically-created or to assign to the MST. and to VLAN ID created the (Optional) Tree ID. and to SID created using the command. If specified, FID(s) to Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to FID to SID this to FID back to SID clear or to to If specified, SID to FID Switch command, readwrite.
This shows to FID back to SID this to the Tree ID(s) assigned to or (Optional) assigned to If specified, SID assignment Switch command, readonly. This shows to the to VLAN this and to VLAN this information to the SID instance created the as and the to SID the as The following SIDS assigned to VLAN this to the MST including selector, and Switch command, readonly. SecureStack C3
clear Tree This shows to the MST this the of and the the MAC information the to these to MST Format Selector: Revision this to the MST and/or MST MST Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the MST to mstconfig: this to the MST to of and the to the MAC clear
clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the MST to this to the Tree priority. the of the from to of with indicating highest and lowest priority. (Optional) the Tree. If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree Switch command, readwrite. The with the highest (lowest becomes the Tree If the priority, the with the lowest MAC then become the the with the bridgeprioritymode bridgeprioritymode rounded or This shows to the to SID this to the Tree to the of clear C3
clear Tree (Optional) the Tree. If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the SID this to the Tree This the seconds) the indicating active. the of seconds the broadcasting indicating that the active). Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Tree to seconds: this to the Tree to the of seconds. clear
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Tree this command to the the of seconds that the the information from other through STP. Switch command, readwrite. The the seconds) without to should that STP information the becomes the the attached LAN. If selected from the attached to the This shows to the to seconds: C3
clear clear Tree this command to the Tree to the of seconds. clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the this to the Tree the of seconds the Switch command, readwrite. The the seconds) the to learning to forwarding). This information about topology to each to conflicting information that would to otherwise, temporary might This shows to the to seconds:
clear this to the Tree to the of seconds. clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the this to the MST instance. (Optional) Tree If specified, SID assumed. If SID specified, then shown Tree instance Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the function SID C3(rw)->show to clear C3
clear Tree this to or the Tree function the switch. the Tree instance which to or the or the function. Switch command, readwrite. The Tree function the C3. this and the switch directly connected to the Tree information from the If the the its that selected as the the This shows to the function SID backuproot this command to the Tree function to the of clear the Tree which to clear the Switch command, readwrite.
This shows to the function to SID C3(rw)->clear this to the of topology Tree Switch command, readonly. This to the of topology C3(rw)->show Trap to this to or Tree or Switch command, readwrite. C3
clear clear Tree RSTP nonedge that to forwarding or the switch to topology which the (such as from topology This there to STP states, such as when including and topology This shows to allow Tree to topology this to clear the of Tree to the of topology clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear topology this to the or Tree operating RSTP this forces to MSTP the of to Used the CLI
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the this to the of the Tree function. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the function this to or the Tree function. or the function. SecureStack C3
clear clear Tree Switch command, readwrite. to or when BPDU received. The to or only intervention. as the command, as expected to connected to workstation or other type of and to another switch the BPDU the Tree of that to and traffic. The the amount of spanguardtimeout spanguardtimeout the BPDU, the manually or clear spanguardlock clear spanguardlock the of the or the function and the and This shows to the function: this to the of the Tree function to clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of the function to
spanguardtimeout spanguardtimeout this to the Tree timeout Switch command, readonly. This shows to the timeout timeout: this command to the amount of seconds) the function. timeout timeout timeout seconds. to of the manually The seconds. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the timeout to seconds: spanguardtimeout C3
clear spanguardtimeout clear spanguardtimeout spanguardlock Tree this to the Tree timeout to the of seconds. clear spanguardtimeout Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the timeout to seconds: C3(rw)->clear spanguardtimeout this to the of or spanguardlock (Optional) the which to of to Used the CLI If specified, the displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the spanguardlock Unlocked
clear spanguardlock of these commands to or the Tree function. that when those as (as clear spanguardlock spanguardlock to of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to spanguardlock this command to the of the Tree function. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the function: C3(ro)->show SNMP clear spanguardlock C3
clear Tree this to or the of SNMP when or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the function: this to the Tree function back to the of clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the function to
legacypathcost legacypathcost this command to the Tree legacypathcost Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Tree legacypathcost Path this command to or (802.1D) to to Switch command, readwrite. the to affects the of that the command. This shows to the to 802.1D. legacypathcost legacypathcost C3
clear legacypathcost clear legacypathcost Tree this to the Tree to clear legacypathcost Switch command, readwrite. This clears the to C3(rw)->clear legacypathcost this to the of Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the function: C3(rw)->show currently this to or the function.
clear or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to this to to the of clear Switch command, ReadWrite. This shows to to C3(rw)->clear clear C3
Tree Tree Commands Tree To and Tree information about... to clear clear clear clear this to or the Tree or the which to or Tree. of to Used the CLI or Tree. Switch command, readwrite.
clear This shows to Tree this to the Tree to or clear the of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Tree to this to the of the Tree algorithm or (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed Switch command, readonly. clear C3
Tree This shows to C3(ro)->show to this to the Tree or of the ID, which (Optional) the which to Tree priority. of to Used the CLI (Optional) Tree If specified, SID assumed. If specified, displayed Tree If specified, Tree Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Priority of SID this to Tree priority.
clear the which to Tree priority. of to Used the CLI that the of Tree from to of with indicating high priority. (Optional) Tree If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of to SID this command to the of Tree to of clear the which to Tree priority. of to Used the CLI (Optional) the Tree If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of to SID clear C3
Tree this command to the or (Optional) the of to Used the CLI (Optional) the Tree If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree displayed. If specified, Tree displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the SID Path of SID this to the and or the which to of to Used the CLI the (Optional) the Tree If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree Switch command, readwrite.
clear This shows to the to SID this to the Tree to clear the which to of to Used the CLI (Optional) the Tree(s). If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to SID this to the (Optional) of to Used the CLI If displayed Tree clear SecureStack C3
clear Tree Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Edge of Edge-Port this to the Tree the of to Used the CLI or the specified as Tree Switch command, readwrite. The of the with the to initially the If Tree BDPU received the within seconds, the to This shows to as this command to Tree to nonedge clear
which to of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to as nonedge this to the Tree operating operating If specified, operating displayed Tree Switch command, readonly. This shows to the C3(rw)->show Edge of Edge-Port C3
Tree Protect Tree Protect Commands Tree To and Tree Protect including the of Protect threshold, and BPDU threshold, as as and Protect information about the Protect information about... to clear lplock clear lplock clear lpthreshold lpthreshold clear lpthreshold clear clear disputedbpduthreshold disputedbpduthreshold clear disputedbpduthreshold nonforwardingreason
this command to or the Protect and optionally, SID. The Protect Protect information. which to or the Protect or the the specified (Optional) or the Tree(s). If specified, SID assumed. If SID specified, SID assumed. Switch command, readwrite. Protect STP Normally would to immediately to forwarding. If Protect that should to and there. The Protect MSTI should match those the CIST This shows to Protect this to the Protect and/or SID. (Optional) which to the Protect (Optional) the Tree(s) which to the Protect If specified, SID assumed. C3
clear clear lplock Tree If specified, If SID specified, SID assumed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to Protect LoopProtect SI this to the Protect and optionally, SID, to its of clear which to clear the Protect (Optional) the Tree(s) which to clear the Protect If specified, SID assumed. If SID specified, SID assumed. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Protect to this command to the Protect and/or SID. become of Protect the of the lpthreshold and commands. Once forced (locked), manually with the clear lplock command. lplock
clear lplock (Optional) which to the Protect (Optional) the Tree(s) which to the Protect If specified, SID assumed. If specified, If SID specified, SID assumed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to Protect lplock The LoopProtect SID UNLOCKED this to manually and optionally, SID. The clear lplock which to clear the Protect lock. (Optional) the Tree(s) which to clear the Protect lock. If specified, SID assumed. If SID specified, SID assumed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to clear Protect from C3(rw)->show lplock The LoopProtect SID LOCKED C3(rw)->clear lplock C3(rw)->show lplock The LoopProtect SID UNLOCKED clear C3
Tree this to specify whether the Protect Protect information. which to Protect whether the or Switch command, readwrite. The Protect If the with Protect then the functionality of the Protect used. If the then there as to whether Active timeout to protection or to the fact that the Therefore, approach that allowed to from with This type of timeout protection protection the from forwarding this factored locking the This shows to the Protect to this command to the Protect of or (Optional) which to Protect its
clear lpthreshold If specified, Protect displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Protect C3(rw)->show of LoopProtect-capable this to the Protect of to the of clear which to clear their Protect to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Protect C3(rw)->clear this to the Protect threshold. lpthreshold the of that the to The threshold of that locked. clear C3
lpthreshold lpthreshold clear lpthreshold Tree The threshold Switch command, readwrite. The LoopProtect threshold that protection the of The If the counter reaches the threshold within (the then the the SID, becomes (that the If the threshold the locked. This shows to the Protect threshold to lpthreshold this to the of the Protect threshold. lpthreshold Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Protect threshold C3(rw)->show lpthreshold The Protect threshold this to the Protect threshold to its of clear lpthreshold
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Protect threshold to the of lpthreshold this to the Protect seconds. the of seconds that the which Protect counted. The seconds. Switch command, readwrite. The Protect seconds, that which Protect counted. The seconds. If the to the counter the Protect threshold reached. If the threshold reached, that protection This shows to the Protect to seconds: this to the Protect C3
clear clear Tree Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Protect C3(rw)->show The Protect to seconds this command to the Protect to the of seconds. clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Protect to the of seconds: C3(rw)->clear this command to or Protect or the of Protect
clear Switch command, readwrite. Protect when Protect that when to to The SID and protection This shows to of Protect this to the of Protect Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Protect C3(rw)->show The Protect this command to the Protect to its of clear C3
disputedbpduthreshold disputedbpduthreshold Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Protect to the of this to the BPDU threshold, which the of that BPDU disputedbpduthreshold the of that to BPDU to threshold of that should The Switch command, readwrite. BPDU which the and learning, and the than that already the If BPDU received the forced to the to the 802.1Q2005 IEEE and Bridged Networks, of the which of oneway The BPDU threshold that the of that BPDU and issued. the threshold then issued when and received. If the The SID and Disputed BPDU count. The
disputedbpduthreshold clear disputedbpduthreshold This shows to the BPDU threshold to disputedbpduthreshold this to the of the BPDU threshold. disputedbpduthreshold Switch command, readonly. This shows to the BPDU threshold: C3(rw)->show disputedbpduthreshold The BPDU threshold this command to the BPDU threshold to its of that BPDU should clear disputedbpduthreshold Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the BPDU threshold to the of disputedbpduthreshold disputedbpduthreshold C3
nonforwardingreason nonforwardingreason Tree this command to the reason nonforwarding to nonforwardingreason which to the nonforwarding reason. (Optional) the Tree(s) which to the nonforwarding reason. If specified, SID assumed. If specified, nonforwarding reason displayed If SID specified, SID assumed. Switch command, readonly. causing to or include Protect of and loopback This shows to the nonforwarding reason C3(rw)->show nonforwardingreason The non-forwarding reason SID
VLAN Summary Used the CLI This chapter the C3 to 802.1Q information about... to VLAN Summary Creating and Static Assigning VLAN IDs and the VLAN the VLAN GVRP (GARP VLAN containing of VLAN located the allow the to and the flow of that through the Once the and, the creating the traffic, assigned to VLAN, then and within the VLAN and allowed or to of the Also, or of the the as GVRP which with VLAN ID and to of This the associated with VLAN and isolated from the other of the The to 802.1Q The allowable VLAN IDs to the assigned to VLAN ID information to and the CLI to Used the CLI 802.1Q VLAN SecureStack C3
VLAN Summary Creating VLAN 802.1Q VLAN there VLAN the C3 It VLAN ID the DEFAULT VLAN. The community which SNMP to with readwrite access. If the C3 to to VLAN. This allows connected to the VLAN to the It assigned to other To VLAN, to VLAN. the PVID the switch to the VLAN created the switch to the the VLAN created Assign to the VLAN. community and The commands to VLAN This the to and The repeated every that connected the to that each VLAN. Command Creating VLAN To this... these commands... VLAN and the PVID to the VLAN. the to the the from the clear clear Assign to the VLAN. community and snmp community snmp community and (Optional) (Optional) snmp community snmp community
Command To of currently the to or created, the and to to and those the with VLAN included. information about... to this to information related to or (Optional) information related to Static manually created the SNMP MIBs, or the The VLAN, VLAN statically and cant that specified VLAN as their VLAN (PVID) displayed. (Optional) information VLAN or of (Optional) VLAN attributes related to or (Optional) information or (Optional) information or If options specified, information related to and displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information VLAN this VLAN DEFAULT VLAN. allowed to to VLAN as that include VLAN their transmitted as There from transmitted VLAN VLAN: NAME: DEFAULT VLAN C3
802.1Q VLAN VLAN Table of the Table What It Displays... VLAN VLAN ID. NAME assigned to the VLAN. Whether or VLAN Whether or to this VLAN. from this VLAN. to this VLAN.
Creating and Static Commands To VLAN, or to or existing information about... to clear clear this to IEEE 802.1Q VLAN, or to or existing VLAN. Creates, or or VLAN IDs to created, or Switch command, readwrite. Once VLAN created, the command Each VLAN ID If VLAN ID the that the to the existing VLAN. the VLAN ID using and The VLAN IDs of and and higher This shows to VLAN Creating and Static C3
clear 802.1Q VLAN this command to or the ASCII or existing VLAN. the VLAN ID of the to the as the of the VLAN to characters). Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the VLAN to this to VLAN from the of the clear the VLAN ID of the to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to VLAN from the VLAN
clear this to the of VLAN from the VLAN clear the VLAN ID of the which the cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the VLAN C3 clear
VLAN and VLAN IDs and Commands 802.1Q VLAN To VLAN IDs to or to VLAN and and to the information about... to clear this to VLAN (PVID) information. PVID the VLAN to which or classified. (Optional) PVID information of to Used the CLI If specified, VLAN information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to assigned to through this these classified to VLAN to to to to
clear to to this command to the PVID VLAN or the which to VLAN of to Used the CLI the VLAN ID of the VLAN to which (Optional) to and them from other (Optional) or Switch command, readwrite. The PVID to classify as they This shows to to the VLAN of VLAN (PVID this to 802.1Q VLAN ID (PVID) to the VLAN ID The following the specified to To the specified back to the of the as clear SecureStack C3
802.1Q VLAN the to to the VLAN ID of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to through to VLAN ID of VLAN): this to that which incoming VLAN ID to VLAN If the VLAN ID specified the the VLAN then that and (Optional) the which to of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the through this the State
this to with VLAN ID that match the VLAN the which to of of to Used the CLI or Switch command, readwrite. the VLAN of incoming to the If the VLAN ID match VLAN ID the then the to the IEEE 802.1Q This shows to this to the or to based whether or the VLAN They to both and or neither. (Optional) the of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed C3
802.1Q VLAN Switch command, readonly. This shows to the this the to this to the or both the which to of to Used the CLI both incoming (received) the incoming Both and Switch command, readwrite. The options to incoming incoming neither allow traffic), or both traffic). to Typically the users what VLAN they This shows to
the VLAN To assign or the of VLAN. This which the switch to VLAN. allowed to to VLAN and to with VLAN to VLAN that the and would both VLAN and The type to or VLAN they or through such as GVRP. to from the specified VLAN and that through GVRP or the to the VLAN to allows to without header. This to connected to VLAN switches typically The VLAN its to information about... to clear this to the VLAN membership or (Optional) VLAN membership of to Used the CLI If specified, VLAN membership displayed the VLAN C3
802.1Q VLAN Switch command, readwrite. This shows to VLAN information through this three allowed to VLAN as and VLAN as Both this to or from VLAN. This instructs the to through GVRP or the to the VLAN. the VLAN which to the to as the specified Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to VLAN
clear this command to to the VLAN the or to or from VLAN. This which VLAN. the VLAN where to the or to to the VLAN of the specified of to Used the CLI (Optional) the specified the to without IEEE 802.1Q header Instructs the to through GVRP or from the to the VLAN and that the to 802.1Q If or specified, the to the VLAN as Switch command, readwrite. This shows to through to the of VLAN This that these VLAN as This shows to through from VLAN and those This shows to allow to VLAN as this to from The following the specified to To the specified back to the of the command as C3
802.1Q VLAN clear the of the VLAN from which from the or to from the VLAN of the specified of to Used the CLI (Optional) Clears the from the and the as to or If specified, and cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to from the of VLAN This shows to Ethernet from the of VLAN this to the of or or (Optional) If specified, the displayed. Switch command, readwrite.
This shows to the C3(rw)->show VLAN VLAN VLAN VLAN VLAN VLAN this to the or the ID to or or Switch command, readwrite. If VLAN, when with that ID, the switch the to that the C3 users network who users (that every to the isolated its VLAN. You VLAN with VLAN ID of with that with VLAN ID Then, VLAN when user and the switch the to VLAN and to VLAN which allows the to traffic. This shows to VLAN C3
the VLAN the VLAN Commands 802.1Q VLAN To VLAN that allowed to access. This the The the of the to Creating VLAN information. information about... to clear this to the VLAN. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the VLAN: this to assign to VLAN.
clear the of the VLAN to as the VLAN. Switch command, readwrite. The VLAN should VLAN where users access. VLAN specifically created This allow connected to the VLAN to the and assigned to other VLAN as the VLAN, VLAN the of commands Creating and Static This shows to VLAN as the VLAN: this command to the VLAN to the of clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the VLAN to the C3 clear
GVRP (GARP VLAN GVRP (GARP VLAN About GARP VLAN (GVRP) How It Works 802.1Q VLAN The following sections the operation when its operating the Attribute (GARP) GARP VLAN (GVRP). The of GVRP to switched VLAN the information GVRP the GARP the GVRP MAC switch that this the and the VLAN IDs. GVRP then the and the to its the extracted VLAN ID (s). The information then transmitted the other GVRP of the shows of VLAN from would switch Switch as of VLAN and then this fact its and to Switch and Switch These this the of the (Switch and Switch that the with the information. Switch which connected to Switch and Switch the information to those and the of each updated with the information, accordingly. VLAN 802.1Q switch VLAN The and timeout and their from the the This that, switches or stations the information The that the of with information about that that the the VLAN
Commands of VLAN GVRP To switched The GVRP to GVRP information, the GVRP or and GVRP the information about... to clear clear GVRP (GARP VLAN C3
802.1Q VLAN this command to GVRP information. (Optional) GVRP information of to Used the CLI If specified, GVRP information and the Switch command, readonly. This shows to GVRP the and GVRP GVRP this to GARP or (Optional) GARP information of to Used the CLI If specified, GARP information displayed Switch command, readonly.
This shows to GARP information through of the terms and to the IEEE 802.1Q which with this based GARP centiseconds) Table of the the to or GVRP, to the to to Table What It Displays... of to Used the CLI Leaveall this to or GVRP the or or or GVRP the (Optional) or GVRP of to Used the CLI If specified, GVRP or C3
clear clear 802.1Q VLAN Switch command, readwrite. This shows to GVRP the This shows to GVRP the This shows to GVRP this to clear GVRP or or clear (Optional) Clears GVRP of to Used the CLI If specified, GVRP cleared Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear GVRP the this command to the of the and timers. the GARP to 802.1Q the GARP centiseconds to 802.1Q
clear the GARP to 802.1Q the which to GARP of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. The of these and should with the 802.1Q which with this This shows to the GARP to This shows to the to This shows to the to this command to GARP back to clear (Optional) the to centiseconds. (Optional) the to centiseconds. (Optional) the to centiseconds. the or which to the GARP timer(s). At least optional Switch command, readwrite. C3 clear
clear 802.1Q VLAN The shows to the GARP to centiseconds.
Summary This chapter the of commands and to them. information about... to Summary Profiles to Profiles Class of Service (CoS) containing of located the C3 profilebased of allowing IT to: or based businessspecific of services. or to services creating and assigning which user to VLAN or Class of Service (CoS). Assign or to that only activated allowed to accordingly. It recommended that Networks NMS as to CLI the C3 C3
Profiles Profiles Commands To and that to businessdriven B3, C3, and G3 profile-based CoS only. specifying CoS D2, C2 and B2 including when C2 and B2 containing B3 and C3 information about... to clear this to information. information or (Optional) information specified (Optional) information. If optional specified, summary information displayed the specified or indices. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information Profile Index Profile MacAuth1 active VID VID CoS
CoS :MACSource(1),MACDest(2),Unknown(3), :Unknown(4),Unknown(5),Unknown(6), :Unknown(7),Unknown(8),Unknown(9), :Unknown(10),Unknown(11),IPSource(12), :UDPDestPort(16),TCPSrcPort(17),TCPDestPort(18), :ICMPType(19),Unknown(20),IPTOS(21), :IPProto(22),Unknown(23),Unknown(24), :Ether(25),Unknown(26),VLANTag(27), :Unknown(28),Unknown(29),Unknown(30), Profile Profile Profile Table of the command Table What It Displays... Profile Index of the Profile User-supplied assigned to this Whether or the active or VID Whether or PVID or this If associated with this then this specified, VID The PVID assigned to PVID CoS CoS to to CoS CoS Whether or Class of Service or this If associated with this then this specified, that to which the assigned to to which the assigned. that to which the assigned the of of Profile assigned to this currently assigned to this Profile assigned to this C3
this command to entry. clear the (Optional) the This from to characters. (Optional) or PVID this If associated with this then this specified, (Optional) the PVID to PVID and as (Optional) or Class of Service this If associated with this then this specified, (Optional) CoS to assign to CoS and as to (Optional) that the to which this should to the of the as (Optional) that the to which this should as to the of the from this allowed to the (Optional) that the to which this should to the of the as (Optional) this to previously specified this the or If used, VLAN replaced. clear (Optional) this from specified this the or (Optional) Assigns to this higher of to the command of that
clear If optional specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to with PVID PVID and ClassofService CoS This VLAN this to entry. clear profile-index the of the to to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to C3 clear
Commands To review, assign, and to This to protocolbased B3, C3, and G3 profile-based CoS only. specifying CoS D2, C2 and B2 including when C2 and B2 containing B3 and C3 information about... to clear clear this command to information. ether ipsourcesocket tcpsourceport active not-in-service not-ready display-if-used the or ether Ethernet type II IP field IP IP ipsourcesocket IP of Service MAC MAC TCP
tcpsourceport TCP UDP UDP classifier. This the type to Table each type. (Optional) to Table each type and (Optional) related to active notinservice notready (Optional) related to (Optional) or (Optional) VLAN ID. based whether matching or associated with ID. (Optional) ClassofService (Not B3, C3, G3 associated with ID (Optional) information. (Optional) If selected, each and those which this displayifused (Optional) they to least If specified, summary information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information Ethernet type ether |PID |RS|ST|VLAN|CoS |U| |Ether |Ether |Ether |Ether This shows to information SecureStack C3
A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| of the What It Displays... PID Profile to this with the of to types. to Table each type. to each to which this RS Whether or the of this active (A), service or ready. ST Whether or this type (NV) or (V). VLAN VLAN ID to which this and whether or or CoS If Class of Service to which this Whether or this used. Whether or this ID. Whether or this ID. this to C3
Switch command, readonly. this to C3 The of this shows and the type of type, that to each the of the actions this The of the attributes. The from the assigned, administratively or The four from the the actions that The three action that the to that action classified that This shows to the to of the displayed: The following related to this VLAN Priority Table C SUPPORTED RULE TYPES C |MAC |MAC |IPX |IPX |IPX |IPX |IPX |IPX type field |IP |IP |IP |UDP |UDP |TCP |TCP |ICMP type |TTL |IP type of service |IP SecureStack C3
|Ether II type |LLC DSAP/SSAP/CTRL |VLAN tci this command to assign incoming to and to VLAN or ClassofService to and Authentication information about this platform. This command of to and the other to and to ether ipsourcesocket tcpsourceport when created. The following apply to creating the section below information about that this Classifies based VLAN specified of from to or (Optional) the of to match, the of from to to each type and Associates this with its with the command as (Optional) Assigns this with the specified assigned to the specified the as The following apply to creating
to which this assigned. with the as ether that the should apply to with the specified type field Ethernet II that the should apply to with the specified IP that the should apply to with the IP with optional ipsourcesocket that the should apply to with the specified IP with optional that the should apply to with the of Service IP that the should apply to with the specified MAC that the should apply to with the specified MAC that the should apply to with the specified TCP tcpsourceport that the should apply to with the specified TCP that the should apply to with the specified UDP that the should apply to with the specified UDP the the specified This the type to Table each type. (Optional) the of to match, the to each type and the action of the to to VLAN ID. the action of the to to ClassofService ID. of that CoS forwarding (Not B3, C3, and G3.) that within this or Switch command, readwrite. C3
to incoming to There Typically, this to the IP to IP Authentication information. You would IP assigning the to VLAN), then that with the and the with the authenticating the typically assigned and Actions. The Traffic the type of to which the Actions whether that assigned of service, assigned to VLAN, or both. Table the that and the that each associated with that Table ether field Ethernet II Not or field IP Not or Destination or Source IP Address: ipsourcesocket of Service IP Not or Destination or Source MAC: Destination or Source TCP tcpsourceport Destination or Source UDP VLAN Not This shows to Table to to that Ethernet II to VLAN ether This shows to Table to assign to that UDP from IP and (Optional) MAC Address: TCP or UDP or
clear This shows to to assign to that IP from IP If specified as shown, of (IP applied: ipsourcesocket this to This of to clear ID and the other to clear clear clear ether ipsourcesocket tcpsourceport The following apply to that the to ID the based VLAN specified of from to or (Optional) the of to match, the of from to to each type and The following apply to which to associated with the specified ether associated Ethernet II associated IP associated IP ipsourcesocket associated IP associated IP of Service associated MAC associated MAC associated TCP tcpsourceport associated TCP associated UDP associated UDP C3 clear
clear clear and specified to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to Ethernet II associated with from ether This shows to from that UDP from this to clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to and
to Profiles Commands to and Authentication information about this platform. To assign and to information about... to clear this to to the to to the of to Used the CLI the ID of the to which the This match the assigned the command to active the specified Switch command, readwrite. This shows to allow Ethernet through to to to Profiles C3
clear clear this to from or clear the from which to the of to Used the CLI the ID of the to which the This match the assigned the to active the specified Switch command, readwrite. This shows to from
Class of Service (CoS) About CoS It recommended that NMS as to CLI policy-based CoS the switches. The C3 Class of Service (CoS), which allows to to higher through the of The higher through the serviced first traffic). The Class of Service of the implemented Class of Service based the IEEE 802.1D and allows to with highest priority) and to each policybased CoS the and or userassigned portbased 802.1D to policybased CoS the and userassigned policybased portbased Class of Service functionality to broadcast, unknown and/or This from of through those to About CoSBased information. Once using the command, to the policybased CoS function and assigning inbound The CoS the following and associated commands Procedure follows the Procedure CoS Command(s) CoS CoS IRL physical reference the IRL reference (physical reference) each IRL reference to CoS This inbound and then assigns them to with CoS of and and assign to the user Inbound Rate Class of Service (CoS) C3
Class of Service (CoS) physical inbound each group. the user IRL of the IRL of Unit Rate Rate Action Unit Rate Rate Action the CoS IRL reference each group, reference each IRL created the previous reference reference reference reference Reference Rate reference Reference Rate
About CoS-Based the CoS CoS CoS which of the IRL reference, created the previous irl-reference CoS Priority ToS IRL Co CoS-based B3 switches or D2 switches. CoSbased from of through those incoming the incoming each type broadcast, with the specified second. If, the incoming of type reaches the the CoSbased the the then to the reached. The following the and commands to CoSbased Procedure Command(s) CoS. CoS which that mapped to Assign the to This broadcast of and assigns to and flood-ctrl Class of Service (CoS) SecureStack C3
Commands information about... to clear clear clear clear clear flood-ctrl reference reference clear reference clear port-type this to or Class of Service. or Class of Service the switch. Switch command, readwrite.
clear This shows to Class of Service: this to the Class of Service Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Class of Service C3(rw)->show Class-of-Service this command to CoS back to its of clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the CoS back to its of C3
this to Class of Service the CoS irl-reference irl-reference Class of Service entry. to to with the lowest priority. section below information. (Optional) of Service to section below information. irlreference (Optional) the inbound associated with this entry. irlreference to section below information. If optional specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. The CoS of service and displays them as to CoS entry. Essentially, CoS Each of service consists of priority, optional ToS and IRL reference. CoS Indexes each CoS CoS through created and directly to backwards compatibility. These and CoS assigned. to CoS or Priority CoS each CoS created, the the option to assign to the of service. CoS through directly to and as they compatibility. ToS This of service, assigned to of service which this the ToS field of the IP to the the of the ToS field rewritable. ToS CoS through IRL Reference The CoS IRL reference optional, as required. The IRL reference assign inbound to the CoS IRL Reference This reference thought of as the that the physical the IRL Reference
clear This shows to CoS with of this to clear Class of Service clear irl-reference Class of Service to clear. Clears associated with this Clears the associated with this entry. Clears the of Service associated with this irlreference Clear the IRL reference associated with this Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the CoS this to Class of Service (Optional) Class of Service to If specified, CoS displayed. Switch command, readonly. C3 clear
This shows to CoS CoS Priority ToS IRL this to inbound or and or from the group. group-type-index clear that this inbound (IRL) group. floodctrl that this group. grouptypeindex inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would specified as (Optional) the (Optional) assigned to the of the type (Optional) the to the that already the clear (Optional) Clear the from those assigned to the Switch command, readwrite. CoS and the type of the group, the of group#.porttype The This and physical the assigned to to
through Currently, type (type supported. This type Additional created flexibility. assigned to from the other from the groupand of the type as the group. The creation of to their function flexibility. instance, associated to users to Users and associated to to these of service assign to each group. assigned while assigned another. The each and type, with the and associated (assigned) The porttype displays the inbound the type. This and and assign to the this to CoS and the assigned flood-ctrl group-type-index (Optional) that inbound information should displayed. floodctrl (Optional) that information should displayed. grouptypeindex (Optional) assigned group. the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would specified as The Switch command, readonly. C3
clear clear This shows inbound that through from the when they to and Inbound Rate this to clear CoS or assigned clear group-type-index Clear IRL floodctrl Clear Clear inbound grouptypeindex or or clear the from that group. the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although only type currently supported. would specified as this inbound entry. Clear the assigned of this to its Clear the assigned to this to its
Switch command, readwrite. The This IRL the this to the inbound IRL group. group-type-index type grouptypeindex inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would specified as of the inbound associated with this from to Unit of the inbound option second. this inbound This the from to type Action the The action option the exceeded. or reporting exceeded. or exceeded. Switch command, readwrite. C3
flood-ctrl CoS where physical directly to the of the type. type IRL each and as group#.porttype.irlindex initially as Inbound or or inbound exceeded. CoS inbound allows the to based second. The displays the each group. IRL The Rate and otherwise. This the inbound to or MB: type this to CoSbased This that to group-type-index grouptypeindex group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would specified as to unknown traffic. to traffic. to traffic. to unknown and traffic. second. Switch command, readwrite.
CoS where physical This command to to three the porttype of The assigned to with the command. This of the type of of porttype flood-ctrl broadcast this to the group-type-index group- type-index (Optional) that inbound should displayed. floodctrl (Optional) that should displayed. grouptypeindex (Optional) group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. specified as (Optional) Inbound the specified group. from to If or specified, shown. If and IRL specified, the IRL shown. If specified with the shown. Switch command, readonly. This the IRL the Unit Rate Rate Action SecureStack C3
clear clear This displays the flood-ctrl the Unit Rate Rate Action type flood-ctrl bcast this to clear inbound to clear group-type-index type Clear IRL grouptypeindex inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. specified as (Optional) Inbound associated with the specified group. from to Clear the of the inbound Clear the this inbound type Clear the action the Switch command, readwrite. This clears the to IRL
clear reference this to clear to clear flood-ctrl group-type-index Clear grouptypeindex group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would specified as Clear the specified group. Clear the specified group. Clear the specified group. Clear the specified group. (Optional) Clear the of the specified type of to the or Switch command, readwrite. This clears the to this to the Class of Service inbound reference reference group-type-index reference clear flood-ctrl C3
reference reference that IRL reference grouptypeindex inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. specified as reference IRL reference associated with this entry. Rate (IRL to this reference to. from to Switch command, readwrite. The CoS reference the IRL found the CoS to created the The CoS reference thought of as The accounts the of the The then to the physical The CoS IRL Reference Table The CoS IRL reference or and each to physical or IRL reference each and to as group#, porttype, reference. IRL with the The IRL reference displayed the reference command. the CoS IRL reference and reference the IRL created each group. The reference used. reference reference this to the Class of Service inbound reference reference group-type-index
clear reference (Optional) that inbound reference information should displayed. grouptypeindex (Optional) inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would specified as If specified, CoS reference information displayed. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows the Class of Service IRL that of the this reference Reference Rate this to clear the Class of Service inbound reference clear reference group-type-index reference that IRL cleared. Clear and C3 clear reference
grouptypeindex inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would specified as reference Clear reference the specified group. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the CoS inbound reference reference this to CoS port-type flood-ctrl port-type (Optional) IRL information. porttyp (Optional) information about the specified type. porttype supported.) (Optional) information. floodctrl (Optional) information. (Optional) information. If information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows inbound Unit: inbound
clear port-type Unit Rate Rate This shows information. flood-ctrl Unit: flood-ctrl type Unit Rate Rate flood-ctrl this to clear Class of Service clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the CoS this to Class of Service type port-type port-type flood-ctrl port-type (Optional) inbound information. (Optional) information. porttype (Optional) information type. type supported.) C3 clear
port-type If specified, inbound and information displayed. Switch command, readonly. The C3 type inbound or type includes The type IRL C3 IRL, which that this type of inbound group. The type C3 which that this type of group. This shows inbound information type port-type of Supported types: inbound type of Supported Unselected type C3 IRL This shows information type port-type of types: type type of Supported Unselected type C3 flood-ctrl
Priority Summary This chapter the Priority of commands and to them. to the information about of service the C3. The firmware information about... to Priority Summary Priority Priority to Quality of Service The C3 Class of Service (CoS), which allows to assign to higher through the of The higher through the serviced first traffic. The Class of Service of the Class of Service based the IEEE 802.1D and allows to through and assign them to each through each with the lowest priority. without information its header assigned to the the the of to the through that without indicated their header classified as and to that priority. CoS the as CoS-based with the command this section. Priority C3
Priority Priority Commands Priority To or characteristics as follows: or the Classof Service (CoS) through of each that (ingress) without information their header. the mappingtopriority of each each to to 802.1D the header. information about... to clear this to the 802.1D or (Optional) information of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the the through to to to to to
clear this to the 802.1D ClassofService through each without information its header assigned to the the the of to the through that without indicated their header classified as with information its header to that priority. the which to priority. of to Used the CLI of to to the CoS the the Priority of the lowest priority. Switch command, readwrite. The the with The as internally through the This shows to of this without information their header to the of this to the CoS to This without its header to to clear the which to clear priority. of to Used the CLI C3
Priority to Transmit Priority to Commands Priority Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to the priority: To the following: the to of each physical each to to the priority, using the command or to based of capacity, assigned to using the Clear or information about... to clear this to the through with as the lowest associated with the the lowest priority) each selected with transmitted to the using the (Optional) the of to or
If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information this with of associated with with or priority, associated with and forth: P0 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 this to 802.1D to the which to of to Used the CLI of through the lowest that what the this command. of through the lowest that the which to the with the this command. Although there through and traffic. Switch command, readwrite. This command to the to with the lowest each of the selected You apply the to or SecureStack C3
clear clear Priority This shows to to this to back to or clear the which to clear of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the
Quality of Service Commands to the information about of service the C3. The Networks the switch each The commands this section allow to the and each of the through each physical the switch. Priority and the physical that the LAG. information about... to clear this to information or physical (Optional) which to of to Used the CLI physical displayed. LAG information. If the specified, the of physical displayed. Switch command, readonly. Quality of Service C3
Priority This shows to the algorithm and Q0 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q5 Q6 Q7 WRR this to physical which to of to Used the CLI physical with this command. LAG to to The Switch command, readwrite. (SP) or weighted roundrobin (WRR). If WRR assigned to those with this command. specified the of to specified through This shows to the the to This to the to the to Q0 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q5 Q6 Q7 STR SP SP SP SP SP SP SP SP
clear this to clear back to their clear Clears back to their of to Used the CLI physical with this command. LAG as follows: WRR WRR WRR WRR WRR WRR WRR WRR Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear C3 clear
clear Priority
IGMP About IP This chapter the IGMP of commands and to them. information about... to IGMP IGMP IGMP Routing Interfaces The (IGMP) and their immediately neighboring The allow to inform its that to to group. its they to traffic. If there than the LAN IP multicasting, of these elected and the responsibility of the LAN Based the membership information learned from IGMP, which to to each of its At this information, with routing to IP IP IGMP the IP service, only concerned with forwarding from the to directly attached subnetwork or LAN This IP the IGMP and IGMP IP and IP to learn IP The of IP to switched performance only to those containing or instead of to the (VLAN). to IGMP and the C3 actively L3 IGMP to learn locations of and within each VLAN. that IGMP neither IP IGMP concerned with the of IP subnetworks, routing IP to routed subnetworks. IGMP C3
IGMP About Multicasting IGMP Commands IGMP Multicasting to such as or streaming to establish with each It broadcasts its service to the and that to the with their switch/router. Although this approach reduces the overhead the switch/router through to that only to the that to this service. The C3 switch IGMP to attached who to service. The the IP this service and to the of the interface. It then the service to neighboring switch/router to that to the service. containing of located the To IGMP from the switch CLI. information about... to interfacemode groupmembershipinterval clear
this to IGMP information. Switch command, readonly. information whether or IGMP information displayed only when the function information IGMP the to information IGMP or to interfacemode This shows to IGMP information: Membership Router Interfaces IGMP Count.................. the CPU............... this to or IGMP the or IGMP the Switch command, readwrite. C3
interfacemode interfacemode groupmembershipinterval IGMP IGMP to or the with this command, and then the interface as interfacemode IGMP This shows to IGMP the this to or IGMP or interfacemode or which to or IGMP. or IGMP. Switch command, readwrite. IGMP to or the the as and then this command. This shows to IGMP interfacemode this command to the IGMP membership the groupmembershipinterval
the IGMP membership seconds. This together with the to from IGMP and than the Switch command, readwrite. The IGMP membership the of and than the IGMP as This shows to the IGMP membership to seconds: groupmembershipinterval this to the IGMP the the IGMP seconds. The seconds. This together with the groupmembershipinterval command to from IGMP and than the membership Switch command, readwrite. This than the IGMP groupmembershipinterval C3
IGMP This shows to the IGMP to seconds: this to the IGMP router the the IGMP router seconds. of the with The Switch command, readwrite. This the switch from the If the and the only the switch, then the This shows to the IGMP router to infinity: This IGMP or or to existing entry. the IP the the which to the entry. (Optional) the specified or to existing (Optional) the or to to the entry. If specified, to the
If specified, created. Switch command, readwrite. this to and IGMP Currently, to of and IGMP supported. This IGMP the with IP of VLAN with the This command IGMP or or from existing entry. the IP of the entry. the which the (Optional) the specified or from existing entry. (Optional) the or to from the If specified, from the entry. Switch command, readwrite. This from the the with IP of VLAN This IGMP or or IGMP group] C3
IGMP the VLAN which to IGMP (Optional) the IGMP which to IGMP If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This displays the IGMP VLAN Static IGMP IGMP this command to forwarding (MFDB) information. (Optional) MFDB statistics. If specified, MFDB displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to forwarding MAC Interfaces 00:14:01:00:5E:02:CD:B0 Network 00:32:01:00:5E:37:96:D0 Network 00:32:01:00:5E:7F:FF:FA Network This shows to forwarding statistics: MFDB MFDB Since
clear this to clear IGMP clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear IGMP to clear IGMP IGMP Cleared. clear C3
IGMP Routing Interfaces IGMP Routing Interfaces Commands IGMP Router: The commands covered this section when the router to router to Router To IGMP routing interfaces. information about... to interface last-member-query-interval last-member-query-count this to the L3 IGMP functionality the switch. The of this command IGMP functionality. C3 (su)>router(Config)#
IGMP routing interface both the which the router, and the which interface. Once these commands the and IGMP traffic. IGMP both and interface This shows to IGMP the router: C3(su)->router(Config)#ip this to IGMP interface. The of this command IGMP interface. IGMP routing interface both the command which it the router, and the command which interface. Once these commands executed, the and IGMP traffic. IGMP both and interface Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to IGMP the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this command to the of IGMP the router. The of this IGMP to the of C3
interface interface IGMP the IGMP to the router. or Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the IGMP to VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this command to information about or IGMP routing interfaces. interface (Optional) information or If specified, information IGMP routing. router This shows to IGMP routing information VLAN C3(su)->router#show interface UP UP IGMP the Switch IGMP ACL currently TTL currently to IGMP of second) Count of second) Count
this to of IGMP streams and router This shows to information about IGMP C3(su)->router#show REGISTERED MULTICAST GROUP DETAILS IP this to the IGMP routing interface. The of this the IGMP to the of seconds. the IGMP from to seconds. seconds. Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the IGMP to seconds VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3
IGMP this to the The of this the IGMP to the of tenth of second). the IGMP from to tenths of second. The tenth of second). Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the IGMP to tenths of second) VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the IGMP The of this the IGMP to the of seconds. the IGMP from to seconds. The seconds. Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan
last-member-query-interval This shows to the IGMP to seconds VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the of IGMP the as The of this the IGMP count to the of count count the of IGMP from to The Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the IGMP count to C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan startup-query-count this to the groupspecific to The of this command the IGMP to the of second. last-member-query-interval last-member-query-interval the IGMP from to seconds. The second. C3
last-member-query-count last-member-query-count IGMP Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the IGMP to seconds VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the of groupspecific there The of this command the IGMP count to the of count last-member-query-count count the of IGMP from to The Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the IGMP count to VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan last-member-query-count this to the expected IGMP routing interface. The of this command the IGMP to the of the IGMP from to The
Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This IGMP higher that stations to the the reached, IGMP there to This shows to the IGMP to VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3
IGMP
Commands and Network This chapter switchrelated and commands and to them. The commands this chapter to of the C3 from the switch CLI only. information router-related including router ARP and IP traffic, to information about... to Network and Switch Network and Network (SNTP) Networks containing of located the Networks To and including and the information about... to clear C3
and Network information about... to clear clear clear interface interface clear interface this to the (Optional) information to entry. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information: C3(ro)->show IP Facility Severity warning(5) warning(5) of the
Table What It Displays... IP IP this the command, to Facility facility that to this to Severity Severity which the Text of this facility/server. UDP the to to the Whether or this currently or this to facility facility severity severity the this (Optional) the IP facility facility (Optional) the facility to severity severity (Optional) the severity which the and action required) informational (Optional) of this facility/server. (Optional) the UDP the to to the (Optional) or this facility/server C3
clear clear and Network If specified, the created with the specified and indicating that IP assigned. If specified, facility severity and to with the If specified, the or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to IP facility severity facility severity this to from the clear the the to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the with from the this to the
Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the back to Facility Severity warning(5) this to facility facility] severity severity facility facility the facility to severity severity the severity and action warning informational the UDP the to to the Switch command, readwrite. C3
clear clear and Network This shows to the facility to and the severity to facility severity this to clear facility severity facility (Optional) the facility to severity (Optional) the severity to of (Optional) the UDP the to to the to At least optional three optional to to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the severity to severity this to the severity of or
(Optional) severity the and of and their and typed as they appear Table (Optional) severity If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information to the SNMP C3(ro)->show SNMP Application Severity SNMP 6(notifications) 7(information) Table of the Table What displays... Application of the Severity Severity which the the This (from to and its associated severity shown the CLI of these which the command, to this to the severity of or SecureStack C3
and Network of to This the and of To the command as and their Table and typed as they appear Table the severity (Optional) the severity which the and action required) warning informational Table Applications Application CLIWEB Command Interface and SNMP Network STP Tree Non-application items such as chassis UPN Router Router If specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite.
clear This shows to the severity SNMP to that that SNMP this to the severity or to the of of clear the severity to and their the severity to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the severity to SNMP. C3(rw)->clear SNMP this to the of to the and Switch command, readonly. clear SecureStack C3
clear and Network This shows to the of this to the and to this to to the and or to the or to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to the and to this to clear the and the clear Switch command, readwrite.
interface This shows to clear this command to the and and displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows of the information with the command: from from this to the interface the IP of the interface Switch readonly. C3
interface and Network This displays the of this command. this the IP assigned to loopback interface as the IP of the C3(rw)->show interface this to specify the interface the IP of the interface loopback loopback the loopback interface to used. The of from to the VLAN interface to used. The of from to Switch command, readwrite. This command allows to the IP the when of the interfaces, including VLAN routing interfaces, as the IP the interface IP assigned to this command. If interface specified, then the IP of the interface used. If interface with this command, restricted to that interface the reached from that interface. the the first from the the interface. If loopback interface and there to the the outgoing interface based the from the then the interface. If therefore, interface should This IP VLAN interface and then that interface as the IP C3(rw)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(rw)->router(Config-if(Vlan
clear interface C3(rw)->router(Config)#exit C3(rw)->router#exit C3(rw)->router>exit interface C3(rw)->show interface this to clear the interface the IP of the back to the of the interface. clear interface Switch command, readwrite. This the interface the IP of the back to the of the interface. C3(rw)->show interface interface clear interface C3
Network and Network and Commands history and Network To switch and history, to the of the history and to and information about... to history history history users this to the of the command history The history includes the switch commands to of as the history history history Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the command history It shows there commands the C3(su)->history hist
history history this to the of the history history Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the history history History this to the of the history history the of the history to (Optional) this Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of the history to history C3 history
users and Network this command to ICMP to another the from the switch CLI. the IP of the to which the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to IP this this this the IP responding: from this to information about the active or to the switch. users Switch command, readonly. This shows to the command. this there with ReadWrite from IP and
Location this to active or from the switch CLI. the IP of the to disconnected. This displayed the shown active Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to This shows to the this command to statistics. Switch command, readwrite. C3
and Network The following shows the of this command. State TCP LISTEN TCP LISTEN TCP LISTEN TCP ESTABLISHED UDP UDP UDP UDP UDP The following the of this command. What displays... of the IP of the host. IP of the host. State of the
Switch Network and Commands To or switch ARP and to MAC information. information about... to clear traceroute clear algorithm algorithm clear algorithm clear this command to the switchs ARP Switch command, readonly. Switch Network and C3
and Network This shows to the ARP LINK LEVEL ARP TABLE IP Interface Table of the What It Displays... IP IP to MAC MAC to IP Route and their manually to ARP this this command to to the switchs ARP the IP to to the MAC and to the ARP the MAC to to the IP and to the ARP The MAC as or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to IP to MAC
clear traceroute this to or from the switchs ARP clear the IP the ARP to cleared, or clears ARP Switch command, readwrite. This shows to from the ARP this to hopbyhop through IP from the to host. Three UDP or ICMP transmitted each the and the traceroute traceroute first-ttl (Optional) seconds to to firstttl (Optional) the to (TTL) of the first outgoing (Optional) the to (TTL) outgoing (Optional) the UDP (Optional) the of (Optional) the routing (Optional) the option. (Optional) numerically. (Supported release.) C3 clear
and Network (Optional) including the and of each the to which the of IP traced. If specified, to seconds. If specified, firsttt to second. If specified, to seconds. If specified, to If specified, to If specified, routing used. If specified, the option used. If specified, summary displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to traceroute to round to this the SecureStack C3 switch, and back to the IP Round each of the three UDP to each traceroute to this to MAC the switchs These learned through the switching process. type other learned (Optional) MAC known the (Optional) MAC (Optional) MAC type other learned (Optional) information related to other learned or type.
If specified, MAC the displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to MAC information MAC FID 00-09-6B-0F-13-E6 Learned MAC VLAN of the Table What It Displays... MAC MAC to the shown. FID type. Learned Other (this include MAC as MAC VLAN The VLAN ID the MAC The of the The which to the this to the timeout learned MAC C3
clear and Network Switch command, readonly. This shows to the MAC timeout seconds This to the timeout learned MAC the timeout seconds learned MAC to seconds. seconds. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the MAC timeout this to the timeout learned MAC to the of seconds. clear
Switch command, readonly. This shows to the MAC timeout to the of seconds. this to the MAC which the the when mac-crc16-lowerbits mac-crc32-lowerbits maccrc16lowerbits Select the MAC CRC Select the MAC CRC maccrc32lowerbits Select the MAC CRC Select the MAC CRC The MAC algorithm Switch command, readwrite. Each algorithm of MAC this the switch and to the The MAC This the to This displays the currently selected MAC algorithm C3 algorithm
clear algorithm clear and Network Switch command, readonly. This shows the of this command. this to the MAC to the of clear Switch command, readwrite. This the MAC to the this to what within VLAN learned or what with the specified MAC flooded. Also, this to to or clear from the clear
clear the MAC The MAC as or the VLAN ID containing the the or of the MAC learned or flooded to. clear or clears the or of from the If the apply to Switch command, readwrite. This MAC VLAN this to MAC clear the MAC to cleared. The MAC as or (Optional) the VLAN ID from which to clear the MAC If specified, the MAC cleared from Switch command, readwrite. This clears MAC from VLAN C3 clear
and Network this command to the of protection. Switch command, readwrite. This displays the of protection. this command to or protection. this from loaded. or protection. Switch command, readwrite. The following when this function 01:80:C2:00:00:11 01:80:C2:00:00:14 01:80:C2:00:00:15 The and these
Network (SNTP) Commands This protection. To the Network (SNTP), which clocks IP (host, routing interface, or loopback) SNTP to information about... to clear clear clear clear clear interface interface clear interface this to SNTP Network (SNTP) C3
and Network Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNTP SNTP TUE SEP 'EST', offset from UTC hours and Broadcast Count: seconds Retry: Timeout: seconds SNTP SNTP TUE SEP SNTP TUE SEP SNTP SNTP-Server Active Active Table of the Table What It Displays... SNTP SNTP the clock. and amount offset from UTC the Whether SNTP operating or Broadcast Count of SNTP received. SNTP of seconds using the Retry of to SNTP of the Timeout Timeout to SNTP of seconds command SNTP of SNTP
clear (Continued) What It SNTP and of SNTP SNTP and of SNTP SNTP Whether or reception or and reception SNTP-Server IP of SNTP of SNTP relation to its Highest and lowest of the Whether or the SNTP active. this to the SNTP operation SNTP SNTP this the supply the IP from which to the SNTP. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNTP this to clear the SNTP clear C3
clear and Network Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the SNTP this to from which the SNTP the when operating to as SNTP the SNTP IP (Optional) this SNTP relation to its (highest) to (lowest). If specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the IP as SNTP this to or from the SNTP clear the IP of to from the SNTP from the SNTP
clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the IP from the SNTP this to the SNTP The to the of seconds, where from to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the SNTP to seconds: this to clear the SNTP clear C3
clear and Network Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the SNTP this to the of to SNTP the of to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of SNTP to this to clear the of to SNTP clear Switch command, readwrite.
clear This shows to clear the of SNTP this to the timeout seconds) to SNTP timeout timeout the timeout seconds. to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the SNTP timeout to seconds: this command to clear the SNTP timeout. clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the SNTP timeout: SecureStack C3
and Network this to the as offset from UTC. hours The of the Typically, this such as EST (Eastern or EDT (Eastern Daylight hours (Optional) the offset hours from UTC. The from to The hours. (Optional) offset from UTC. The from to The If without specifying offset hours and the offset from UTC of hours and Switch command, readwrite. Typically, this to the offset from UTC (Univeral when SNTP to the the To the SNTP, the command. To clear existing offset to the without specifying hours or and offsets found the following URL, others: The following the to EST and the offset to North American Eastern offset of hours from UTC, then displays the with SNTP. EST SNTP WED JUL 'EST' offset from UTC hours and Broadcast Count: seconds) Retry: Timeout: seconds SNTP SNTP WED JUL SNTP WED JUL SNTP
interface interface SNTP-Server Active this to the interface the IP of the SNTP interface Switch readonly. This displays the of this command. this the IP assigned to loopback interface as the IP of the SNTP C3(rw)->show interface loopback this to specify the interface the IP of the SNTP interface the interface to used. The of from to the VLAN interface to used. The of from to Switch command, readwrite. C3 interface
clear interface clear interface and Network This allows to the IP the SNTP when of the interfaces, including VLAN routing interfaces, as the IP the SNTP interface IP assigned to this command. If interface specified, then the IP of the interface used. If interface with this command, restricted to that interface the reached from that interface. the transmitted the first from the the interface. If loopback interface and there to the the outgoing interface based the from the then the interface. If redundancy required, therefore, loopback interface should This IP VLAN interface and then that interface as the SNTP IP C3(rw)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(rw)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(rw)->router(Config)#exit C3(rw)->router#exit C3(rw)->router>exit interface C3(rw)->show interface this to clear the interface the IP of the SNTP back to the of the interface. clear interface Switch command, readwrite.
This the interface the IP of the SNTP back to the of the interface. C3(rw)->show interface C3(rw)->clear interface C3 clear interface
Commands and Network The to the MAC and location of (or the information (IP as With this to that, instance, IP located switch The of information accomplished the of as through the switch the C3, the and this The NetSight and Automated Security (ASM) the information the MIB Its to that interswitch learning information, as searches the NetSight and ASM and To and functionality the switch. information about... to clear this command to or (Optional) If specified, Switch command, readonly. This shows to through C3(rw)->show Used
of the command Table What It Displays... of this Used of of the amount already this Whether or or this this to or or or the of or the of to The the which to or of Switch command, readwrite. reception, assigned to with which the C3 statically created, the clear C3
clear clear and Network Its to that interswitch learning information, as would searches the NetSight and ASM and This shows to the this to to and clear the clear the which to the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the
RMON Functions This chapter the commands to RMON C3 switch. information about... to RMON Functions Considerations Statistics Commands History Commands Commands Commands Commands Commands RMON (Remote Network and performance information and allows SNMP stations and RMON the SNMP MIB that of about These MIB each gather of to the RMON SecureStack C3 each groups function and the and the associated commands Table RMON Functions and Commands RMON What It What It Monitors... CLI Command(s) Statistics Records statistics measured the RMON each interface the RMON and CRC and and counters clear C3
Considerations Considerations RMON Table RMON Functions and Commands (Continued) RMON What It What It Monitors... CLI Command(s) History Records of history from and item(s) gathers from the and them with previously thresholds. If the threshold, the and of from the Allows to matched These matched or that captured. Allows to match. The C3 RMON through both the CLI and MIBs, with the following type, threshold, threshold. type, the matching the history clear history clear clear clear clear clear
Statistics Commands Commands RMON and Mirroring the interface concurrently. You of interface, and The as to as the allow. interface Once the the without intervention. the MIB, the the only of the There Entry supported. to the of the the Entry of its to the which the as as its to The Action only to the the to the only counted The Therefore, the following of the Entry Table supported: TurnOnEventIndex, TurnOffEventIndex, and There Entry There three and three with the Entry. and information within the To and clear RMON statistics. to the counted information about... to clear Statistics Commands SecureStack C3
RMON this to RMON statistics measured or (Optional) RMON statistics If specified, RMON displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to RMON statistics Ethernet switch Source ifIndex.1 Collisions Octets Octets Broadcast Octets Octets CRC Octets Octets Octets Table of the this to RMON statistics entry. this statistics entry. to which this assigned. (Optional) Assigns this entry.
clear If specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON statistics this to or RMON statistics clear or to causing them to from RMON history to This to reappear RMON Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON statistics C3(rw)->clear C3 clear
History Commands History Commands history RMON To and clear RMON history and statistics. information about... to history history clear history this command to RMON history and statistics. The RMON history records from history (Optional) RMON history If specified, information about RMON history displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to RMON history switch displays first, to the entry. this the owner, and of from their of the of statistics shown, to history Source ifIndex.1 Granted
history clear history hours seconds Octets Broadcast Collisions CRC this command to RMON history entry. history this entry. (Optional) Assigns this to (Optional) the of to (Optional) the seconds. (Optional) this entry. If specified, the of If specified, to seconds. If specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows RMON history to every seconds: history this command to or RMON history or or to to history clear history C3 history
clear history RMON or history to causing them to from RMON history to This to reappear RMON Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON history C3(rw)->clear history
Commands Commands To and clear RMON and information about... to clear this to RMON The RMON from RMON and them with thresholds. If the threshold RMON (Optional) RMON ID. If specified, information about RMON displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to RMON C3(rw)->show Index Threshold Threshold Index Falling of the Commands SecureStack C3
RMON Table What It Displays... Index this Text who this Whether this or MIB to monitored. Whether the or Whether when this first or seconds which RMON Threshold threshold causing Threshold threshold causing Index of the RMON to when the threshold crossed. Index of the RMON to when the threshold crossed. this to RMON or to with type rthresh rthresh fthresh fthresh this entry. or (Optional) seconds) RMON to (Optional) MIB to monitored. type (Optional) the the of the or the This the command, specified to the
(Optional) the type of when this first when RMON reaches threshold reached, than second. when RMON below threshold when the normally Either when or threshold reached. rthresh rthresh (Optional) threshold causing fthresh fthresh threshold causing the of the RMON to when the threshold crossed. the of the RMON to when the threshold crossed. (Optional) the of the that this seconds type rthresh fthresh Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON This of the seconds: type rthresh owner this to RMON entry. that of threshold. C3
clear clear RMON this entry. or this entry. Switch command, readwrite. RMON created this command, the then this command. RMON created and the specifying with the command. This shows to RMON this command to RMON clear the of to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear RMON
Commands Commands To and clear RMON and to RMON information about... to clear this to RMON (Optional) RMON and ID. If specified, information about RMON displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to RMON C3(rw)->show Index STP Topology log-and-trap Community hours seconds of the Commands C3
RMON Table What It Displays... this Text who this Whether this or Text of this Whether the entry, and SNMP both, or Community SNMP community type to matching this this to RMON entry, or to with type both} community community this of (Optional) text of this type (Optional) the type of RMON both SNMP or both and community (Optional) SNMP community to the community type to SNMP and to Creating SNMP Trap (Optional) the of the that this entry. If specified, applied. If specified, type applied. If specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite.
clear This shows to and RMON STP that both and SNMP to the community: "STP type both community this to RMON the of RMON that fired RMON and to entry, or both. this of this entry. Switch command, readwrite. RMON created this command, the then this command. RMON created and the specifying with the command. This shows to RMON this to RMON and associated clear the of the to cleared. SecureStack C3
clear RMON Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear RMON C3(rw)->clear
Commands Commands The and function interface and interface, the SecureStack C3 switch as to as These inspection. If there the when the function started, the Once the the the Therefore, only of the only and of back to back One supported, with to three and information within the This function concurrently with The to both and the CLI attempted. information about... to clear clear this to RMON or (Optional) RMON If specified, information about displayed. Switch command, readonly. Commands C3
RMON This shows to RMON information C3(rw)->show EntryStatus= off matched ready Matches EST NetSight this to RMON entry. matched off owner this entry. created chosen. of the which monitored. matched (Optional) the action of the this matched matches they match off (Optional) or of the flow of through the (Optional) this (Optional) the of the that this entry. If action specified, matches. If specified, to off If specified, applied. If specified, to Switch command, readwrite.
clear This shows to RMON this to clear RMON entry. clear the to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear RMON C3(rw)->clear this to or RMON (Optional) information about or about which to If options specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to RMON and information: SecureStack C3 clear
RMON C3(rw)->show Index= Index= EntryStatus= ETS,NAC-D this to RMON entry. offset offset this entry. created chosen. of the to which this applied. offset offset (Optional) offset from the of the to matches. (Optional) that to matched. (Optional) the to to which (Optional) the inversion that which should or (Optional) the to matched. (Optional) the to to which (Optional) the inversion that which should or (Optional) the of the that this entry. If specified, to If other options specified, applied.
clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON and apply to offset this to clear RMON entry. clear Clears entry, or to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear RMON C3(rw)->clear C3 clear
Commands Commands Commands RMON that and of backtoback To RMON or and clear information about... to clear this to RMON and associated (Optional) the specified and associated with that entry. (Optional) the specified If options specified, and associated displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to RMON and associated C3(rw)->show EntryStatus= FullAction Download Download offset Octet Octet Granted hours seconds
ID hours seconds this to RMON entry. action offset offset the to which this applied. action (Optional) the action of the when to (Optional) the from each to Currently, the (Optional) the from each to downloaded from the The offset offset (Optional) the first from each that (Optional) the to this Currently, the which as as (Optional) the of the that this entry. If specified, action to If specified, offset to If specified, to (which as as If specified, applied. If specified, applied. If specified, to C3
clear clear RMON Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON to this command to clears RMON clear the to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear RMON
DHCP DHCP DHCP This chapter the commands to the DHCP functionality C3 switch. information about... to DHCP DHCP IP (DHCP) that or assignment of IP and other information to DHCP of IP from which assignments relay DHCP and which physical The DHCP/BOOTP relay function of the routing interfaces. The relay DHCP to DHCP located the of the as the interface. The relay interface VLAN which with IP to the information. DHCP functionality allows the C3 switch to IP information to the who such information the DHCP DHCP the following IP DHCP assigns IP to of (or the explicitly relinquishes the from of IP the IP assigned the and DHCP to the assigned to the This of the The amount of that IP lease. The C3 lease which information about each assigned IP DHCP C3
DHCP DHCP DHCP the MAC to which assigned, the lease and whether the assignment or The DHCP lease memory. to assigning IP the DHCP to the following to router(s) DNS and WINS and DHCP options as RFC of and/or and of the switch, the C3 DHCP to function C3 the to know about the IP which the DHCP to created. On the C3, there to DHCP to the DHCP with the switchs IP and the other to the DHCP with routed interface. Since C3 the IP within routed interface the typical C3 with routing interfaces IP Therefore, DHCP would associated with routed interfaces. The following DHCP functionality when the DHCP associated with the IP This would typically when the C3 NOT routing. the IP with the command. Once the IP the then knows about the DHCP functionality the with the command. IP IP assignment. The to the and the and the that the to the and the as the IP DHCP this switch the VLAN as the The following DHCP functionality when the DHCP associated with routed interface. VLAN and to the VLAN. DHCP associated with this VLAN IP from the DHCP associated with this routed interface (VLAN). this VLAN created and through to VLAN
DHCP Commands routed interface the VLAN router the following IP associated with routed interface VLAN router interface shutdown DHCP functionality the with the command. the DHCP The to the and the and the that the to the as the routed interface and the the routed interface. DHCP VLAN IP from this DHCP Optional DHCP You the of assigned to assignment with the command. to the C3. The IP of the or the routed interface excluded. assignment. The to the the of the or the and the IP and the static-pool static-pool other DHCP such as the of to assigning IP or To DHCP and to and clear information, statistics, and information. information about... to DHCP C3
DHCP information about... to clear clear clear clear statistics clear statistics this to or the DHCP functionality the C3. or DHCP functionality. DHCP Switch command, readwrite. This DHCP functionality. this to or BOOTP BOOTP to RFC DHCP and BOOTP, information. or BOOTP
Switch command, readwrite. This BOOTP this to the clear to Switch command, readwrite. This DHCP this to information, or [Optional] the which to information. If specified, information displayed. C3
clear clear DHCP Readonly. This displays information that the only used. C3(ro)->show IP Detection Detection this to clear information or or to clear ip-address| Clears the information the specified IP Clears the information IP Switch command, readwrite. This DHCP This clears the information the IP C3(rw)->clear
clear this to the IP that the DHCP should assign to DHCP the to excluded. lowipaddr the first IP the to from (Optional) the IP the to excluded. Switch command, readwrite. This first the with the Class C with the command. Then, the the of the that assigned DHCP with the command. this to clear the IP that the DHCP should to DHCP clear the first IP the to cleared. (Optional) the IP the to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. SecureStack C3
clear DHCP This clears the of IP through this to the of the DHCP to IP assigning the to the of to The of or from to this function. The Switch command, readwrite. This the of to this to the of the DHCP back to the of clear Switch command, readwrite.
clear This the of back to the this to information or IP (Optional) the IP which to information. If IP specified, information displayed. Readonly. This information about C3(rw)->show IP Lease this to clear or DHCP clear the IP which to the DHCP C3
statistics statistics clear statistics DHCP Switch command, readwrite. This the DHCP IP this to DHCP statistics. statistics Readonly. This displays statistics. C3(ro)->show statistics DHCP DISCOVER DHCP REQUEST DHCP DECLINE DHCP RELEASE DHCP INFORM DHCP OFFER DHCP ACK DHCP NACK this to clear DHCP counters. clear statistics
Switch command, readwrite. This clears DHCP counters. C3(rw)->clear statistics clear statistics SecureStack C3
IP IP Considerations Commands DHCP The of the IP issued should the as the interface (that the of the IP of the switch, or routing interfaces the of the routing interface). using the or the using both recommended. If the incoming DHCP then with that the switch the to processed. The checked. and type (Ethernet or IEEE only when the and the DHCP include option. To and clear DHCP and to information. of and/or the C3 information about... to clear clear clear clear clear clear bootfile clear bootfile
information about... to clear lease clear lease clear clear clear clear clear option clear option this to and assign to DHCP of to C3. that this to other the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This SecureStack C3
clear clear DHCP this to DHCP of clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the this to the and DHCP network the of the to characters length. IP the the the as Switch command, readwrite. this to of IP to assigned the DHCP the specified to the of the with this command, the
clear This the IP with of the DHCP Alternatively, the specified as This the of created the Class C the previous this to the and of DHCP of clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the and from the C3(rw)->clear this to the MAC of the DHCP and You this or the to using both recommended. type the of the to characters length. the MAC of the platform. This or type (Optional) the of the platform. Ethernet or IEEE clear SecureStack C3
clear clear DHCP If type specified, Ethernet assumed. Switch command, readwrite. This as the Ethernet MAC the Alternatively, the MAC as this to the of DHCP from clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the from the this command to IP and DHCP the of the to characters length. the IP
clear (Optional) the (Optional) the as If or specified, the A, B, or C used. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the the of the platform of the to assigned to that manually. this to the IP from clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the IP from the this to the of the DHCP and You this or the to both recommended. clear C3
clear clear DHCP the of the to characters length. the this The Switch command, readwrite. The the type and the MAC the type Ethernet and the MAC then the with this This shows to the rather than the of the this to the of DHCP from clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the from the C3(rw)->clear
clear this to assign to DHCP when creating the of the to characters length. the to assigned to this to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the to the this command to DHCP from clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the from the C3
bootfile bootfile clear bootfile DHCP this to specify the DHCP who the bootfile the of the to characters length. the Switch command, readwrite. This the bootfile this to from the clear bootfile the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the from bootfile
clear this to the from which the to the the of the to characters length. the IP of the the DHCP should to the Switch command, readwrite. This the from which should the bootfile this to the from the clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the from C3(rw)->clear C3
lease lease clear lease DHCP this to the of the lease IP assigned the DHCP from the lease the of the to characters length. the of lease from to (Optional) assigned, the of hours lease from to (Optional) and hours assigned, the of lease from to that the of the lease If lease specified, lease of Switch command, readwrite. This lease of hours the that to lease than then the of hours and lease this to the lease of the clear lease the of the to characters length. Clears the lease this to the of
clear Switch command, readwrite. This the lease of lease this to specify router the DHCP the to routers the of the to characters length. the IP of router. (Optional) Specifies, of preference, to router Switch command, readwrite. This assigns router to the this command to the routers this clear the of the to characters length. C3
clear DHCP Switch command, readwrite. This the router from the C3(rw)->clear this to or DNS the DHCP the to DNS the of the to characters length. the IP of DNS (Optional) Specifies, of preference, to DNS Switch command, readwrite. This assigns DNS to the this command to the DNS from the clear the of the to characters length.
clear Switch command, readwrite. This the DNS from the this to specify to assigned to DHCP the the of the to characters length. the The to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This assigns the mycompany.com to the mycompany.com this to the from the clear the of the to characters length. C3
clear DHCP Switch command, readwrite. This the from the C3(rw)->clear this command to assign or the DHCP the to the of the to characters length. the IP of (Optional) Specifies, of preference, to Switch command, readwrite. This assigns to the this to the from the clear the of the to characters length.
clear Switch command, readwrite. This the from the this command to type the DHCP the the of the to characters length. the type to WINS). the type to (WINS, then broadcast). the type to (WINS only). the type to (broadcast, then WINS). Switch command, readwrite. This as the type the this command to the type from the clear the of the to characters length. C3
option option DHCP Switch command, readwrite. This the type from the C3(rw)->clear this command to DHCP RFC option the of the to characters length. the DHCP option as RFC from to the ASCII ASCII character containing the HEX to HEX the IP to IP Switch command, readwrite. This DHCP option which whether the should its IP forwarding. this IP forwarding with the option This DHCP option which assigns or DHCP this option
clear option this to DHCP option from the clear option the of the to characters length. the DHCP option as RFC from to Switch command, readwrite. This option from option this command to information or the of the to characters length. Readonly. This displays information C3(rw)->show clear option C3
DHCP Network Lease Routers Lease Option Lease
DHCP DHCP Processing This chapter security features: DHCP which DHCP DHCP and DHCP to DHCP and to of authorized ARP inspection, which the created the DHCP to and ARP information about... to DHCP DHCP Commands ARP Inspection ARP Inspection Commands DHCP DHCP DHCP and DHCP to DHCP and to of {MAC IP VLAN ID, that authorized. DHCP and DHCP and within the as trusted or DHCP reached through trusted DHCP the following security DHCP from DHCP (DHCP OFFER, DHCP ACK, DHCP NAK) DHCP RELEASE and DHCP DECLINE they MAC the the interface the from the where the received. On interfaces, the switch DHCP whose MAC match the This option. The incoming DHCP where DHCP On the incoming DHCP to the CPU. On trusted DHCP and ARP Inspection C3
DHCP Building and the DHCP and ARP Inspection the and to the CPU DHCP learn the The DHCP incoming DHCP DHCP RELEASE and DHCP DECLINE the the interface and VLAN with the interface and VLAN the If the interfaces match, the the and the DHCP the MAC to the DHCP Where there mismatch, DHCP and the You this using the command. If the switch as DHCP relay to to DHCP that the as the MAC should to allow DHCP RELEASE to the DHCP functionality and from the DHCP switching and routing DHCP received routing VLAN, the DHCP its and the If the the software forwarding path, where the DHCP relay the DHCP or as IP DHCP DHCP received nonrouting The interfaces the VLAN. If DHCP relay or DHCP with the DHCP DHCP to the DHCP relay or DHCP to further. The DHCP they The DHCP DHCP to and the The includes The includes the following information each entry: MAC IP when lease VLAN ID DHCP from DHCP DISCOVER and REQUEST Tentative to (the where the DHCP received). Tentative completed when DHCP learns the IP from DHCP ACK DHCP to DECLINE, RELEASE, and NACK The DHCP the ACK to the DHCP Inform trusted You the switch learns of or when the switch immediately the the If the lease of then that should to that the properly. If DHCP RELEASE while the
Rate Notes switch when the switch DHCP DISCOVERY or REQUEST the to To the switch DHCP when DHCP the DHCP received interfaces. DHCP the each interface separately. If the DHCP the interface. the to the interface. Both the and the burst The following the write to the or of the Additional follow this Procedure DHCP Command(s) DHCP the switch. where DHCP connected and DHCP their which connected to the DHCP and them as trusted If of DHCP If to the DHCP the switch operating switch then the DHCP and DHCP the VLAN. If the switch routing those platforms that routing), then the DCHP remotely connected to routing interface, or locally. If the DHCP connected, then the of IP and MAC should The DHCP to the IP VLAN. DHCP the interfaces where the DHCP connected, and the interfaces DHCP The routing interface that connected to the DHCP DHCP and trusted DHCP DHCP C3
DHCP Commands DHCP Commands DHCP and ARP Inspection information about... to write-delay statistics clear clear statistics clear clear this command to or DHCP DHCP the switch. DHCP the switch. Switch command, readwrite. DHCP and You with this command, and then
write-delay The following DHCP this to or DHCP VLAN or of the VLAN or of which DHCP to or or DHCP the DHCP Switch command, readwrite. DHCP and You with the command, and then with this command. This DHCP VLANS through this to specify the to the write-delay seconds the seconds to the The from to seconds. Every seconds). C3
DHCP and ARP Inspection Switch command, readwrite. switch learns of or when the switch the the to the write The switch the the The which the updated based the with this command, and the batched. The following that the should once write-delay this to or as DHCP the or to or as trusted The physical or that of VLAN. or the specified as trusted Switch command, readwrite. DHCP to to and and the within the to as trusted or On trusted DHCP directly the On to the DHCP The DHCP builds the from DHCP from DHCP DISCOVER and REQUEST Tentative to the which the received. completed when DHCP learns the IP from DHCP ACK trusted The the switch through which DHCP reached as trusted that from those to DCHP from DHCP (DHCP OFFER, DHCP ACK, DHCP NAK)
This as C3 this to DHCP to the DHCP the MAC of the the VLAN of the entry. the IP of the entry. the of the entry. Switch command, readwrite. and DHCP builds its from DHCP the which to DECLINE, RELEASE, and NACK or when the lease of the You to the with this command. This entry, associating MAC with IP and VLAN C3 this to or DHCP to MAC C3
DHCP and ARP Inspection of the MAC the of the MAC the Source MAC Switch command, readwrite. this the DHCP the MAC with the If there mismatch, DHCP the and the the command to the or of MAC each interface VLAN. The statistics shows the of MAC that occurred This MAC and C3 this to or of DHCP the or which to or of or the specified Disabled. Switch command, readwrite. The DHCP DHCP DHCPRELEASE and DHCPDECLINE the the interface and VLAN with the
interface and VLAN the If the interfaces match, the the the to the or of each VLAN. The statistics shows the of This of DHCP and then displays the DHCP C3 DHCP Disabled DHCP MAC DHCP the following Interface this to incoming DHCP or burst the or to which to apply these incoming DHCP second. The of from to second. burst burst seconds. The of from to seconds. Rate Switch command, readwrite. C3
DHCP and ARP Inspection To the switch from DHCP when DHCP the DHCP interfaces. DHCP the each interface separately. If the the DHCP the interface. You the interface with the command. Both the and the burst You the currently with the command. This burst C3(rw)->show Interface State Rate (seconds) this command to DHCP Switch command, readwrite. This displays the or of DHCP the which DHCP displays whether MAC or and that displays whether they trusted or and whether of This shows the of the command. DHCP DHCP MAC DHCP the following
Interface Trusted this to DHCP Switch command, readwrite. This displays where the (locally) and what the write This shows the of the command. write-delay: this command to DHCP the or which to information. C3
DHCP and ARP Inspection Switch command, readwrite. This displays the and the specified This shows the of the command. Interface State Rate (seconds) this to the of the DHCP (Optional) the of the type of or (Optional) the of the (Optional) the of the VLAN If the displayed. Switch command, readwrite. This displays information about the DHCP the DHCP This shows the of the when of
statistics MAC IP VLAN Interface Lease 00:02:B3:06:60:80 STATIC 00:0F:FE:00:13:04 DYNAMIC this to DHCP statistics statistics Switch command, readwrite. The DHCP DHCP interfaces. DHCP RELEASE and DHCP DECLINE the the interface and VLAN with the interface and VLAN the If the interfaces match, the the of and the If MAC DHCP the MAC to the DHCP Where there mismatch, DHCP and the This command displays, each interface, the of MAC and interface mismatches that occurred the these statistics cleared. Since DHCP should connected through the DHCP incoming DHCP interfaces and counter that displayed with this command. This shows the of the statistics command. statistics Interface MAC Ifc DHCP Mismatch statistics C3
clear clear clear statistics clear DHCP and ARP Inspection this to from the DHCP clear (Optional) the or to (Optional) the to MAC If and Switch command, readwrite. This clears the that includes this command to clear the DHCP statistics counters. clear statistics Switch command, readwrite. This clears the DHCP statistics counters C3 statistics this command to the write to its of seconds.
clear ARP Inspection clear write-delay writedelay (Optional) that the write should to the of seconds. Switch command, readwrite. This the write to the of seconds. This the location to the of this to the to the of with burst of second. clear the or to which this command Switch command, readwrite. This the to their C3 ARP inspection (DAI) security that and ARP The of maninthemiddle where clear SecureStack C3
ARP Inspection Functional Static Optional ARP DHCP and ARP Inspection intercepts other stations the ARP caches of its unsuspecting neighbors. ARP where ARP the normally broadcasting ARP which the to the ARP cache, the other the The ARP Inspection ARP DAI that the MAC and the IP the DHCP and ARP whose MAC and IP match the Additional ARP If DHCP the VLAN or the interface DHCP ARP DAI effectively DAI the interfaces (physical or that of that VLAN. interfaces as trusted or The DAI of the DHCP trusted the to security threat. which to DAI physical and Static useful when IP DHCP or other switches the ARP inspection. IP to MAC VLAN. DAI its DHCP DHCP ARP to DAI. this the of ARP ACL DAI supported. ARP completely of of ARP Within ACL, of If optional ARP DAI that the MAC the MAC the Ethernet header. Additionally, the option to that the MAC the MAC the Ethernet header This to ARP the MAC ARP You IP this option DAI ARP with IP The following IP IP Loopback the
Rate Interfaces Interaction with Other Functions DAI writes to the each ARP You DAI to DAI ARP whose MAC The VLAN switching or routing VLAN. ARP the VLAN. ARP their DAI the MAC to the outgoing If the MAC DAI ARP to the ARP To the switch from DHCP when DAI the DAI ARP interfaces. DAI the each interface If the DAI the interface, which effectively the interface. You the command to reenable the You both the and the burst The each interface with of to The burst with to to seconds.. The interfaces ARP received trusted interfaces to the CPU. ARP inspection VLAN, effectively DAI the of the VLAN, physical or specified the VLAN DAI portbased routing interfaces. It to: through trusted If to connected, there switch the router and the hosts, with DAI that switch DAI the DHCP to that {IP MAC VLAN, interface} DAI with to of VLAN membership the where DAI DAI the about each interface (physical or LAG) where DAI that the ARP and them to the CPU. ARP Inspection C3
ARP Inspection DHCP and ARP Inspection The following basic the Procedure ARP Inspection Command(s) DHCP to Procedure ARP inspection the where connected, and optionally, of ARP which security threats arpinspection and them as DAI trusted If optional arpinspection If DAI creating ARP the ARP ACL Apply the ACL to VLAN arpinspection arpinspection arpinspection
Router VLAN This only to platforms that routing. The following DHCP and ARP inspection routing RIP. The interfaces the switch, RIP both interfaces, assigning each to VLAN, and then DHCP and ARP inspection them: Interface which connected to DHCP VLAN Interface which connected to DHCP VLAN the VLAN, VLAN DHCP and ARP inspection. Since the DHCP the switch as DHCP relay (with the command), to to the DHCP Therefore, MAC (with the command) to allow DHCP RELEASE to the DHCP functionality and from the router interface shutdown interface shutdown router clear ARP Inspection C3
ARP Inspection Commands DHCP ARP Inspection ARP Inspection Commands arpinspection DHCP and ARP Inspection arpinspection arpinspection arpinspection arpinspection information about... to arpinspection arpinspection arpinspection arpinspection arpinspection arpinspection access-list arpinspection arpinspection arpinspection statistics clear arpinspection clear arpinspection clear arpinspection clear arpinspection clear arpinspection statistics this to ARP inspection or and optionally, of ARP arpinspection
arpinspection the VLAN or of which to ARP inspection. (Optional) of ARP that VLAN. Switch command, readwrite. This ARP inspection (DAI) or DAI VLAN, DAI effectively the interfaces (physical or that of that VLAN. DAI the DHCP to that the MAC and the IP the ARP whose MAC and IP match the If ARP This DAI through and of ARP those arpinspection this to or as ARP inspection arpinspection the or to or as DAI The physical or that of VLAN. or the specified as trusted DAI. physical and Switch command, readwrite. arpinspection C3
arpinspection arpinspection DHCP and ARP Inspection interfaces as trusted or The DAI of the DHCP the to security threat. which to DAI physical and interfaces DAI This as trusted DAI. arpinspection this to optional ARP arpinspection that DAI should that the MAC the MAC the Ethernet header. that DAI should that the MAC the MAC the Ethernet header. This to ARP the MAC ARP that DAI should the IP and ARP with of the following: IP Loopback the optional, least specified. Switch command, readwrite. This command of ARP DAI, the basic that the ARP MAC and IP match the DHCP
arpinspection This the optional that MAC the as the MAC the headers of ARP arpinspection this command to incoming ARP or arpinspection burst the or to which to apply these incoming ARP second. The of from to second. burst burst seconds. The of from to seconds. Rate Switch command, readwrite. To the switch DHCP when DAI the DAI ARP interfaces. DAI the each interface If the the with this command, DAI the interface, which effectively the interface. You the to reenable the You both the and the burst The each interface with of to The burst with to to seconds.. The trusted interfaces ARP trusted interfaces to the CPU. This the to and the burst to seconds and arpinspection burst arpinspection C3
arpinspection arpinspection arpinspection access-list DHCP and ARP Inspection this to ARP ACL and then to assign ACL to VLAN, optionally as arpinspection the of the ARP ACL. that created. the IP the created. the MAC the created. the VLAN or to which this ARP ACL assigned. (Optional) that this ARP ACL the VLAN or Switch command, readwrite. ARP to DAI. ARP completely of of ARP Within ACL, of IP to MAC VLAN. DAI its the DHCP DHCP This ACL and IP Then, the ACL assigned to VLAN as arpinspection arpinspection this to ARP information. arpinspection access-list
arpinspection (Optional) the ARP ACL to If ACL specified, information about ARP displayed. Switch command, readwrite. This displays information about the ARP ACL arpinspection access-list ARP 00:0A:11:22:33:66 this to the ARP of or arpinspection (Optional) the or which to ARP information. If specified, information about displayed. Switch command, readwrite. This the ARP of arpinspection Interface State Rate (seconds) arpinspection C3
arpinspection arpinspection arpinspection statistics DHCP and ARP Inspection this to the ARP of or arpinspection the which to information. Switch command, readwrite. This displays ARP information VLAN arpinspection Source MAC Disabled Destination MAC IP ACL Static this to ARP statistics or arpinspection statistics (Optional) the which to statistics. If specified, statistics displayed. Switch command, readwrite. this displays the of and ARP VLAN. or specified, this command displays statistics.
clear arpinspection This shows what displayed when specified. arpinspection statistics VLAN This shows what information when or specified. arpinspection statistics VLAN DHCP ACL DHCP ACL MAC MAC IP this to optional ARP that clear arpinspection Clear, or the that the MAC the MAC the Ethernet header. Clear, or the that the MAC the MAC the Ethernet header. Clear, or the IP and ARP with optional, least specified. Switch command, readwrite. This previously of ARP DAI, the that the ARP MAC and IP match the DHCP the arpinspection to the of the This arpinspection clear arpinspection C3
clear arpinspection clear arpinspection DHCP and ARP Inspection this to ARP inspection or or to of ARP or clear arpinspection the VLAN or of which to ARP inspection. (Optional) of ARP the specified If the specified VLAN with this command, Switch command, readwrite. You this to ARP inspection or or of ARP specified To both and DAI, this This first displays the DAI VLAN then DAI VLAN then of ARP VLAN arpinspection Source MAC Destination MAC IP Disabled ACL Static arpinspection arpinspection Source MAC Destination MAC IP ACL Static
clear arpinspection arpinspection arpinspection Source MAC Destination MAC IP ACL Static Disabled this to ARP ACL from VLAN or from the switch, or to from existing ACL, or to the of to clear arpinspection the of the ARP ACL. (Optional) that the IP the the MAC the (Optional) the VLAN or to which this should apply. the ACL from the VLAN, specified also. (Optional) that should this ARP ACL the specified VLAN or If only the specified, the ACL from the switch. Switch command, readwrite. You this command to: ARP ACL from the switch, or from ARP ACL, or the of ARP ACL with VLAN or or of ARP ACL associated with VLAN or the arpinspection to and assign ARP ACL. the arpinspection accesslist to currently ARP clear arpinspection C3
clear arpinspection clear arpinspection DHCP and ARP Inspection This from the ARP ACL arpinspection This of the ARP ACL that associated with VLAN arpinspection This the ARP ACL from VLAN arpinspection This the ARP ACL from the switch completely. arpinspection this to the DAI to their or of clear arpinspection the which to the to Rate Switch readwrite. the arpinspection to the of the and burst the arpinspection command to the currently This the DAI to their arpinspection
clear arpinspection statistics this to clear ARP inspection statistics. clear arpinspection statistics Switch command, readwrite. This clears DAI statistics from the switch. arpinspection statistics clear arpinspection statistics C3
clear arpinspection statistics DHCP and ARP Inspection
Pre-Routing This chapter to the switch routing. information about... to Pre-Routing Router and of the C3 switch from the switch CLI. to the switch and platform to Introduction Chapter Switches and Once and switch IP and other routerspecific commands when the switch router to router from the switch CLI, to Table Router The following prerouting from the switch CLI: Starting the CLI. the Command Interface the platform such as clock, and Switch the IP Creating and Chapter including or downloading or text and directory and Switch and the switch to router Router advanced router features. Activating Advanced Routing The command as Table and throughout this switch and where the VLAN interface routing. The switch, and the interface and routing Router C3
Router Table the Switch Routing To this this command... At this From router Switch: router router Router: EXEC router Router: interface using the routing VLAN or Assign IP to the Router: routing interface. the interface IP shutdown Router: routing. C3(su)->router(Config-if Router Router interface Router: interface C3(su)>router(Config)# The following shows to VLAN IP as routing interface. commands: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan shutdown The C3 CLI of router of commands from each these of operation. Table Router CLI this To... Access Privileged EXEC operating from Privileged EXEC Interface router interface or interfaces. loopback and the interfaces from From the switch CLI: router then interface shutdown C3(su)->router(Config-if C3(su)->router(Config-if
Table Router CLI (Continued) this To... Access Router IP router and the (and, OSPF, the instance ID from or Interface To to type the To back to switch CLI, type from EXEC router Router C3(su)->router(Config-router)# SecureStack C3
Router Router
Routing Interface Commands This chapter the (IP) of commands and to them. Router: otherwise noted, the commands covered this chapter when the router to router to Router information about... to Routing Interface Interfaces and the ARP Table Broadcast IP and ICMP Redirects To routing interface the to routing interfaces, to the of interfaces IP, to IP interfaces, to interfaces IP routing and to the information about interfaces, Interfaces information about... to interface interface interface IP C3
interface interface IP information about... to running-config shutdown routing this to information about or interfaces or the router. interface loopback (Optional) interface information VLAN interface. This interface IP routing as Routing (Optional) interface information loopback interface. If interface type specified, information routing interfaces displayed. router This shows to information interfaces the router. of this to Table C3(su)->router#show interface Administratively DOWN Operationally DOWN The of this The MTU The Encapsulation ARPA, Loopback ARP type: ARPA, ARP Timeout: seconds This shows to information interface C3(su)->router#show interface Loopback Administratively UP Loopback Operationally UP The of this Loopback The MTU
interface this to interfaces IP routing. interface loopback the of the VLAN interface to routing. This interface IP routing as Routing the of the loopback interface to routing. The of from to Router C3(su)>router(Config)# This interface from and, the interface created, this routing interface. the C3 and their to Table Router created from the switch CLI they IP routing. creating and them IP, to Router VLAN interface routing the interface command. To interface another, type the interface of these commands used, to PreRouting loopback interface expected to This interface the and both and The loopback interface typically routing or services such as RADIUS, SNMP, SNTP, or sFlow. RADIUS with IP the the interface IP as its the NASIP assign where to or service IP the commands.) C3 to routing interfaces. interface the RIP and/or OSPF routing information about interfaces, Interfaces C3 interface
interface interface IP This shows to VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This shows to loopback C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Lpbk this to information, including IP MTU Unit) and and ACL interfaces IP. interface loopback (Optional) information VLAN interface. This interface IP routing as PreRouting loopback (Optional) interface information loopback interface. If interface type specified, information routing interfaces displayed. router This shows to information VLAN C3(su)->router#show interface DOWN DOWN IP Ethernet 0001.F45C.C993 Incoming Accesslist AccessList MTU ARP Timeout seconds Direct Broadcast Proxy ARP Table of the
Table What It Displays... Whether the interface and operationally or IP Intefaces IP and the command as Encapsulation type this interface. the as MAC to this interface. Incoming Access Whether or (ACL) this interface using the commands Access Access Not supported. MTU Interfaces Unit ARP Timeout Duration to the ARP expiring. using the timeout as timeout Direct Broadcast Whether or IP directed the directed-broadcast directed-broadcast Proxy Whether or ARP or this interface. the as proxy-arp this command to or or secondary IP interface. The of this the specified IP and the interface IP processing. secondary] the IP of the to or the the associated IP secondary (Optional) that the IP secondary If secondary specified, the the the interface. Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan C3 to routing interfaces, with to secondary allowed each IP C3
running-config running-config shutdown IP This the IP to and the network to VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the usersupplied commands while the running-config router This shows to the router operating C3(su)->router#show running-config interface shutdown router this to IP routing and to allow the interface to shutdown shutdown
routing Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan The shutdown of this interface IP routing. This shows to VLAN IP routing: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan shutdown this to IP routing the IP routing when interfaces as Routing Interface routing This shows to IP routing the routing C3 routing
Interfaces Interfaces Commands interface IP The commands this section to and interfaces. Several of functionality to the of to These and The distinction that explicitly with or of the the of the from the of routed the information about interfaces, such as Chapter routing with routing these commands to the CLI. information about... to interface interface this to interface. interface interface the of the interface to routing. The of from to Router C3(su)>router(Config)#
This command interface from and, the interface created, this command routing interface. The of this the interface and associated This interface interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Tnnl This the of the interface The of the interface Specify interface to The VLAN switch Router interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Tnnl The of this the the interface The following the C3(su)->router(Config)# interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Tnnl C3 (su)->router(Config-if(Tnnl SecureStack C3
IP This the of the The of the Router interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Tnnl The of this the the interface The following the C3(su)->router(Config)# interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Tnnl C3 (su)->router(Config-if(Tnnl This command the of the interface. that the Router interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Tnnl The of this command the of the
interface This the to interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Tnnl C3 (su)->router(Config-if(Tnnl This displays information about interface. interface the which to information. Router C3(su)>router(Config)# Router this to interface information. to Chapter of the interface command. This shows the of this command. C3(su)->router(Config)#show interface Operationally DOWN The of this The MTU interface C3
and the ARP Table and the ARP Commands IP To and the routing ARP to ARP interface, and to MAC interface. information about... to proxy-arp timeout clear this to the ARP ARP IP physical (Optional) ARP related to IP (Optional) ARP learned through VLAN interface. This VLAN IP routing as PreRouting (Optional) ARP within ARP that with the specified IP ARP matching the IP include Includes ARP matching the specified IP If specified, the ARP cache displayed. router
This shows to the command: C3(su)->router#show Interface ARPA ARPA ARPA C3(su)->router#show Interface ARPA C3(su)->router#show Interface ARPA Table of the Table What It Displays... ARP entrys type of Network to the entrys MAC the the MAC to the entrys Encapsulation type the Interface Interface (VLAN or loopback) through which the learned. this to or ARP to ARP C3 MAC ARP entry. The of this command the specified ARP the IP of the IP the to the C3
proxy-arp proxy-arp IP C3 (su)>router(Config)# The IP the ARP within of the or the routed interfaces of the or The then match the IP of the ARP with the routed interface and with the VLAN. This shows to ARP the IP and MAC C3(su)->router(Config)#arp this to ARP interface. The of this ARP. proxy-arp proxy-arp Disabled. Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This of the ARP allows the router to ARP of to the host. Proxy ARP to routing stations that to the The C3 to ARP of stations neighboring It This shows to ARP VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan proxy-arp
timeout clear this to the seconds) learned to the ARP expiring. The of this the of seconds. timeout seconds timeout seconds the seconds that the ARP cache. of that ARP seconds. This shows to the ARP timeout to seconds: C3(su)->router(Config)#arp timeout this to from the ARP clear EXEC: C3 This shows to from the ARP C3(su)->router#clear arp-cache C3 timeout
Broadcast Broadcast directed-broadcast IP To IP interfaces the C3 information about... to directed-broadcast forward-protocol this to or IP directed broadcasts interface. interfaces the C3 directed broadcasts. The of this IP the interface. directed-broadcast directed-broadcast Interface C3(su)>Router1(Configif(Vlan Directed with while directed to or The directed includes the or with the of the of the to with the the directed would with the the directed would to forwarding of directed broadcasts the C3, as recommended RFC If the to directed broadcasts to should directed broadcasts only the interface that the C3 routed interfaces the and directed
forward-protocol the interface allow from other to directed to the This shows to IP directed broadcasts VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan directed-broadcast this command to UDP forwarding and specify which forward-protocol forward-protocol UDP as the IP forwarding (Optional) that which UDP services If specified, the following used: (TFTP) service TACACS service EN116 Service Router command, C3(su)>router(Config)# Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan to actually IP the router interfaces with the If service the and there to the to the of this command should to the forwarding the from because service them the The of this command UDP or forwarding. C3 forward-protocol
IP The following IP forwarding UDP forward-protocol The following IP forwarding UDP interface. C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan forward-protocol this to the DHCP/BOOTP relay C3 routed interface and/or to with the forwardprotocol to the relay allows forwarding of DHCP/BOOTP to DHCP/ BOOTP that the as the to IP interface. The of this the forwarding of UDP to the specified of the where UDP should Interface C3(su)>Router1(Configif(Vlan Typically DHCP/BootP, when IP DHCP broadcast Normally, the router this command, the routed interface to DHCP through, them directly to the DHCP IP The DHCP/BOOTP relay DHCP/BOOTP based UDP and It then the to the and the to the DHCP The the IP with the of the DHCP the IP with its (that the IP of the routed interface), and Within the BOOTP of the the IP from to the of the routed interface. The to the the DHCP that it to assign IP that the as the IP. the from the the DHCP/BOOTP relay to the host.
IP and Commands other specified through the forwardprotocol command, the UDP as to the specified IP This to DHCP users VLAN to to the DHCP with IP C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan To IP and to router ICMP and to traceroute. information about... to traceroute this command to information about IP connected summary match (Optional) Converts the specified and and displays that match the (Optional) connected (Optional) the OSPF routing OSPF, to OSPF (Optional) the RIP routing RIP, to RIP (Optional) summary (Optional) summary of the IP routing IP and C3
IP If specified, IP information displayed. router The routing active the RIP and to three OSPF learned each This shows to the to IP information. of the shown: C3(su)->router#show C connected, RIP, OSPF, IA OSPF N1 OSPF NSSA type N2 OSPF NSSA type E1 OSPF type E2 OSPF type EGP, IS-IS, L1 IS-IS LS IS-IS IA C directly connected, E2 IA IA E2 C directly connected, Loopback E2 E2 IA E2 E2 E2 E2 E2 E2 IA IA IA IA E2 E2 C directly connected,
E2 C directly connected, E2 this to or IP The of this the IP IP forwarding IP (Optional) this to with higher selection. If specified, the of applied. C3 (su)>router(Config)# This shows to IP as the to C3(su)->router(Config)#ip this to routing IP the IP of the to C3
traceroute traceroute IP Privileged EXEC: This command switch This shows from to IP C3(su)->router#ping This shows from to IP from this to hopbyhop path through IP from the to host. Three ICMP transmitted each the and the traceroute traceroute to which the of IP traced. EXEC: C3 There traceroute switch This shows to traceroute to round to Traceroute to
ICMP Redirects Commands redirect or ICMP redirect to the switch CPU processing, and interface ICMP redirects and interfaces. ICMP redirects reduce CPU information about... to redirect redirect this to or ICMP redirects to the CPU or interface. The of this command ICMP redirects to the CPU. redirect redirect ICMP redirects to the CPU and interfaces. Router C3(su)>router(Config)# Interface C3(su)>Router1(Configif(Vlan You this router to or ICMP redirects the switch. You this router interface to or ICMP redirects interfaces. This ICMP redirects the interface VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->Router1(Config-if(Vlan redirect ICMP Redirects C3
redirect redirect IP This ICMP redirects C3(su)->router(Config)#no redirect this to the of ICMP redirects or interface redirect interface the ICMP redirect interface ICMP redirect interfaces. (Optional) ICMP redirect the specified VLAN. If VLAN specified with the interface information VLAN interfaces displayed. Privileged EXEC Router This displays the ICMP redirect C3(su)->router#show redirect ICMP This displays the ICMP redirect VLAN C3(su)->router#show redirect interface
Activating Advanced Routing Routing This chapter the Routing of commands and to them. Router: The commands covered this chapter only when the router to router to Router information about... to Activating Advanced Routing RIP OSPF DVMRP IRDP VRRP PIM-SM to advanced routing such as OSPF, DVMRP, VRRP, and PIMSM, C3 purchase and If purchased advanced routing and routing the as the chapter Activating Licensed Features. If and advanced routing features, the If to purchase routing The throughout this where the VLAN interface routing. The and the interface and routing SecureStack C3
RIP RIP RIP and Commands router Routing To and the Routing Information (RIP). Table the and commands associated with RIP Commands the associated section as shown. Table RIP and Commands To this... these commands... RIP router RIP interface. Allow reception of RIP Allow of RIP RIP authentication. authentication-key RIP encrypted authentication. CIDR) or routing reception of routing receive-interface redistribute this to or RIP The of this command RIP. router router
C3(su)>router(Config)# You the router to the completing RIP to Table Router This shows to RIP: C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)# this to RIP interface. The of this RIP interface: RIP interfaces. Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to RIP the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the RIP The of this RIP to the of C3
Routing RIP Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# If from to the SecureStack C3, the with the lowest chosen RIP to The to this RIPs relation to other as shown the below. Route Source Connected Static OSPF RIP This shows to the RIP to C3(su)->router(Config)#router this command to the RIP RIP transmitted interface. The of this the of the RIP to RIP This the RIP that as these as rather than that which RIP them.
authentication-key Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the RIP to transmitted the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the RIP RIP interface. The of this the of the RIP to RIP This the RIP RIP and that RIP this interface. Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the RIP to the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to or RIP authentication interface. The of this RIP from using authentication. authentication-key authentication-key C3
Routing the to or RIP authentication. Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the RIP authentication to the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan authentication-key this command to or RIP MD5 authentication interface. The of this RIP from authentication. the ID to or RIP authentication. to of the MD5 algorithm. the RIP authentication Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the MD5 authentication ID to the RIP authentication the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan
this to Router C3 (su)>router(Configrouter)# RIP which to the boundary when crossing boundaries. CIDR, allowing RIP to and routing information the C3 To which interface, the as The of the RIP affects both and This CIDR RIP the C3 This shows to RIP C3(su)->router(Config)#router this to or RIP The of this command SecureStack C3
Routing Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# from the interface This function This shows to RIP the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->Router1(Config-router)#no this to RIP from interface. The of this interface. the of the VLAN to interface. This VLAN IP routing as PreRouting Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# This RIP from the interface. This shows to VLAN as interface. RIP VLAN router(Config)#router router(Config-router)#passive-interface
receive-interface redistribute this to allow RIP to interface. The of this the reception of RIP routing interfaces. receive-interface receive-interface the of the VLAN to interface. This VLAN IP routing as PreRouting Router C3 su)>router(Configrouter)# This command the of RIP the specified interface. This shows to the reception of RIP VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#no receive-interface this to allow routing information through to distributed RIP The of this command clears redistribution redistribute connected redistribute connected connected that routing information directly connected interfaces redistributed. that OSPF routing information redistributed RIP. the ID, internally each instance of the OSPF routing router. to SecureStack C3 receive-interface
redistribute Routing that routing information redistributed. Static those created the (Optional) the connected, OSPF or redistribution This should with the (Optional) that connected, OSPF or that redistributed. Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# If specified, applied. If specified, redistributed. This shows to redistribute routing information through redistributed RIP C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#redistribute
OSPF OSPF and Commands OSPF advanced routing that with If purchased and routing the as the chapter Activating Licensed Features to the OSPF If to purchase routing To and the Shortest Path First (OSPF) routing the and commands associated with OSPF Commands the associated section as shown. OSPF and Commands To this... these commands... If necessary, advanced routing the Activating Licensed Features chapter. OSPF router or RFC compatibility. OSPF Interface OSPF the interface. OSPF the of OSPF interface. to the OSPF router the and OSPF authentication. authentication-key OSPF Areas. the of to Boundary Routers Advanced router C3 OSPF
router router Routing Table OSPF and Commands (Continued) To this... these commands... as the the that as NSSA. redistribution from redistribute and OSPF. this to the OSPF router ID the This IP manually to OSPF. The of this command the router ID the router router the IP that OSPF as the router ID. C3(su)>router(Config)# This the OSPF router ID. The OSPF ID of routed VLAN each interface with the interface command If ID routed interface OSPF, the ID of used. This shows to the OSPF router ID to IP C3(su)->router(Config-router)#router interface clear
router this to or Shortest Path First (OSPF) The of this command OSPF router process-id router process-id the ID, internally OSPF routing router. OSPF allowed or to C3(su)>router(Config)# You the router to the completing OSPF to Table OSPF processid allowed C3 router. This shows to routing OSPF C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)# this to RFC OSPF interfaces. The of this RFC OSPF interfaces. C3 router
Routing Router C3 (su)>router(Configrouter)# This shows to RFC compatibility: C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#1583compatability this command to OSPF interface. The of this command OSPF interface. Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to OSPF the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to IDs OSPF interfaces. If OSPF interface as the OSPF to The of this OSPF routing the interfaces. the to associated with the OSPF interface. or IP
Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the VLAN interface as C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the of OSPF interface. The of this the OSPF to the of the of from to Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan router interface that OSPF routing assigned This overwrites the of This shows to the OSPF to the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the OSPF router interfaces. The of this the to the of C3
Routing the routers OSPF from to Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan The communicated routers of and the election of router. This to the OSPF to the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to OSPF to the OSPF The of this the seconds and seconds the seconds, the of and the SPF to the amount of seconds, OSPF to of that OSPF immediately the other. Router C3 (su)>router(Configrouter)# This shows to SPF to seconds and to C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#timers
this to the amount of of that to interface. The of this the to the seconds. seconds seconds the seconds. to Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the OSPF the VLAN interface to C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the amount of to interface. The of this command the to the second. seconds seconds the seconds. from to Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan C3
Routing This shows to the to the VLAN interface seconds: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the of seconds router to routers interface. The of this the to the of seconds. seconds seconds the seconds. the neighboring routers This with and Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the to the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the of seconds router to from its neighbor that the of service. The of this the to the of seconds. seconds
authentication-key seconds the of seconds that router to the as and from the OSPF the neighboring routers This from to seconds. Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the to the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this command to assign to neighboring routers authentication.The of this OSPF authentication interface. authentication-key authentication-key OSPF authentication to characters length. Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This as that directly the OSPF header routing assigned to each OSPF network perinterface neighboring routers the the to to OSPF information. authentication-key C3
Routing This shows to OSPF authentication the VLAN interface with the yourpass: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan authentication-key this to or OSPF MD5 authentication interface. This OSPF MD5 routing neighboring routers. The of this MD5 authentication interface. the the interface where MD5 authentication from to MD5 authentication to with the of to characters. Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to OSPF MD5 authentication the VLAN interface, the to and the to C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the OSPF The of this OSPF to the inter-area inter-area
the to (type and type to or to OSPF If type specified, the to OSPF Router C3 (su)>router(Configrouter)# If from to the C3, the with the lowest chosen installation. OSPF to The to this relation to other as shown the below. Route Source Connected Static OSPF Inter-area type type RIP This shows to the OSPF to C3(su)->router(Config)#router this to the of to Routers when they to other areas. Each C3 to OSPF areas. The of this command the from summarized. The than the inter-area which than the C3
Routing the from which to summarized. This from to the IP associated with the ID. the the IP (Optional) or If specified, Router C3 (su)>router(Configrouter)# This shows to the as from C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#area this command to OSPF as This which flooded. The of this the back to the or (Optional) Router (ABR) from State the this used, that of the of Router C3 (su)>router(Configrouter)# If specified, the to
The following shows to OSPF as C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#area this to the the that and NSSA Router (ABR). The of this the from the summary that the the or IP the summary that numbers, from to Router C3 (su)>router(Configrouter)# The of this restricted to attached to and NSSA areas. This shows to the to C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#area this command to as Stubby (NSSA). The of this the NSSA back to [default-information-originate] C3
Routing the NSSA or IP information (Optional) of the NSSA. This when the router NSSA ABR. If defaultinformationoriginate specified, type Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# NSSA allows State to This to that allow that NSSA of This when OSPF internetwork connected to routing This shows to as NSSA C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#area default-information-originate this to OSPF which the backbone and OSPF The of this the and/or its associated router-id router-id to the the options this router-id authentication-key router-id authentication-key router-id seconds router-id seconds router-id seconds router-id seconds router-id seconds router-id seconds router-id seconds router-id seconds
redistribute the the or IP through which established. routerid the router ID of the authentication to the of to characters. Neighbor routers the the of seconds that router to seconds the as and from the OSPF This the attached to and from to the of seconds the seconds This the attached to and from to the of seconds of the seconds than the expected amount of the to reach and from the interface, and from to seconds. the of seconds seconds the interface to transmitted. from to second. Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# This shows to to router ID C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#area this to allow routing information through to distributed OSPF The of this command clears redistribution redistribute {connected metric-type type- redistribute C3 redistribute
Routing that information directly connected interfaces redistributed. that RIP routing information redistributed OSPF. that information redistributed. Static those created the (Optional) the connected, RIP or redistribution This should with the metrictype type (Optional) the type associated with the connected, RIP or the OSPF routing type and type (Optional) that connected, RIP, or that redistributed. If specified, applied. If type specified, type applied. If specified, the shortest redistributed. Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# This shows to redistribute RIP routing information to OSPF C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#redistribute this to OSPF information. router
This shows to OSPF information: C3(su)->router#show Routing with ID Supports Normal TOS It router and boundary router. Redistributing from of this router SPF algorithm State SPF State this to the OSPF router This shows to OSPF information. This of the C3(su)->router#show OSPF Router with ID(155.155.155.155) States(Area ADV Router States(Area ADV Router C3
interface interface Routing Router States(Area ADV Router States(Area ADV Router States(Area ADV Router Checksum Table of the Table What It Displays... ID ID, which as function of the type, as follows: States Shows the interface IP of the router to the Router States the ID of the router the record. Summary States the summary ADV Router Router ID of the router the record. seconds) of the record. OSPF assigned to each record. Checksum the to the another router. LinkCount count of router records. This to, or than, the of active OSPF interfaces the router. this command to OSPF interface related information, including type, priority, and interface (Optional) OSPF information VLAN. This VLAN IP routing as PreRouting
If specified, OSPF statistics router This shows to OSPF related information the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router#show interface Router ID Cost: (computed) State designated-router Priority Router Interface Router of the command Table interface What It Displays... VLAN ID IP and assigned to this interface. ID Router ID Router ID this router. OSPF interface which or assigned with the command. to The seconds) to the LSA State age field. State The interface the neighbors). include Router, Router, and Priority The interface which or assigned with the command. to Router The router ID of the router this which displayed. Interface IP of the router this interface. IP of the router this interface, which Router displayed. OSPF These or with the the the and the commands. interface C3
Routing this command to the of OSPF router and its routers. (Optional) information about the neighbors, including the which they neighbors, who the router/backup router the and the of the from the options field. (Optional) OSPF neighbors IP (Optional) OSPF neighbors VLAN. This VLAN IP routing as PreRouting If specified, summary information displayed. If specified, OSPF neighbors IP routing. If specified, OSPF neighbors displayed routing. router This shows to the command: C3(su)->router#show ID State Dead-Int Interface FULL Table of the What It Displays... ID Neighbors router ID of the OSPF neighbor. Neighbors this interface. State Neighbors OSPF Dead-Int seconds) this router without from the Neighbors IP Interface Neighbors interface (VLAN).
clear this command to information about the router. the backbone and OSPF router This shows to OSPF information: C3(su)->router#show Neighbor ID Transit State Adjacency State Table of the What It Displays... Neighbor ID ID of the and the which or Transit ID of the through which the Amount of to interface. State Whether the of this interface or the including and Adjacency State State of this router and the of this router. this to the OSPF This to reestablished and to reconverged. clear C3
clear Routing the ID, internally each instance of the OSPF routing router. to EXEC: This shows to OSPF C3(su)->router#clear
DVMRP Commands DVMRP Interface DVMRP advanced routing that with If purchased advanced and routing the as the chapter Activating Licensed Features to the DVMRP If to purchase advanced routing Networks containing of located the To and the Routing (DVMRP) interface. DVMRP using known as Path router the of the that leads back to the Doing allows to reach (possibly If router attached to of that to from group, the router back the tree to from where there DVMRP to reach that to from group. IGMP DVMRP, and the C3. IGMP, to Chapter information about... to which to the IP routing DVMRP both and each interface. DVMRP routed interface completing the Table Advanced DVMRP C3
Routing Table Commands to DVMRP Interface To this... these commands... IGMP. DVMRP. IGMP each interface. DVMRP each interface this to the DVMRP process. The of this the DVMRP process: C3(su)>router(Config)# This shows to the DVMRP process: C3(su)->router(Config)#ip this to DVMRP interface. The of this DVMRP interface:
Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to DVMRP the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the associated with of DVMRP associated with of DVMRP from to Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan To the DVMRP back to the of This shows to DVMRP of the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to DVMRP routing information. (Optional) Displays, DVMRP routing information, information, or DVMRP C3
Routing If optional specified, information displayed. router This shows to DVMRP information: C3(su)->router#show
IRDP To and the ICMP Router Discovery (IRDP) interface. This to the of router as It information about... to this command to IRDP interface. The of this IRDP interface. Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to IRDP the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3 IRDP
Routing this to the seconds IRDP The of this the to the of seconds. seconds. to Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the IRDP to seconds the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the seconds IRDP The of this the and the to the of threefourths of the which to seconds. seconds. to Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan
This shows to the IRDP to seconds the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the of seconds IRDP The of this the to the of three the which to seconds. the seconds. to Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the IRDP to seconds the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to the IRDP interface. This IRDP to the interfaces selection as The of this the interfaces IRDP to the of the to the interfaces as router to The that the though it to neighboring as router C3
Routing Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to IRDP the VLAN interface that the interfaces neighboring as router C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to IRDP to the of The with The of this IRDP to IP Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This to IRDP the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to IRDP information.
(Optional) IRDP information VLAN. This VLAN IP routing as PreRouting If specified, IRDP information interfaces displayed. Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to IRDP information the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(vlan Interface router and seconds with broadcasts seconds C3
VRRP VRRP Commands router Routing VRRP advanced routing that with If purchased advanced and routing the as the chapter Activating Licensed Features to the VRRP If to purchase routing Networks To and the Router (VRRP). This the of the routed the from router to another the router routers who become and who become the the information about... to router authentication-key this to or VRRP The o of this VRRP from the router router C3(su)>router(Config)# Advanced
You the router to the completing other to Table This shows VRRP C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)# this to VRRP C3 to VRRP The of this the VRRP the of the VLAN which to VRRP This VLAN IP routing as PreRouting Router ID (VRID) to with the routing interface. Router C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This to instance of VRRP routing interface (VLAN) other VRRP This shows to VRRP the VLAN interface with VRID of C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#create C3
Routing this command to router IP The of this clears the VRRP the of the VLAN which to router This VLAN IP routing as Routing Router ID (VRID) associated with the routing interface. the router IP to with the router. to the router owns the IP as of its interfaces. to the router owns the to the router the Router C3 (su)>router(Configrouter)# If the router IP the as the interface (VLAN) VRRP router, then the router owning the becomes the The to other VRRP routers its and responsibility forwarding associated with its router ID (VRID). If the router IP of the VRRP routers, then the routers their and the higher becomes the If the then the VRRP router with the higher IP selected the command, to This shows to router of the VLAN interface, VRID and to the router connected to the VLAN this interface as the C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#address
this to VRRP router. The of this clears the VRRP the of the VLAN which to VRRP priority. This VLAN IP routing as PreRouting Router ID (VRID) associated with the routing interface. from to the VRRP to with the from to with the highest the highest priority. Priority of the VRRP router that owns the IP associated with the router. Priority that the and the router to Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# This shows VRRP of the VLAN interface, VRID C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#priority this to the seconds VRRP The of this clears the VRRP SecureStack C3
Routing the of the VLAN which to the VRRP This VLAN IP routing as PreRouting Router ID (VRID) associated with the routing interface. from to VRRP to with the from to seconds. Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# VRRP the router to other routers the VRRP selection process, informing them of its Once the selected, then to other VRRP routers this VLAN/ VRID know the router acting as of the VLAN/VRID. routers with the VRID should with the This shows of seconds the VLAN interface, VRID C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#advertise-interval this to or VRRP router. The of this the of the VLAN which to This VLAN IP routing as PreRouting Router ID (VRID) associated with the routing interface. from to
Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# VRRP routers which allows higher router to The router that owns the router IP other routers, of this This shows to the VLAN interface, VRID C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3(su)->router(Config-router)#no this to VRRP interface. The of this VRRP interface. the of the VLAN which to VRRP. This VLAN IP routing as PreRouting the Router ID (VRID) associated with the from to Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# This shows to VRRP the VLAN interface, VRID C3(su)->router(Config)#router C3
authentication-key authentication-key Routing this to or VRRP authentication interface. The of this VRRP from authentication. authentication-key authentication-key the to or VRRP authentication. Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the VRRP authentication to the VLAN interface: C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan authentication-key this to VRRP routing information. router This shows to VRRP information C3(su)->router(Config)#show -----------VRRP CONFIGURATION----------- State Priority
PIM-SM Considerations Commands PIM-SM advanced routing that with If purchased advanced and routing the as the chapter Activating Licensed Features to the PIM-SM If to purchase routing containing of located the Networks that the following the SecureStack C3 PIMSM SecureStack C3 as or CandidateBSR. SecureStack C3 should the first router other the should C3. C3 should the of PIMSM topology, and should the PIMSM topology. other the C3 should to streams to To and (PIMSM). This the of learning to where located throughout the and where located and DVMRP would DVMRP PIMSM the topology the routing to Routing Information (MRIB). IGMP PIM-SM, and the C3. IGMP, to Chapter information about... to commands Interface commands Advanced PIM-SM C3
Routing information about... to commands interface rphash This command of PIMSM routing the router to IGMP PIMSM both IGMP and PIM The o of this PIMSM the router C3 (su)>router(Config)# This shows to and PIM: C3(su)->router(Config)# C3(su)->router(Config)# This command to IP the PIMSM router. The of this RP.
The IP of the The the The the Router C3 (su)>router(Config)# This shows to RP C3(su)->router(Config)# This command the of PIMSM routing routing interface to PIM IP interfaces. The of this PIM the interface. Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to PIM IP interface VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3
Routing This command the of seconds neighbors. The of this command the to the seconds. seconds This of to seconds. Interface C3 (su)>router(Configif(Vlan This shows to the to seconds. C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan this to PIMSM routing information. router This shows to PIM information.
PIM-SM INTERFACE STATUS Interface State Non-Operational Non-Operational Non-Operational Non-Operational Table of the Table What displays This field whether PIM-SM or This This field shows the which PIM-SM to VLAN associated with the PIM IP Interface. Interface This whether PIM-SM or the interface. This State This field the of the PIM-SM the interface. or Non-Operational. This displays the containing to PIM One each to which the router connected. router This shows to PIM router information: C3
interface interface Routing COMPONENT TABLE BSR BSR CRP Table of the What displays This field displays which the BSR This displays the IP of the router (BSR) the PIM BSR This field displays the the BSR the CRP This the of the when This command displays PIMSM of the router interfaces. With the this displays information PIMSM the specified interface. interface PIMSM information the specified IP interface PIM. PIMSM interface statistics. statistics VLAN or router This shows to PIM interface information. interface VLAN ID IP
neighbor CBSR Preference CRP Preference CBSR Table of the interface Table interface What displays IP The IP of the specified interface. The the IP of the PIM interface. Indicates whether PIM-SM or the specified interface. This Indicates the which PIM transmitted this interface. This the seconds CBSR Preference The the interface as router. CRP Preference The as this interface. CBSR The to this interface elected as the router. The the algorithm selecting the RP group. This shows to PIM interface statistics. interface Neighbor ID IP Router count Table of the interface interface What displays IP The IP that the PIM-SM interface. The of this PIM-SM interface. Router IP of the Router this interface. Neighbor Count The of neighbors the PIM-SM interface. the routers PIM neighbors. C3
Routing (Optional) neighbors Interface. router If the VLAN neighbors off interfaces displayed. This shows to PIM information: NEIGHBOR TABLE ID IP of the command Table What displays ID VLAN of the interface. IP The IP of the interface The this become active this interface. The of the neighbor this interface. This displays the PIM information IP or The information the each IP group. group-address The IP The known PIMSM information.
rphash router This shows to the RP RP SET TABLE C-RP Priority Table of the command Table What displays The of the which the RP displayed. The of the The IP of the RP. The of the RP. The the RP which the Each instance connected to should C-RP Priority The of the RP. This shows to the each CANDIDATE RP TABLE the router that selected from the of active RP routers. The RP router, the group, selected using the algorithm RFC rphash group-address rphash SecureStack C3
Routing groupaddress The the RP. router This shows to RP that selected rphash the PIMSM information. router This shows to PIM information. STATIC RP TABLE Table of the
What displays The IP of the RP. The the RP. The the this command to the IP routing router The routing shows routing such as PIM and DVMRP, Information the includes and neighbors. information about DVMRP, DVMRP This shows the of this command. C3(su)->router#show Active IP Sources C Connected, interface switched Timers: Interface Interface, Next-Hop or VCD, Source Network Source Neighbor: Downstream Source Network Source C3
Routing Neighbor: Downstream Source Network Source Neighbor: Downstream Source Network Source Neighbor: Downstream
Commands This chapter the switch of commands to To or the function, to and the and the switch, and to information. information about... to clear clear neighbors traceroute this to the of the function. C3
Switch readonly. This shows to function C3(ro)->show this to or the function. or the function. disabled. Switch readwrite. the switch, the linklocal the switch from the MAC You with the command. This shows to FE80::201:F4FF:FE5C:2880/64
this command to information. The or to This the RFC with the specified prefixlength The of the this The of indicating the of highorder of the that the of the (Optional) the using EUI64 ID the of the Switch readwrite. this to manually You specify the completely, or the optional to allow the switch to the of the using the the and length. This shows to completely specify and the FE80::201:F4FF:FE5C:2880/64 2001:DB8:1234:5555::9876:2/64 This shows to the to the FE80::201:F4FF:FE5C:2880/64 2001:DB8:1234:5555:201:F4FF:FE5C:2880/64 C3
clear this to the and router), Switch command, readonly. This displays the and with the and commands. This displays three the switch. FE80::201:F4FF:FE5C:2880/64 2001:DB8:1234:5555:201:F4FF:FE5C:2880/64 FE80::201:F4FF:FE5D:1234 this command to clear clear The to cleared. This the RFC with the specified prefixlength The of the this The of indicating the of highorder of the that the network of the If manually cleared.
Switch readwrite. This clears manually with the command. the clear to clear the This that this command clears only those with the command. The the interface and the with this command. FE80::201:F4FF:FE5C:2880/64 2001:DB8:1234:5555:201:F4FF:FE5C:2880/64 2001:DB8:1234:5555::9876:2/64 FE80::201:F4FF:FE5D:1234 FE80::201:F4FF:FE5C:2880/64 FE80::201:F4FF:FE5D:1234 this command to the router) The to The or linklocal the RFC with the specified Switch readwrite. This the the switch, this command when overwrite the previously C3
clear clear neighbors the command to This shows to FE80::201:F4FF:FE5C:2880/64 FE80::201:F4FF:FE5D:1234 this to clear clear Switch readwrite. This shows to FE80::201:F4FF:FE5C:2880/64 FE80::201:F4FF:FE5D:1234 FE80::201:F4FF:FE5C:2880/64 this to the Neighbor Discovery cache. neighbors
Switch command, readonly. This shows of this command. neighbors MAC isRtr State Updated Reachable this to information. Switch command, readonly. This shows the of this command. State TCP 3333::211:88FF:FE59:4424.22 ESTABLISHED 2020::D480:1384:F58C:B114.1049 TCP 3333::211:88FF:FE59:4424.443 TIME_WAIT 2020::D480:1384:F58C:B114.1056 TCP LISTEN TCP 3333::211:88FF:FE59:4424.22 ESTABLISHED 2020::D480:1384:F58C:B114.1050 TCP 3333::211:88FF:FE59:4424.22 ESTABLISHED 3333::2117:F1C0:90B:910D.1045 TCP LISTEN C3
TCP LISTEN TCP 3333::211:88FF:FE59:4424.80 ESTABLISHED 2020::D480:1384:F58C:B114.1053 TCP 3333::211:88FF:FE59:4424.80 ESTABLISHED 2020::D480:1384:F58C:B114.1054 TCP LISTEN TCP 3333::211:88FF:FE59:4424.22 ESTABLISHED 2020::D480:1384:F58C:B114.1048 TCP 3333::211:88FF:FE59:4424.443 TIME_WAIT 2020::D480:1384:F58C:B114.1055 this command to routing connectivity IP the of the to the the RFC with the specified (Optional) the of the The of from to bytes. Switch readwrite. This command router This shows from to 2001:DB8:1234:5555::1234:1 This shows from to from 2001:DB8:1234:5555::1234:1
traceroute this to the that actually when to their through the hopbyhop traceroute to which the of traced. the the RFC with the specified using Switch readwrite. This command router This shows to traceroute to round to Traceroute to C3 traceroute
traceroute
routing with If purchased routing and routing the as the chapter Activating Licensed Features to the routing command If to purchase routing Networks The commands this chapter of the C3. information about routing such as to the chapters. information about functionality the switch to Chapter information about... to Commands Interface Commands Neighbor and Neighbor Discovery Commands Commands and the SecureStack C3. with routing VLAN interfaces. Each routing interface or both. The SecureStack C3 including (including and to the following information about RFC IP Architecture RFC Unicast Format RFC Architecture The specifies PDU options of both of which supported: byhop options and While options the the following currently supported: routing routing), router and supported. only Path MTU discovery therefore Flow Neighbor Discovery the ARP. The C3 and and unreachability Router of the Neighbor Discovery and Routing SecureStack C3
Conditions of Router and the C3 both and of The C3 both EUI64 interface and manually interface IDs. to the following information about Neighbor Discovery and RFC Neighbor Discovery IP RFC PDU supported, as MTU, and redirect. Router of and supported. Numerous options including router and and Neighbor Discovery and traceroute provided. of features of CLI commands and SNMP. of the CLI commands. The following the Condition unicast-routing other-config-flag reachable-time Preferred-lifetime
Commands forwarding information about... to forwarding unicast-routing interface traceroute This or forwarding the router. forwarding forwarding Router C3(su)>router(Config)# The of this forwarding the router. This forwarding. forwarding This the of and router this Commands C3
the of and router this from to The The of Router This the of the field originated this This the field of router this router. the of this to the to the This the to C3(su)->router(Config)# This interface interface prefixlength The that the of the and the length. interface The the RFC with the specified The indicating the of high of the that the of the the interface type and ID of from pointto and interfaces.
Linklocal of the interface. (Optional) the the router to this with from other that the or Router C3(su)>router(Config)# the of this command to If specify with the to the specified This to 2001:0DB8:2222:4455::/64 of interface VLAN and it of C3(su)->router(Config)# 2001:0DB8:2222:4455::/64 interface This the or preference, when specified when or Router C3(su)>router(Config)# The of from1 to The which other type of connected with of to traffic. The from to when the C3
unicast-routing unicast-routing The when specified the command. the the of existing they assigned the The to created the command. the of this to the to This the to C3(su)->router(Config)# This of unicast-routing unicast-routing Disabled. Router C3(su)>router(Config)# this command to forwarding of the C3. the of the to forwarding of This forwarding of the router. C3(su)->router(Config)# unicast-routing this to routing connectivity IP
interface the of the to the the RFC with the specified (Optional) the of the The of from to bytes. Router Router this to whether another the To this command, the switch (inband) The and the and top of TCP/IP. The switch from IP workstation with which the switch connected through the VLAN (VLAN as as there physical the switch and the workstation. The interface three to the station. This shows from to C3(su)->router#ping count=3, count=3 from 2001:DB8:1234:5555::1234:1 round This shows from to from 2001:DB8:1234:5555::1234:1 this to routing connectivity IP interface loopback link-local-address VLAN interface as the interface as the loopback loopback interface as the linklocaladdress to C3 interface
traceroute traceroute the of the to the the RFC with the specified using (Optional) the of the The of from to bytes. Router this to interface the linklocal or the of the interface. You loopback, or interface as the The and the and top of TCP/IP. The switch from IP workstation with which the switch connected through the VLAN (VLAN as as there physical the switch and the workstation. The interface three to the station. This shows from to C3(su)->router#ping interface link-local-address count=3, count=3 from round this to the that actually when to their through the hopbyhop traceroute to which the of traced. the the RFC with the specified using Router C3
This shows to traceroute to round to Traceroute to C3 traceroute
Interface Commands Interface Commands information about... to This interface, including VLAN, and interfaces, and the interface. prefix-length prefix-length prefix-length prefix-length The to the interface. This the RFC with the specified The of the this The of indicating the of highorder of the that the of the If the used, this The to the interface. This the RFC with the specified interface using EUI64 interface ID the of the and the interface. interface. Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan this to manually interface. You the and or the to using EUI64 the of the the only the and length, and the C3 the The the
This the interface and You assign reachable to interface with this command. the without to manually from the interface. This using the Then, the interface to the that C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan 3FFE:501:FFFF:101/64 C3(su)->router>show interface Routing FE80::211:88FF:FE55:4A7F/128 3FFE:501:FFFF:101:211:88FF:FE55:4A7F/64 Routing Interface Unit Router Detection Router NS Router Router Reachable Router Router Router Other Router This routing interface that with Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan this executed, the interface and You to this interface with the command. SecureStack C3
The command routing interface that with the command, interface that with This VLAN that C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(su)->router>show interface Routing FE80::211:88FF:FE55:4A7F/128 Routing Interface Unit Router Detection Router NS Router Router Reachable Router Router Router Other Router This the (MTU) of that interface. the MTU bytes. The from to bytes. The MTU than the the interface. Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan The the of that physical this command to the MTU interface. The of this the MTU to the of bytes. the interface to the this interface.
interfaces attached to the physical with the MTU to properly. This the MTU to bytes. C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3
Neighbor and Neighbor Discovery Neighbor and Neighbor Discovery Commands clear neighbors The Neighbor to the ARP to the Neighbor the Neighbor Discovery The Neighbor Discovery commands allow to interface information about... to clear neighbors reachable-time other-config-flag This command clears the learned the Neighbor Cache, or interface. clear (Optional) Clear the the specified interface. Router To clear learned Neighbor this command without This clears learned cache clear neighbors
This the of (DAD) the interface when the of Neighbor transmitted the interface, when Detection (DAD) assigned to the interface. The from to of Detection the interface. of which the with followup Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan Detection RFC Detection Neighbor and Neighbor to the of Detection to assigning them to interface. while Detection If found to and the assigned to the interface. this to the of Neighbor that Detection from the of The of the the to the of of Detection the interface. The interface displays the DAD This the of Neighbor DAD to this interface. C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This command the Neighbor interface. msec C3
reachable-time reachable-time msec the of Neighbor the interface. The from second) to hour) milliseconds. of the of RA Router interface configuration:C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan The NS to the of to when (DAD) or when the reachability of This Router (RA) the interface. the of this to the to the of This the NS to seconds. C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This the of within which reachability received from the to reachable. reachable-time msec reachable-time msec The amount of milliseconds that reachable. The from to milliseconds. The which that the of RA Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan This allows the C3 to neighbors. The shorter the the neighbors detected. recommended
other-config-flag operation, however, shorter and This included Router the interface. of indicating that the this router, RA the of this command to this to the The interface displays the reachable This the reachable to seconds. C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan reachable-time This command the other router this interface to other-config-flag other-config-flag to Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif the of the other should to information the to RFC information. the of this to the to This the other to C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan other-config-flag other-config-flag SecureStack C3
This command the router the seconds of the router The from to seconds. seconds. Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan The of this the to the of seconds. This the router to seconds. C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This the seconds, that the Router field of router from this interface. the of the Router seconds. The or the of the router and seconds. of that this router to as the router. seconds. Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan
The of this the to the of seconds. This the router to seconds. C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This router this interface. Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan of router This command such the of this command to This router C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This command the to included router this interface. preferred-lifetime off-link prefix-length C3
The and the The the RFC with the specified using The indicating the of high of the that the of the (Optional) the of seconds to the the that the the of The from to Specifying that the preferredlifetime (Optional) the of seconds to the the that from the of The from to Specifying that the the that this the offlink the that this the Preferredlifetime Router interface to RFC Neighbor Discovery IP information about router Router of and/or associated with the specify the of Hosts the to and that when or router. Hosts the to allowed otherconfigflag The of this the from the of router this interface.
This that both and using the and C3 (su)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3
Commands Commands interface information about... to interface neighbors summary clear statistics This displays the of forwarding and routing Router The of this displays whether forwarding and routing or This displays information about C3 Unicast Routing This displays information about or interfaces. interface
(Optional) information about the specified interface. loopback If interface specified, information about interfaces displayed. Router Router C3(su)>router(Config)# this to the of interfaces. If interface, the following information displays: The and The The The of the or The of the or This displays information about interface VLAN C3(su)->router>show interface Routing Enabled FE80::211:88FF:FE55:4A7F/128 3FFE:501:FFFF:101:211:88FF:FE55:4A7F/64 3FFD::211:88FF:FE55:4A7F/64 Routing Interface Unit Router Detection Router NS Router Router Reachable Router Router Router Other Router This displays information about interface C3(su)->router>show interface Routing C3 interface
neighbors neighbors Source Destination Routing Interface Unit Router Detection Router NS Router Router Reachable Router Router Router Other Router This displays Neighbor information. neighbors Router this to the of the Neighbor Cache. This displays the neighbors the cache. C3(su)->router>show neighbors Neighbor MAC isRtr State Updated Interface FE80::200:FF:FE00:A0A0 FE80::2D0:B7FF:FE2C:7697 FE80::2D0:B7FF:FE2C:7698 FE80::2D0:B7FF:FE2C:7699 FE80::2D0:B7FF:FE2C:769E FE80::2D0:B7FF:FE2C:76AA FE80::2D0:B7FF:FE2C:76AB FE80::2D0:B7FF:FE2C:76AC
FE80::2D0:B7FF:FE2C:76B4 Table of the Table What It Displays... The of the the interface. Interface The interface which this MAC The of the isRtr Whether the neighbor router. If the the known to router. the Neighbor State State of the cache Reachable, and Unknown. Updated The when the information the updated. This displays the routing route-type prefix-length interface interface route-type route-type which the bestmatching should displayed. The of the to and the length. The the RFC with the specified using The indicating the of high of the that the of the interface interface that the with this interface should displayed. Interface of the routetype the type as of the following: connected that should displayed. C3
If information about active displayed. Router Router this to routing information active This displays active C3(su)->router>show Routing Table C connected, OSPF OI OSPF OE1 OSPF OE2 OSPF ON1 OSPF NSSA ON2 OSPF NSSA FE80::2D0:B7FF:FE2C:7694, C 3FFE:501:FFFF:100::/64 C 3FFE:501:FFFF:101::/64 C 3FFE:501:FFFF:108::/64 3FFE:501:FFFF:109::/64 3FFE:501:FFFF:100:200:FF:FE00:A1A1, FE80::200:FF:FE00:A1A1, of the What It Displays... the routing that might appear the of the routing The the routing that created this routing entry. The and of the to this Preference The (preference) and associated with this The of the associated with redistributed Next-hop The outgoing router to when forwarding to the router, the the Interface The outgoing router interface to when forwarding to the
This shows the associated with the type of Router Router user preference. with of to traffic. The with the command. The with the command. The of NSSA this release. The following shows the of this command. C3(su)->router#show Static OSPF OSPF OSPF T1 OSPF T2 OSPF NSSA T1 OSPF NSSA T2 of the command What It Displays... Preference of directly-connected Static Preference of OSPF Preference of within the OSPF OSPF Preference of to other OSPF that of the OSPF T1 Preference of OSPF C3
summary summary What It Displays... OSPF T2 Preference of OSPF OSPF NSSA T1 Preference of OSPF NSSA OSPF NSS! T2 Preference of OSPF NSSA This the summary of the routing summary (Optional) the count summary including and Router Router user the without to the count summary the to the count summary including and This the summary information this command. C3(su)->router>show summary Routing Table Summary Connected Static OSPF of Table of the
Table summary What It Displays... Connected of connected the routing Static of the routing OSPF of of the of with of of the routing this to and statistics and interface interface (Optional) the interface which information should displayed. Interface of the loopback If interface specified, information about interfaces displayed. Router Specify loopback, or interface to information about interface. If specify interface, the displays information about interfaces. The following the of this command. C3(su)->router>show STATISTICS Received.................................. Locally To To MTU................... To With Unknown To To Truncated Other........................ C3
Reassembly Required.................... Successfully Reassembled........................ To Reassemble............................ Locally Transmitted............................. Failed................................. Successfully To Created......................................... Received.............................. Transmitted........................... STATISTICS Received............................ With Received...................... Destination Unreachable Received.......... Prohibited Administratively Received...... Received.................... Received................ Too Received................... Received..................... Reply Received....................... Router Received................... Router Received............. Neighbor Received................. Neighbor Received........... Redirect Received......................... Membership Received........... Membership Received........ Membership Reduction Received....... Transmitted......................... Not Transmitted To Destination Unreachable Transmitted....... Prohibited Administratively Transmitted... Transmitted................. Transmitted............. Too Transmitted................ Transmitted.................. Reply Transmitted.................... Router Transmitted................ Router Transmitted.......... Neighbor Transmitted.............. Neighbor Transmitted........ Transmitted...................... Membership Transmitted........ Membership Transmitted..... Membership Reduction Transmitted.... of the command What It Displays... of input the interface, including those Locally of to (including ICMP). This counter the interface to which these which might the input interface of the
(Continued) What It Displays... of input to their To headers, including mismatch, other count exceeded, their of input that To MTU their the MTU of outgoing interface. of input because To Route found to them to their With Unknown of locally-addressed received of unknown or This counter the interface to which these which might the input interface of the of input because the To their header's field to this entity. This count includes and with which routers and therefore this counter includes the of input To Truncated enough Other of input which to their processing, which of that this counter include while re-assembly. Reassembly of received which to reassembled this interface. that this counter the interface to which these which might the input interface of the Successfully Reassembled of reassembled. that this counter the interface to which these addressed, which might the input interface of the To Reassemble of the reassembly whatever reason: that this count of algorithms (notably the combining them as they received. This counter the interface to which these which might the input interface of the of which this and to their which as routers, this counter include those which Source-Routed this entity, and the Source-Route that the counter of the outgoing interface SecureStack C3
Table (Continued) What It Displays... Locally Transmitted of which user (including ICMP) to that this counter include counted ipv6IfStatsOutForwDatagrams. of which to their to their which of that this counter would include counted ipv6IfStatsOutForwDatagrams such this (discretionary) Successfully of that this interface. To of that they to this interface Created of that as of this interface. of the interface. Transmitted of transmitted the interface. of ICMP the interface which includes those counted ipv6IfIcmpInErrors. that this interface the interface to which the ICMP which the input interface the with of ICMP which the interface as ICMP length, Destination Unreachable of ICMP Destination Unreachable the interface. Prohibited of ICMP Administratively prohibited the interface. of ICMP received the interface. of ICMP the interface. Too of ICMP Too the interface. of ICMP the interface. Reply of ICMP Reply the interface. Router of ICMP Router received the interface. Router of ICMP Router the interface.
Table (Continued) What It Displays... Neighbor of ICMP Neighbor received the interface. Neighbor of ICMP Neighbor the interface. of Redirect the interface. Membership of Membership received. Membership of Membership Received received. Membership Reduction of Membership Reduction received. Transmitted of ICMP which this interface attempted to that this counter includes those counted Not Transmitted of ICMP which this interface To to within ICMP such as of buffers. This should include the ICMP such as the of to the there of which to this counter's Destination Unreachable of ICMP Destination Unreachable the Transmitted interface. Prohibited of ICMP Administratively Transmitted of ICMP the interface. Transmitted of ICMP the Transmitted interface. Too of ICMP Too the interface. Transmitted of ICMP the Transmitted interface.ICMP Reply of ICMP Reply the interface. Transmitted Router of ICMP Router the Transmitted interface. Router of ICMP Router the Transmitted interface. Neighbor of ICMP Neighbor the Transmitted interface. Neighbor of ICMP Neighbor the Transmitted interface. of host, this Transmitted redirects. C3
clear statistics clear statistics Table (Continued) What It Displays... Membership of Membership Transmitted Membership of Membership Transmitted Membership Reduction of Membership Reduction Transmitted of the interface This clears statistics interfaces or interface. clear statistics interface interface (Optional) the interface statistics should cleared. Interface of the loopback If interface specified, statistics cleared to interfaces. Router statistics with the command. If interface specified, the counters statistics to when this This clears the statistics VLAN clear statistics
This chapter the commands to routing and the to C2 and C3 to routing. information about... to Proxy Routing Commands routing allows C2/C3 to routing functionality. routing the switches the routing and You portbased and VLANbased routing interfaces C2 or C3 There existing routing this function that the C2 firmware, release and routing to the C3 as the of the To this, the of C3 should to higher than C2 If C3 to C2 the to C3 to this C3 the the C3 the The C3 transparently the the C2 routing the C2 routing/tunneling the to redirect the routed to of the of the C3 the The C2 only the already the It should noted that only with MAC of the router MAC of the redirected to the On the to the with of of the through L2 and L3 switching If the of the then the based header information. This to the OSPF, PIMSM, DVMRP, or VRRP purchased and the C2 advanced routing Proxy Routing C3
Proxy Routing Proxy Routing Proxy Routing Proxy routing to the fast forwarding associated with each routing of This the of when routing or C2 the to the C3 and the amount of when C2 routing. If the from C3 to C2 the routing To that routing to the of C3 to when elected. At least C3 switches should to C2 redundancy. C2/C3 the C2 firmware (release or the C3 switches. to Related to information. If the C3 switches to existing C2 of the C3 switches the the and the C3 switch that to become switch including interfaces. to the of the C3 switches to higher than that of the C2 switches. C3 switches and and the C3 switch to become the and the C3 switch to the switch switch the switch to switch Preference). switch Switch Switch Preference Unassigned Preference Switch C3G124-48 C3G124-48 Plugged-in C3G124-48 Switch OK Switch Family XGS3 Switch Detected Detected Detected
Commands proxy-routing proxy-routing information about... to proxy-routing proxy-routing this to or routing C2/C3 proxy-routing proxy-routing routing Router routing It with this the C2 switches the redirecting routed to the C3 the of this command to routing. This routing. commands: c2(su)->router(Config)#ipv6 proxy-routing this to the of routing. proxy-routing SecureStack C3 Commands
proxy-routing Proxy Routing routing This shows the output of this when routing c2(su)->router(Config)#show proxy-routing Proxy Routing
routing with to this If purchased routing and routing the as the chapter Activating Licensed Features to the If to purchase routing The commands this chapter of the the C3. information about... to Commands Commands Interface Commands DHCP hosts) and routers) the of assigning IP gateways, and other such as DNS, NTP, and/or SIP natively of IP through the Neighbor Discovery (NDP) and the of Router the of within the from that IP assignment. and interactions RFC There and interactions and the and option sufficiently There or interoperability from to incorporates the of the where IP assignment to Instead, other information such as DNS, NTP, and/or SIP information. The RFC which of the of RFC that router to to the other option the router interface. This to the Information then such as DNS and NTP and/or SIP Routing C3
Commands Conditions Commands Commands RFC interactions, which RFC the Information Option, which as those Option RFC With the to within effectively hierarchical fashion. the of as RFC as routers to and IP assignment. The following the Condition DHCP DHCP Information Option DHCP Information Remote ID Sub-option DHCP seconds DHCP seconds These router commands to the router, relay and DHCP information about... to relay-agent-info-opt relay-agent-info-remote-id-subopt This the router.
relay-agent-info-opt Router C3(su)>router(Config)# this to the router. the of this command to This This to the Information Option. relay-agent-info-opt option option The of option from to The The of the Information Option Router The Information Option allows suboptions to attached to that relayed the router to relay The relay this information to assign to to RFC information. This the Information Option to C3(su)->router(Config)# relay-agent-info-opt relay-agent-info-opt C3
relay-agent-info-remote-id-subopt relay-agent-info-remote-id-subopt This to the suboption. relay-agent-info-remote-id-subopt option option The of option from to The The of the suboption Router This suboption DHCP relay which terminate switched or and to the of the to RFC information. This the RemoteID suboption to relay-agent-info-remote-id-subopt This allows to DHCP the specified the of the to than characters. Router C3(su)>router(Config)#
to specify information the to to These interfaces which this and to the command. commands the section Commands the of this to specified This DHCP to the C3(su)->router(Config)# C3(su)->router(Config-dhcp6s-pool)# C3
Commands Commands Commands These DHCP commands to This information to DHCP the DHCP information about... to This the DNS which to the the DNS the The of than characters. Router C3(su)>router(Configdhcp6spool)# DNS to The of this command the from the This the the C3(su)->router(Config)# C3(su)->router(Config-dhcp6s-pool)#
This the DNS which to the The of the DNS This the RFC with the specified Router C3(su)>router(Configdhcp6spool)# DNS to DNS The of this the from the This DNS the C3(su)->router(Config)# C3(su)->router(Config-dhcp6s-pool)# This to to specified DUID preferred-lifetime DUID C3
This the RFC with the specified The of indicating the of highorder of the that the DUID The DHCP (DUID) of the as RFC (Optional) The of the consisting of to characters. This and/or only. (Optional) The of the specified as seconds or as The of from to preferredlifetime (Optional) The of the specified as seconds or as The of from to of of of of Router C3(su)>router(Configdhcp6spool)# this to manually to to their DHCP to RFC (DHCP) information about the of this to This to to the the DUID 00:02:00:00:00:11:0A:C0:89:D3:03:00:09:AA. The used. C3(su)->router(Config)# C3(su)->router(Config-dhcp6s-pool)# 00:02:00:00:00:11:0A:C0:89:D3:03:00:09:AA This command from and to
Router C3(su)>router(Configdhcp6spool)# This to C3(su)->router(Config-dhcp6s-pool)# C3
Interface Commands Interface Commands Commands These commands to interface as or relay information about... to relay This functionality interface. the containing and/or that should the to Commands the commands to (Optional) Specify that the should the Commit option that allows and to RFC information. (Optional) the of the Preference option. This which from to to functionality Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan this to when interface as the commands section Commands interface as or relay both. the of this command to functionality from interface.
relay This routing interface VLAN to the C3(su)->router(Config)# interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This interface relay functionality. relay interface interface relay interface intf interface the of relay This or If the or then the interface to to the relay with the interface interface the interface to to the relay The interface type.unit number.port If specified, then interface specified and the DHCPV6ALLAGENTS (FF02::1:2) to relay to the relay (Optional) that the Information Option suboption to to relayed Specifying the ID to from the relay DUID and the relay interface Alternatively, the ID as of characters. to RFC and RFC information about the RemoteID option. If specified, the Information Option RemoteID suboption to relayed Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan this to routing interface as relay interface as or relay both. the of this to relay functionality from interface. C3 relay
relay This interface VLAN as relay that relays to the the C3(su)->router(Config)# interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan relay This interface VLAN as relay the interface through which the relay relays using the DHCPV6ALLAGENTS C3(su)->router(Config)# interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan relay interface
Commands Commands These commands to information and statistics, to clear statistics or interface, and to and information. information about... to interface statistics clear statistics This displays the of the switch and, the switchs DHCP (DUID). Router This the of this when the switch. DUID: Commands SecureStack C3
interface interface This information or statistics the routing interface. statistics the ID of the routing interface which to information. statistics (Optional) that statistics the specified interface should displayed. If statistics specified, information about the interface displayed. Router information, the information displayed whether the interface as or relay This displays information about VLAN which as interface Interface Preference Option Commit This information about VLAN which as relay The Table interface Interface Interface ID Option of the command
Table of interface Command What displays... Interface the interface whether the interface DHCP relay or when interface Shows the specifying information to Preference when the of the Option when interface whether when interface relay the of the relay Interface when interface relay the relay interface type.unit number.port Remote ID when interface relay If shows the of the field the option. Option when relay whether This displays the statistics VLAN interface statistics Interface Statistics Confirm Release Inform Relay-forward Relay-reply Transmitted Reply Transmitted Transmitted Relay-reply Relay-forward Transmitted Transmitted Table of the interface C3
statistics statistics This displays DHCP statistics interfaces. statistics Router This the of this command. statistics Interface Statistics Confirm Release Inform Relay-forward Relay-reply Transmitted Reply Transmitted Relay-reply Transmitted Relay-forward Transmitted Transmitted of the Table of statistics Command What displays... of statistics. of statistics. Confirm of statistics. of statistics. of received statistics. Release of release statistics.
clear statistics of statistics Command (Continued) What displays... of received statistics. Inform of inform statistics. Relay-forward of relay statistics. Relay-reply of relay-reply statistics. of statistics. of DHCP statistics. of statistics. of statistics. Transmitted Reply Transmitted of statistics. of statistics. Transmitted Relay-reply of relay-reply statistics. Relay-forward of relay-forward statistics. Transmitted Transmitted of statistics. This clears DHCP statistics, statistics or interface. clear statistics (Optional) the interface which to clear statistics. If interface specified, DHCP statistics interfaces cleared. Router This clears statistics VLAN clear statistics clear statistics C3
This command displays information about The of the which to information. Router The information displayed this the of the This displays the output that DNS This displays the that DUID: 00:02:00:00:00:11:0A:C0:89:D3:03:00:09:AA Length: Preferred DNS This displays information about
(Optional) the of the DHCP which to information. If specified, displayed. Router This displays the with the FE80::111:FCF1:DEA5:10. FE80::111:FCF1:DEA5:10 DHCP FE80::111:FCF1:DEA5:10 DUID: 000300010002FCA5DC1C IA ID: T1 T2 Length: 3FFE:C00:C18:11::/68 IPPD seconds Preferred C3
routing with to this If purchased routing and routing the as the chapter Activating Licensed Features to the If to purchase routing The commands this chapter of the routing the C3. information about to information about functionality the switch to Chapter information about... to Commands Commands Interface Commands Commands the Shortest Path routing It to its of and AS and from of The rather than networkcentric. to which eventually allow its both and introduced: the LSA and the LSA. to as interface with and possibly, the reported MTU interfaces. ECMP includes NSSA and LSA RFC apply to authentication this LSA and the type and summary and interarearouter that LSA Routing C3
Conditions LSA to and AS the of Unsupported the and to routers with or interfaces than router LSA. LSA created. specified as length]. ID and Router ID Neighbors router ID instead of the interface that both and and the C3. The following the Condition OSPF OSPF OSPF seconds OSPF seconds OSPF OSPF Broadcast OSPF OSPF OSPF Default-information OSPF of OSPF Exit-overflow-interval Redistribute
Commands Command router These commands to router ID the router, to router and to information about... to router router default-information exit-overflow-interval redistribute This to this router. router the ID of the router, Router C3(su)>router(Config)# this command to the router ID. This the router ID as C3(su)->router(Config)# router Commands C3
router router default-information originate This Router router Router C3(su)>router(Config)# this command to This router C3(su)->router(Config)# router C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This command to the of metric-type type metric-type (Optional) the information. (Optional) the of the The from to metrictype type (Optional) the type of the The type which type or which type The The type type
Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# this to routing the of this to the of This of the redistributed the routing and type of C3(su)->router(Config-router)# metric-type This redistributed from another The of from to Router C3 (su)->router(Config-router)# this to the to redistributed the of this command to This of to redistributed C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This the of type1 type2 type1 type2 C3
exit-overflow-interval exit-overflow-interval the within the interarea areas) type1 the learned redistribution from other routing type2 the learned redistribution from other routing The from to The Interarea Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# when the The (RFC that to the learned the following interarea with of to traffic. the of this to the back to the The following the to C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This the overflow exit-overflow-interval seconds exit-overflow-interval seconds the seconds which from to The
Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# The the of seconds Overflow that router to the Overflow This allows the router to to the router Overflow State restarted. The of this the to the of This the to seconds. C3(su)->router(Config-router)# exit-overflow-interval This the LSDB the which from to of that there The Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# the of routers reaches the LSDB the router overflow The router than the LSDB The LSDB MUST routers attached to the backbone and/or The of this the to the of This the LSDB to C3(su)->router(Config-router)# C3
redistribute This the of that maxpaths the maxpath s, which from to The Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# the of this to the of to the of This the of to C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This the to allow redistribution of from the protocol/routers. redistribute metric-type type redistribute connected metric-type connected the to redistribute. (Optional) the redistribution The from to metrictype type (Optional) the redistribution type. The type which type or which type (Optional) redistribution The of from to4294967295. The
type Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# The of this the to redistribution of from the specified protocol/routers. This redistribution of and of C3(su)->router(Config-router)# redistribute C3 redistribute
Commands Commands Commands These commands to information about... to This the the summary the router the or NSSA the ID IP or as which and
Router C3 (su)->router(Config-router)# this command to the the that or NSSA Router (ABR). The of this the from the summary that the This the to C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This the specified to function as (NSSA). the ID IP or as Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# NSSA allows State to This to that allow that NSSA of This when internetwork connected to OSPF routing The of this the NSSA back to This shows to as NSSA. C3(su)->router(Config-router)# C3
This command the and type the the NSSA. the ID IP or as (Optional) the of the the of to (Optional) the type: Router C3 (su)->router(Config-router)# this to allow to within the This option should only routers the of this to to within the This NSSA to C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This command the NSSA router to redistribute learned to the NSSA. the ID IP or as
Router C3 (su)->router(Config-router)# this to redistribution of learned to the NSSA this router (ABR). the of this to redistribution of learned to the NSSA. This the router to redistribute learned NSSA C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This the NSSA router to summary the NSSA. the ID IP or as Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# this to the of summary the specified NSSA this router. the of this command to of summary the NSSA. This the router to summary NSSA C3(su)->router(Config-router)# C3
This the of the router. the ID IP or as that the router the of the the becomes router. that the router the election when becomes router. the Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# The NSSA whether or NSSA router to when acting as NSSA router. the specified with this command, the router of the of other NSSA routers. the specified, the NSSA router the election RFC The OSPF NotSoStubby (NSSA) Option. the of this to the to the of This the router to the when becomes router NSSA C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This the of the NSSA.
the ID IP or as the seconds. The of from to seconds. The seconds. Router C3 (su)->router(Config-router)# The the of that elected to its that its another router. This the to seconds NSSA C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This the specified NSSA. prefix-length the ID IP or as and the of the the The specified The of the of highorder that the that should based summary that should based (Optional) whether or the should If neither specifies, the SecureStack C3
Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# the of boundaries. Routing information summarized, or aggregated, boundaries. to the each and the to The to NSSA, based LSA type summary (specified with the or NSSA (specified with the You with this command. the of this to This to and based summary C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This the specified ID. the ID IP or as Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# characterized the fact that AS the Removing AS and summary significantly reduce the of routers within the the of the to
This with the ID of C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This the of summary the specified the ID IP or as Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# the of this to the summary LSA to the the specified The the of summary C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This command the interface the specified and the ID IP or as neighborid the of its router ID. The router ID C3
Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# The its router ID. the of this to the interface and neighbor. This interface and the with router ID C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This the the specified interface. seconds neighborid the ID IP or as the of its router ID. The router ID seconds the of the seconds. The from to seconds. The seconds. Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# the of this to to the of seconds. This of seconds the specified interface. C3(su)->router(Config-router)#
This the the interface. neighborid seconds the ID IP or as the of its router ID. The router ID seconds the of the seconds. The from to seconds. The seconds. Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# the of this to to the of seconds. This of seconds the specified interface. C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This the the specified interface. seconds the ID IP or as the of its router ID. The router ID seconds the of the seconds. The from to seconds. C3
The seconds. Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# the of this command to to the of seconds. This the to seconds the specified interface. C3(su)->router(Config-router)# This the the specified interface. seconds the ID IP or as neighborid the of its router ID. The router ID seconds the of the seconds. The from to seconds. The second. Router C3(su)>router(Configrouter)# the of this to the to the of second. This the to seconds the specified interface. C3(su)->router(Config-router)#
Interface Commands Commands These commands to OSPF routing interface information about... to This router interface or loopback interface. Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan this to router VLAN interface or loopback interface. the of this command to interface. to interface, explicitly the interface the command. Interface Commands SecureStack C3
This router interface VLAN and then the interface. C3(su)->router(Config)# interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This the to which the router interface the ID or as and Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan The ID the to which the interface ID which interface the to created with the of this to from the interface. This assigns VLAN to C3(su)->router(Config)# interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This assigns VLAN to as C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This the of interface.
the of this interface. The from to The Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan this to explicitly specify the of the interface the of this to the to the of This the router interface VLAN to C3(su)->router(Config)# interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This the the router interface. seconds seconds seconds the seconds. The from to seconds. The seconds. Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan The the of seconds that routers its routers that the router The the the routers attached to and should of the the of this to the to the of seconds. C3
This the router interface VLAN to seconds. C3(su)->router(Config)# interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This the the router interface. seconds seconds seconds the seconds. The from to seconds. The seconds. Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan this to specify the that the interface The the the detected, routing The the routers attached to the of this command to the to the of seconds. This the router interface VLAN to seconds. C3(su)->router(Config)# interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This (MTU)
MTU Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan OSPF specify the of the IP that without the interface. router the MTU the neighbor. the MTU than the router the rejected and the OSPF established. this command to the router from whether neighbors the (MTU) interface when the of this command to MTU This MTU router interface VLAN interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This the type the router interface. the type to broadcast. the type to type broadcast. Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan Normally, the type from the physical IP type. Ethernet type broadcast. Similarly, interfaces to pointto as IP routers, the type there routers. as the type the overhead of the router election. It normally useful to to type broadcast. C3 network
the of this command to the type to the This the type to router interface VLAN C3(su)->router(Config)# interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This the the router interface. Router the router the which from to Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan routers the to become the router, the with the higher router If there the router with the higher router ID router with router to to become the or router. the of this to to the of This the router interface VLAN to interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This the the router interface. seconds
seconds the which from to seconds. seconds. Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan The the of seconds to this router interface. This when and the of this to the to the of seconds. This the to seconds router interface VLAN interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan This the the router interface. seconds seconds the which from to seconds. second. Router interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan The specified seconds, the of seconds to this interface. the of this to the to the of seconds. C3
This the to seconds router interface VLAN interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan
Commands Commands These commands to information and statistics. information about... to interface interface This displays router information. Router This shows to router information. Router ID OSPF ASBR Commands C3
ABR Overflow LSA Count LSA New Originated LSDB Not Paths FALSE of the of the information Table displays and features. Table What It Displays... Router ID the router, about which information displayed. This OSPF Whether the of OSPF the router or This ASBR Whether the ASBR or that the router router. Router becomes ASBR when to redistribute learnt from other The the ASBR the router to learnt other or the router the ABR Whether the router OSPF Router. Overflow The of seconds that, Overflow router to Overflow LSA Count The of (LS type the LSA The of the LS of the New Originated The of that originated. The of to instantiations. LSDB The of that the redistributed Paths The of that OSPF Route Whether the from other or
Table What It Displays... Whether The the If the this Whether the or This displays information about the specified the ID IP or as Router This shows to information C3(su)->router>show Routing Router Count LSA Count LSA of the Table What It Displays... ID of the Routing The routing this of that the this Router Count of routers reachable within this LSA Count of this AS C3
(Continued) What It Displays... LSA Checksum the LSA Checksum the specified ID the (LS type Whether the specified or The and This Summary Whether to summary or OSPF of the This field displays the as This to reach routers. Router This shows to router information. Router ID Next Next Intf INTRA FE80::200:2DFF:FEE6:FB6B Table of the Table What It Displays... The type of the to the which of the following Router ID Router ID of the of using this ID The ID of the from which this learned. INTRA INTER Inter-area
(Continued) What It Displays... Next Intf of the the Next Intf The outgoing router interface to when forwarding to the This to reach AS routers. Router This shows to AS router Router ID Next Next Intf INTER FE80::100:1111:FEE6:FB7A Table of the Table What It Displays... The type of the to the which of the following Router ID Router ID of the of using this ID The ID of the from which this learned. Next of the the Next Intf The outgoing router interface to when forwarding to the INTRA INTER Inter-area C3
This displays information about the when inter-area router router unknown as self-originate (Optional) information about the ID IP or as (Optional) interarea (Optional) interarea (Optional) router (Optional) router (Optional) (Optional) (Optional) NSSA unknown (Optional) unknown AS, or unknown as (Optional) the ID. (Optional) the that restricted the router. Optionally, the router its router ID as selforiginate (Optional) that selforiginated. (Optional) the of each type of LSA the and the of the If LSA headers displayed. Router If this without LSA headers displayed. the to information The other optional to specify type of to This displays the when ID specified. C3(su)->router#show Network States
Router A8F2 States Router DD00 AS States Router 8000002C 0C20 This shows output of this when specified. C3(su)->router>show router States Router 32A9 V6E--R- ---EB 7D11 V6E--RD States Router 800001DB 8A7F V6E--RD States Router 800001DA 0F95 V6E--RD DFC0 V6E--R- or This the of this the C3(su)->router>show AS States LS LS LS Id: Router: LS Length: C3
Table of the Table What It Displays... that LSA that router from other originated of the LS type. Router The Router. representing the LSDB interface. LS the age of the seconds. LS The and function of the specified LSA. LS that which LSA LSA of the LSA bytes. Option LSA header. to section A.2 RFC information. Whether the specified type or type The of the specified router The with displayed. This shows to OSPF summary information. C3(su)->router#show OSPF Router with ID Summary Router Network Inter-area Inter-area Router V6 of V6 If this clear, the router/link should from routing of This the AS- flooded. the of This whether IP the of This the of the of This (the `Router' whether the active router. the of This the router's of
Unknown Unknown AS Unknown AS Unknown Originated Summary Router Network Inter-area Inter-area Router Unknown Unknown AS Unknown AS Unknown Originated Router summary Router Network Inter-area Inter-area Router Unknown Unknown AS Unknown Self-Originated Table of the Table What It Displays... Router of router the Network of the Inter-area of inter-area the Inter-area Router of inter-area router the of NSSA the of the of the C3
interface interface Table (Continued) What It Displays... Unknown of link-source unknown the Unknown of unknown the AS Unknown of as unknown the Originated of self-originated NSSA the of AS the Self-Originated of originated AS the of router the This displays information about interfaces. interface the VLAN interface to information about. the interface to information about. loopback the loopback interface to information about. Router This displays information about routing interface VLAN C3(su)->router>show interface FE80::211:88FF:FE56:5D8F OSPF OSPF ID Router Priority LSA
Authentication (computed) OSPF OSPF Interface State designated-router Router Router of This displays information about interface Table the of the C3(su)->router#show interface FE80::5000:2 OSPF OSPF ID Router Priority LSA Authentication (computed) OSPF OSPF Interface State Router Router of Table of the Table interface Command What It Displays... The of the interface. The interface associated with the interface. OSPF Whether the or OSPF ID The ID associated with this interface. Router Priority The router priority. The router which router the router. The seconds, which the interface LSA. The seconds, which the interface The amount of seconds, the interface neighbor LSA The amount of seconds, the interface LSA acknowledgement LSA. Iftransit The of seconds the interface to the of LSA Authentication The type of authentication the interface interface C3
interface interface Table interface Command (Continued) What It The of the path. higher than high OSPF Whether to MTU mismatches from neighboring routers. The following information OSPF the interface: OSPF Interface Broadcast such as Ethernet and IEEE the broadcast. interfaces the State The OSPF Interface States loopback, point-to- router, and router. Router The router ID the router. Router The router ID the router. of The of This command displays statistics interface. Statistics displayed interface the VLAN interface which to statistics. Router This shows to statistics VLAN C3(su)->router>show interface ID Router Count AS Router Count LSA Count FE80::211:88FF:FE56:5D8F/128 OSPF Interface Neighbor LSA Count New
Not Mismatch Destination Neighbor Source OSPF LS LS LS Acknowledgement Table of the Table interface What It Displays... ID The ID of this interface. the of that the using this Router Count The of routers reachable within this AS Router Count The of AS routers reachable within this LSA Count of this AS The IP associated with this interface. OSPF Interface The of the specified interface its or occurred. The of or that this Neighbor The of this relationship or occurred. LSA Count of AS this of received. New of originated. The of the interface. The of the interface. of of received. of found received. Mismatch of received. Destination of received. Neighbor Source of received. interface C3
Table interface What It Displays... OSPF of with type. and of and type. This command displays information about neighbors. interface interface (Optional) Restricts the to interface. Specify the VLAN interface to information about. Specify the interface to (Optional) Specify the its router ID, specified specified, information about neighbors displayed. Router If router ID, the displays summary information If specify interface or only the information that interface or displays. router ID, information about the The information displayed only and the interface neighbor. This the summary information displayed when specified. C3(su)->router#show Router ID Priority Intf Interface State ID Table of the command
Table What It Displays... Router ID The of the router. Priority the specified interface. The of interface from to of that the router to become the router this Intf ID Interface ID of the neighbor. Interface Interface of the router. State State of the neighboring routers. Amount of seconds, to the router the This displays the of this when specified. C3(su)->router#show Interface Router Priority State of the Down- of the information from the neighbor. information from the neighbor should to the recently from the bidirectional established. the routers bidirectional. This the routers, both of which routers or routers. the first creating the neighboring routers, the to which router the and to the DD the router its to the neighbor. Loading State to the neighbor the that received) the the neighboring routers and they appear router-LSAs and network-LSAs. neighbor C3
routerid What It Displays... Interface Interface of the router. ID ID associated with the interface. that the optional the These its This received to rejected (that relationships to there Router Priority Router the specified interface. Amount of seconds, to the router the State State of the neighboring routers. of this relationship or occurred. the of the of the specified router of the interface. This displays information about the the specified the ID IP or as Router This displays information C3(su)->router#show ID Summary Table of the command
What It Displays... ID The ID of the and which The type of associated with this The of the or This command displays the the switch. Router This displays the information. TypeofService SummaryLSA Normal Table of the Table What It Displays... ID the created of Service of service associated with the this release, Normal TOS the type. The based the TOS. It to the least of the type of service the interfaces to other areas. The function of the Summary LSA the of summary areas. SecureStack C3
This displays the interface information and the ID IP or as the its router ID, Router This information displays information ID and the with router ID of C3(su)->router(Config)#show ID Neighbor IP State DOWN Neighbor State DOWN Table of the Table What It Displays... ID The of the Neighbor Router ID The input Router ID. The the interface. The the interface. The the interface. The the interface. State The Interface States loopback, to-point, router, and router. This the of the interface.
Table (Continued) What It Displays... The of this Neighbor State The of the neighbor. States router, and router. C3
of Authentication and Authorization Authentication and Authorization This chapter the following authentication and authorization commands and to them. information about the TACACS+ authentication Chapter TACACS+ information about... to of Authentication and Authorization the Authentication RADIUS 802.1X Authentication MAC Authentication Authentication IP Authentication VLAN Authorization (RFC MAC Authentication (PWA) Shell (SSH) Access Networks containing of authentication and authorization located the Networks The following which users allowed to access, and the switch. user accounts and to to the CLI or COM to Accounts and Access Authentication (HACA) authenticates of and RADIUS or C3
of Authentication and Authorization Authentication and Authorization TACACS+ RADIUS or TACACS+ this accounts. HACA active RADIUS or TACACS+ the user and to the switch SSH, and COM the RADIUS the of RADIUS timeout those locally the switch. to RADIUS SNMP or community allows to the C3 switch SNMP To the switch, SNMP or community The of the associated to Chapter 802.1X Based Network Access EAPOL Authentication RADIUS to securely authenticate and to with C3 CLI commands to 802.1X, to 802.1X Authentication To EAP pass-through, which allows authentication to through the switch to 802.1X authentication with the command. MAC Authentication to securely authenticate MAC and to with SecureStack C3 to MAC Authentication Authentication allows to authenticate of authentication the to Authentication Authentication allows users and the to authenticate authentication user or to the or VLAN authorization, and of service. This the and to (PC to to About Authentication to and Authentication of the of users the C3. IP The IP authentication authentication and authorization of specifically PC with IP the switch The IP phone authenticate MAC or 802.1X authentication, the authenticate This allows both the PC and IP to authenticate and each of access. to IP Authentication IP authentication that should already IP with switches that authentication. RFC to 802.1X, MAC, or PWA authenticated to VLAN of the PVID. This assigns VLAN based the RFC the RADIUS to VLAN Authorization (RFC allows to the should allowing authenticated based the of the RADIUS reply. There three or
RADIUS Attribute and Profile Assignment Attribute both and known as authentication to MAC to or MAC the of unauthorized and MAC the to MAC Authentication (PWA) information from the to RADIUS authentication allowing to the PWA to 802.1X and MAC authentication. to Authentication (PWA) Shell (SSH) to Shell (SSH) IP Access or to routing interfaces based and inbound and/or outbound IP to Access TACACS+ AccessControl security that as to the RADIUS security (RFC TACACS+ TCP and the of each to Chapter TACACS+ information about the commands to TACACS+. If authentication that with RADIUS the RADIUS to and/or to authenticating users and/or The RADIUS that the RADIUS AccessAccept back from the RADIUS to the switch the authentication process. Each the RADIUS with RADIUS that the of the and/or the user should assigned authentication. the authentication process, when the RADIUS RADIUS that includes matching the switch, the switch then the to the physical the authenticating Networkssupports and undecorated. The three To the to to the authenticating (network authentication): Enterasys:version=1:policy= where the To authentication): where the or To specify both and of Authentication and Authorization C3
the Authentication the Authentication Commands authentication authentication Authentication and Authorization The that The authentication. Decorated first the switch. If found, then processed. If found that conflicting To the authentication to The commands to the authentication below. information about... to authentication authentication clear authentication this to the authentication authentication Switch command, ReadOnly. This shows to the authentication C3(rw)->show authentication authentication this to the authentication
clear authentication authentication that the authentication selected the following TACACS+ RADIUS that the authentication that RADIUS authentication that TACACS+ authentication Switch command, ReadWrite. This shows to the authentication to the authentication this to the authentication to the of clear authentication Switch command, ReadWrite. This shows to the authentication authentication clear authentication C3
RADIUS RADIUS Commands Authentication and Authorization To the following: the RADIUS the switch. or the RADIUS and and secondary including IP timeout authentication and of allowed. RADIUS to RADIUS accounting the interface the IP of the RADIUS when RADIUS information about... to clear accounting accounting clear accounting interface interface clear interface this to the RADIUS timeout (Optional) the RADIUS (Optional) the of the RADIUS timeout (Optional) the amount of seconds) to establish with the RADIUS
(Optional) RADIUS information. with the to or RADIUS as If specified, RADIUS information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to RADIUS information: C3(rw)->show RADIUS RADIUS RADIUS timeout: seconds RADIUS IP Auth-Port Realm-Type of the Table What It Displays... RADIUS Whether RADIUS or RADIUS of the RADIUS The of using the as RADIUS timeout amount of seconds) to establish with the RADIUS The of the as RADIUS RADIUS IP and UDP authentication Realm-Type who to through the RADIUS authentication. This that trying to the switch SSH, to authenticate through the RADIUS Network-access: This that the users to authenticate to RADIUS they allowed to the Any-access: Means that both and Network-access this command to or RADIUS authentication. number-of-retries timeout timeout network-access network-access SecureStack C3
Authentication and Authorization or the RADIUS numberof the of the RADIUS from to timeout timeout the amount of seconds) to establish with the RADIUS from to seconds. the IP and the UDP authentication the RADIUS (Optional) to authentication the RADIUS and networkaccess allows to who to through the RADIUS authentication. This that trying to the switch SSH, to authenticate through the RADIUS networkaccess This that the to authenticate to RADIUS they to the Means that both and networkaccess If the or the account to the switch the or the network-access allows to the account. the to or to If specified, applied. If specified, the used. Switch command, readwrite. The C3 allows to RADIUS to with to active The RADIUS the switch once RADIUS and its IP with the the RADIUS This shows to the RADIUS authenticating with RADIUS IP UDP authentication and authentication of pwsecret. previously noted, the match that already as the ReadWrite the RADIUS pwsecret
clear This shows to the RADIUS timeout to seconds: timeout This shows to RADIUS to This shows to force to the switch SSH) to authenticate through RADIUS The the of the that of the RADIUS this Authentication. this to clear RADIUS clear timeout the of the RADIUS to timeout the amount of to establish with the RADIUS to seconds. with the to clear the or RADIUS as the or RADIUS as Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear RADIUS This shows to the RADIUS timeout to the of seconds: timeout C3 clear
accounting accounting accounting Authentication and Authorization this to the RADIUS accounting This accounting information and shared accounting accounting counter timeout (Optional) or RADIUS accounting counter (Optional) counters RADIUS accounting (Optional) the of to the RADIUS accounting timeout (Optional) the amount of Switch command, readonly. If specified, RADIUS accounting information displayed. This shows to RADIUS accounting information. this RADIUS accounting currently and One and RADIUS accounting, to accounting C3(ro)->show accounting RADIUS accounting RADIUS IP Acct-Port Timeout this command to RADIUS accounting. accounting timeout timeout or the RADIUS accounting the of to specified RADIUS accounting
clear accounting timeout timeout the amount of seconds) to establish with specified RADIUS accounting timeout the accounting serversecret IP UDP authentication (ReadWrite to this accounting this creating instance, as shown the below.) Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the RADIUS accounting authenticating with the accounting IP UDP authentication previously noted, the match that already as the ReadWrite the RADIUS accounting accounting This shows to the RADIUS accounting timeout to seconds: accounting timeout This shows to RADIUS accounting to accounting this command to clear RADIUS accounting clear accounting timeout counter Clears the or accounting the to the of timeout the timeout to seconds. counter Clears counters. Switch command, readwrite. clear accounting C3
interface interface interface Authentication and Authorization This shows to the RADIUS accounting timeout to seconds. accounting timeout this command to the interface the IP of the RADIUS when RADIUS interface Switch readonly. This displays the of this command. this the IP assigned to interface as the IP of the RADIUS C3(rw)->show interface loopback this to specify the interface the IP of the RADIUS when RADIUS interface the interface to used. The of from to the VLAN interface to used. The of from to
clear interface Switch command, readwrite. This command allows to the IP the IP of the RADIUS when RADIUS of the interfaces, including VLAN routing interfaces, as the IP the RADIUS interface IP assigned to it this command. If interface specified, then the IP of the interface, both the IP and NASIP. If interface specified and the IP the of the routed interface which the If the NASIP to the IP of loopback the NASIP This IP VLAN interface and then that interface as the RADIUS IP C3(rw)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(rw)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(rw)->router(Config)#exit C3(rw)->router#exit C3(rw)->router>exit interface C3(rw)->show interface this command to clear the interface the IP of the RADIUS back to the of the interface, If the IP the of the routed interface which the clear interface Switch command, readwrite. clear interface C3
clear interface Authentication and Authorization This the interface the IP of the RADIUS back to the of the interface. C3(rw)->show C3(rw)->clear interface
802.1X Authentication Commands To and 802.1X authentication or EAPOL Authentication 802.1X user authorization selected which allowing or to RADIUS To EAP pass-through, which allows authentication to through the switch to 802.1X authentication with the information about... to auth-config auth-config clear auth-config clear this to 802.1X statistics, and reauthentication or information or auth-stats init reauth (Optional) authentication information. authstats (Optional) authentication statistics. init reauth (Optional) the of and reauthentication the (Optional) information of to Used the CLI If specified, 802.1X displayed. 802.1X Authentication C3
Authentication and Authorization If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to 802.1X DOT1X This shows to authentication information Auth-Diag Connecting: EAP While Connecting: Authenticating: While Authenticating Timeouts While Authenticating: While Authenticating: While Authenticating: EAP While Authenticating: EAP While Authenticating: Access Others To Auth Auth This shows to authentication statistics auth-stats Auth-Stats EAPOL EAPOL EAPOL EAPOL EAPOL EAPOL EAPOL EAP EAPOL EAPOL Source: This shows to the of reauthentication through reauth reauthenticate: FALSE reauthenticate: FALSE reauthenticate: FALSE reauthenticate: FALSE reauthenticate: FALSE reauthenticate: FALSE
auth-config this to 802.1X authentication or auth-config authcontrolled-portcontrol reauthenabled reauthperiod servertimeout authcontrolled (Optional) the of the the (Optional) the currently the authentication (Optional) the currently the authenticator PAE reauthenabled (Optional) the of reauthentication the Reauthentication reauthperiod (Optional) the seconds, the reauthentication the reauthentication servertimeout (Optional) the timeout seconds, currently the authentication (Optional) the authentication timeout seconds, currently the authentication (Optional) the seconds, currently the authenticator PAE (Optional) the of information information to of to Used the CLI If specified, 802.1X displayed. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the EAPOL auth-config authcontrolled-portcontrol Auth This shows to the 802.1X auth-config This shows to 802.1X authentication C3(ro)->show auth-config auth-config C3
Authentication and Authorization Auth-Config PAE auth Both Both Auth Authorized Auth timeout: timeout: Reauthentication Reauthentication this to or 802.1X authentication, to reauthenticate or or to or init reauth port-strin or 802.1X. or 802.1X reauthentication or or reauth or reauthentication or reinitialization/reauthentication. (Optional) the to or reauthenticate. If specified, the or reauthentication to Switch command, readwrite. 802.1X authentication the EAP passthrough EAP passthrough allows authentication to through the switch to This shows to 802.1X: This shows to init
auth-config this to 802.1X authentication. auth-config authcontrolled-portcontrol forced-auth forced-unauth reauthenabled reauthperiod servertimeout timeout timeout authcontrolled forcedauth forcedunauth the of authentication allowed the authentication the seconds) following authentication another the authenticator PAE seconds. reauthenabled or reauthentication of the reauthentication reauthperiod the seconds) the reauthentication to reauthenticate seconds. servertimeout timeout timeout seconds) the authentication the authentication seconds. timeout timeout seconds) the authentication the authentication seconds. the seconds) which authenticator PAE EAP seconds. (Optional) the of to specified of to Used the CLI If specified, authentication Switch command, readwrite. the 802.1X to This the forcedauth to ForcedAuthorized forcedunauth to ForcedUnauthorized auth-config C3
clear auth-config clear auth-config Authentication and Authorization This shows to reauthentication auth-config reauthenabled This shows to the 802.1X to seconds auth-config this to 802.1X authentication to or clear auth-config authcontrolled-portcontrol reauthenabled servertimeout authcontrolled (Optional) the 802.1X to (Optional) the to (Optional) the to seconds. reauthenabled (Optional) the reauthentication to reauthperiod (Optional) the reauthentication to seconds. servertimeout (Optional) the timeout to seconds. (Optional) the authentication timeout to seconds. (Optional) the to seconds. (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, authentication If specified, Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the 802.1X to auth-config authcontrolled-portcontrol This shows to reauthentication to auth-config reauthenabled
This shows to the 802.1X to seconds auth-config this to EAPOL or or (Optional) EAPOL of to Used the CLI If specified, EAPOL displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to EAPOL EAPOL Authentication State Authentication Table of the command the command to the and assign authentication to C3
Authentication and Authorization Table What It Displays... of to Used the CLI Authentication State EAPOL authentication each internal the authenticator (switch) the when: authentication authentication and the or authentication and the this this immediately to the disconnected. The through this its to whenever the reauthentication or intervention. While this the authenticator to the authenticating The this from connecting from the It this the authentication the and the authentication authenticated The this from authenticating the with It this or reauthentication aborting The this from authenticating when that the the this the of seconds to MIB). forceAuth allowing switching this forceUnauth from to or from this Authentication each to the authentication of each Forced Authorized Meant to authentication It that ISLs and that authenticate, such as and If to the the MIB, then to the that otherwise to the that Authentication 802.1X this Forced Unauthorized the Authentication 802.1X this
clear this to or EAPOL portbased authentication with the RADIUS and to the authentication or auth-mode forced-auth forced-unauth or EAPOL. authmode the authentication forcedauth forcedunauth authorization This the and to the authentication of the this to forcedauth Forced authorized which authentication the forcedunauth Forced unauthorized which and the the which to EAPOL of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to EAPOL: This shows to EAPOL with forced authorized auth-mode forced-auth this command to clear the EAPOL authentication or to clear or clear auth-mode C3
clear Authentication and Authorization authmode (Optional) clears the EAPOL authentication the which to clear EAPOL of to Used the CLI If authmode specified, EAPOL cleared. If specified, cleared Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the EAPOL authentication auth-mode
MAC Authentication Commands macauthentication To review, and MAC authentication. This authentication allows the to authenticate MAC with authentication The authenticator (switch) selects MAC MACauthentication and to authentication. The the MAC as authentication If accepted, and/or VLAN authorization If the switch the associated and VLAN You specify to apply to MAC when authenticating users through RADIUS macauthentication The of authentication of MAC information about... to macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication clear macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication clear macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication reauthentication macauthentication portreauthenticate macauthentication macreauthenticate macauthentication clear macauthentication reauthperiod macauthentication clear macauthentication this command to MAC authentication information or macauthentication MAC Authentication C3
macauthentication Authentication and Authorization (Optional) MAC authentication information of to Used the CLI If specified, MAC authentication information displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to MAC authentication information through macauthentication MAC authentication: MAC NOPASSWORD username Reauth Auth Auth Reauthentications State Allowed Allocated Table of the macauthentication What It Displays... MAC authentication Whether MAC authentication or the macauthentication command as macauthentication MAC associated with MAC authentication the the macauthentication as macauthentication username of the MAC to with the of the of the MAC The of the MAC as user-name when the to authenticate the MAC other to authenticate the authentication timeout) the to once with MAC authentication. of with the macauthentication command. of to Used the CLI State Whether or MAC authentication or this
macauthentication macauthentication (Continued) What It Displays... Reauth Reauthentication this of using the macauthentication reauthperiod command Auth Allowed of authentications this Auth Allocated of MAC authentications this Reauthentications Whether or reauthentication or this using the macauthentication reauthentication this command to the active MAC authenticated macauthentication If specified, MAC information displayed MAC authentication Switch command, readonly. the Reauth with the macauthentication reauthperiod New the This shows to MAC information: macauthentication MAC Duration Reauth Reauthentications Table of the Table macauthentication What It Displays... of to Used the CLI MAC MAC associated with the Duration this active. macauthentication C3
macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication Authentication and Authorization Table macauthentication (Continued) What It Displays... Reauth Reauthentication this the macauthentication macauthentication reauthperiod Reauthentications Whether or reauthentication or this the macauthentication reauthentication command macauthentication reauthentication this command to or MAC authentication. macauthentication or MAC authentication. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to MAC authentication: macauthentication this command to MAC authentication macauthentication text MAC authentication Switch command, readwrite.
clear macauthentication macauthentication This shows to the MAC authentication to macauth: macauthentication macauth this to clear the MAC authentication clear macauthentication Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the MAC authentication macauthentication this to or or MAC authentication. macauthentication or MAC authentication. which to or MAC authentication. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. clear macauthentication C3
macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication Authentication and Authorization MAC authentication MAC authentication the switch as macauthentication and then portby MAC authentication and This shows to MAC authentication though macauthentication this to force or MAC authentication to and currently active those macauthentication the MAC authentication to of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to force through to macauthentication This the of seconds following authentication another the macauthentication seconds to authentication. this seconds. the which the to applied. of to Used the CLI
clear macauthentication macauthentication Switch command, readwrite. This to seconds authentication macauthentication This the back to the of seconds. clear macauthentication (Optional) the which the to of to Used the CLI If specified then to the Switch command, readwrite. This the macauthentication this to force MAC authentication to and the macauthentication the MAC of the to clear macauthentication C3
macauthentication reauthentication macauthentication reauthentication macauthentication portreauthenticate Authentication and Authorization Switch command, readwrite. This shows to force the MAC authentication to macauthentication this to or reauthentication of currently authenticated MAC or macauthentication reauthentication or MAC reauthentication. which to or MAC reauthentication. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to MAC reauthentication though macauthentication reauthentication this command to force reauthentication of the currently active or MAC authentication macauthentication portreauthenticate
macauthentication macreauthenticate macauthentication reauthperiod MAC authentication to reauthenticated. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to force though to reauthenticate: macauthentication portreauthentication this to force reauthentication of MAC macauthentication macreauthenticate the MAC of the to reauthenticate. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to force the MAC authentication to reauthenticate: macauthentication macreauthenticate this to the MAC reauthentication seconds). This the to reauthenticate MAC authenticated to macauthentication reauthperiod macauthentication macreauthenticate C3
clear macauthentication reauthperiod clear macauthentication reauthperiod Authentication and Authorization the of seconds reauthentication the which to the MAC reauthentication of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. the Reauth with the macauthentication reauthperiod New the This shows to the MAC reauthentication to seconds hours) through macauthentication reauthperiod this to clear the MAC reauthentication or clear macauthentication reauthperiod (Optional) Clears the MAC reauthentication of to Used the CLI If specified, the reauthentication cleared Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the MAC reauthentication macauthentication reauthperiod
macauthentication clear macauthentication this to the of of the MAC to authentication. macauthentication the of to authentication. Switch command, readwrite. This allows to specify to apply to MAC when authenticating users through RADIUS The of authentication of MAC On switches MAC authentication, the MAC of attempting to to the RADIUS as the If and (other than with this command, the switch apply the and the to the RADIUS with MAC of 0016CF12 access, and the switch apply the and MAC of 0016CF120000 to the RADIUS To authentication of to everything the of the MAC This the MAC authentication to macauthentication this to the of of the MAC to authentication to the of clear macauthentication macauthentication SecureStack C3
clear macauthentication Authentication and Authorization Switch command, readwrite. This the MAC authentication to macauthentication
Authentication About Authentication About Authentication Commands authentication allows to authenticate than the authentication to function the each of authentication (MAC authentication, 802.1X, PWA) and the with its this chapter. The the authentication which authentication actually to the or authentication the the command. Authentication with the command. authentication to the to authenticate than or the with each or the of based connected to authenticates, to the authentication implemented, and than connected to the or though or of to applying the the RADIUS or RFC or the switch the of authentication the The RADIUS and of the RADIUS account and included the RADIUS access received the switch from the authentication The of to and Authentication of the this the of allowed to To the of allowed the command. the to the of users and Allowed users information about... to clear clear Authentication C3
Authentication and Authorization information about... to clear multiauth idle-timeout idle-timeout clear idle-timeout clear this to authentication Switch command, readonly. This shows to authentication C3(rw)->show authentication of of users
clear this to the authentication to allow authenticators PWA, and MAC Authentication) or to strictly to authentication. Allows the to authenticators PWA, and MAC Authentication) This the authenticate authentication other than authentication traffic) Switch command, readwrite. Multiauth that MAC, PWA, and 802.1X authentication and the to their this chapter. to 802.1X Authentication and MAC Authentication and Authentication (PWA) This shows to authentications: this to clear the authentication clear Switch command, readwrite. C3
clear Authentication and Authorization This shows to clear the authentication C3(rw)->clear this to the authentication 802.1X authentication. MAC authentication. authentication Switch command, readwrite. authenticated than the the of the authentication which ID and This shows to MAC authentication: this command to clear the authentication to the clear multiauth
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the authentication this to authentication or (Optional) authentication information If specified, authentication information displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to authentication information The of users shown this the platform. C3(rw)->show Allowed users users users auth-opt auth-opt auth-opt auth-opt this to authentication or auth-opt auth-reqd force-auth force-unauth C3
clear clear Authentication and Authorization authopt authreqd forceauth the authentication authopt Authentication optional (nonstrict If user to authenticate or authentication the allow to to the VLAN. authreqd Authentication required. forceauth Authentication considered. Authentication the of users allowed authentication to and Authentication information about the which to authentication the of users allowed to authenticate Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the authentication to auth-reqd This shows to the of users allowed to authenticate to this to clear authentication or clear Clears the specified authentication Clears the the of allowed authentication the specified the or which to clear authentication
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the authentication This shows to clear the of users this to authentication (Optional) authentication MAC (Optional) authentication or Switch command, readonly. If options specified, authentication MAC and This shows to authentication this MAC shown: C3(rw)->show type this to authentication SecureStack C3
idle-timeout idle-timeout Authentication and Authorization (Optional) information about including those with terminated (Optional) 802.1X, or MAC, or authentication information. (Optional) authentication MAC (Optional) authentication the specified or If options specified, authentication authentication types, MAC and Switch command, readonly. This shows to authentication information Station 00-01-03-86-0A-87 Auth FRI MAY type type timeout timeout Termination Not Terminated this command to the timeout seconds, authentication idle-timeout Switch command, readonly.
idle-timeout This shows to timeout authentication types. idle-timeout Authentication type Timeout this to the of seconds authenticated termination of the idle-timeout timeout (Optional) the IEEE 802.1X portbased authentication which to the timeout (Optional) the MAC authentication which to the timeout (Optional) the Authentication which to the timeout timeout the timeout seconds. The from to of that timeout timeout the authenticating If authentication specified, the timeout authentication Switch readwrite. If timeout MAC whose MAC of the unauthenticated from that the specified timeout of that timeout timeout the authenticating authenticated RADIUS that IdleTimeout Attribute its authentication This the timeout authentication to seconds. idle-timeout idle-timeout SecureStack C3
clear idle-timeout clear idle-timeout Authentication and Authorization this to the of seconds authenticated termination of the to its of clear idle-timeout (Optional) the IEEE 802.1X portbased authentication which to the timeout to its (Optional) the MAC authentication which to the timeout to its (Optional) the Authentication which to the timeout to its If authentication specified, the timeout to its of authentication Switch readwrite. This the timeout authentication to seconds. idle-timeout this to the timeout seconds, authentication Switch readonly.
This displays the timeout authentication Authentication type Timeout this to the of seconds authenticated termination of the timeout (Optional) the IEEE 802.1X portbased authentication which to the timeout (Optional) the MAC authentication which to the timeout (Optional) the Authentication which to the timeout timeout the timeout seconds. The from to of that timeout timeout the authenticating If authentication specified, the timeout authentication Switch readwrite. of superseded timeout the authenticating authenticated RADIUS that SessionTimeout Attribute its authentication This the timeout the IEEE 802.1X authentication to seconds. C3
clear clear IP Authentication Authentication and Authorization this to the of seconds authenticated termination of the to its of clear (Optional) the IEEE 802.1X portbased authentication which to the timeout to its (Optional) the MAC authentication which to the timeout to its (Optional) the Authentication which to the timeout to its If authentication specified, the timeout to its of authentication Switch readwrite. This the timeout the IEEE 802.1X authentication to seconds. IP phone authentication that allows and their IP phone to both the switch to The PC and their IP phone together with to the This of authentication inherited from platforms (such as the B2 and C2) that natively users The C3 the IP should integrating With IP authentication, the the IP statically which assigns with VLAN to VID VLAN) to specified IP Therefore, that the IP to the VLAN. to the section the information about that VLAN to that the IP phone authenticates to the the RADIUS RFC and the
VLAN Authorization (RFC Commands The the statically with the the or assigned through authentication to the (using RADIUS the assigned the VLAN as the PVID mapped to the to as the of authenticated the authenticated VLAN to the the from the RADIUS The authenticated VLAN the PVID of the the PVID the or the VLAN specified the PVID the PVID RFC to 802.1X, MAC, or PWA authenticated to VLAN of the PVID. This to as VLAN assignment. Please section of RFC RADIUS to the attributes. stated RFC to allow to LAN (VLAN), [IEEE8021Q], based the of the authentication. The RADIUS typically the VLAN including within its the IEEE 802.1X or MAC authenticator to the VLAN to assigned to the including within The following VLAN authorization assignment: VLAN TunnelPrivateGroupID VLANID to authenticate RFC users, to as to RFC VLAN assignment. information about... to vlanauthorization vlanauthorization clear vlanauthorization vlanauthorization VLAN Authorization (RFC C3
vlanauthorization vlanauthorization vlanauthorization Authentication and Authorization or the of the RADIUS VLAN to VLAN based the of authentication. vlanauthorization or authorization/tunnel attributes. (Optional) which to or the of VLAN attributes/authorization. of to Used the CLI VLAN authentication Switch command, readwrite. This shows to VLAN authentication Ethernet vlanauthorization This shows to VLAN authentication Ethernet switch vlanauthorization the of the VLAN of authenticated the the RADIUS authorization vlanauthorization that that the authenticating to the the VLANID that the authenticating to the the VLANID that the or of to which this apply. of to Used the CLI
clear vlanauthorization vlanauthorization to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the insertion of the RADIUS assigned VLAN to outbound through vlanauthorization this command to to the of VLAN authorization clear vlanauthorization (Optional) which to to If the action of to Used the CLI If to with VLAN authorization and Switch command, readwrite. This to clear VLAN authorization and vlanauthorization the VLAN authentication and information the specified clear vlanauthorization C3
Authentication and Authorization (Optional) VLAN authentication the specified If then the of the displayed. of to Used the CLI If the displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to VLAN authorization vlanauthorization Authorization: authenticated of and assigning and attributes, to vlanauthorization and vlanauthorization Table vlanauthorization What It Displays... as assigned vlanauthorization as assigned the vlanauthorization of vlanauthorization authenticated If authentication succeeded, displays the MAC assigned If authentication succeeded, displays the assigned VLAN ingress. The allows to the should allowing authenticated based the of the RADIUS Access reply. There three or both and known as authentication the to the the the RADIUS to apply VLAN to the authenticating and the RADIUS reply. On this when using VLAN authorization, the should to VLAN Authorization (RFC
Both the to the the the RADIUS to apply to the authenticating and the RADIUS reply. On this when the to both or authentication both assignment) and VLAN assignment) RADIUS to the switch should authenticating users. On this platform, when authentication as below Both authentication the to through assigned of the while assigned of the attributes. Alternatively, to to users using the VLAN the attributes, without to the RADIUS This their the to RADIUS Attribute and Profile Assignment information about and VLAN Authorization (RFC information about attributes. authentication both and attributes. To authentication the and the to both to both of attributes: If both the and the RADIUS reply, then the specified the to the authenticating and VLAN authorization and the authenticating the VLAN specified the to the authenticating If VLAN authorization the VLAN specified the applied. VLAN Authorization (RFC information about VLAN authorization and If the the the specified the applied, with the VLAN specified the If the the or and VLAN authorization and the authenticating then the switch the with the command): If the VLAN ID to found, then that with the VLAN specified the to the authenticating If found, the VLAN specified the to the authenticating If the then the MIB incremented and the VLAN specified the to the authenticating C3
Commands Authentication and Authorization If VLAN authorization the the switch to attributes, the to If the the specified to the authenticating If or the ID unknown or the applied. If the they On switches that the On switches that the the switch to attributes, the to and VLAN authorization both and the authenticating If the the specified VLAN to the authenticating If the the VLAN the VLAN applied. If the they If VLAN authorization the allowed the with the If the VLAN applied. On switches that the On switches that the information about... to clear this to information about the and the switchs (Optional) the VLAN or of which to the
If VLAN specified, the displayed. Switch command, readonly. This command displays both the and the the VLAN or to information about the used. This shows to the and the the VLAN this authentication the both C3(rw)->show both VLAN ID Profile (Faculty) this to the and the switchs that whether the switch or authentication policy-index both policyindex the which with VLAN ID or of IDs. from to policyindex from to Indicates that this command the both the to both the and RADIUS AccessAccept to to authenticating This to authentication the to The the RADIUS AccessAccept to to authenticating the to The only the RADIUS AccessAccept to to authenticating C3
clear clear Authentication and Authorization The Switch command, readwrite. This to the and to the switchs to information about the switchs operations VLAN authorization VLAN should the to VLAN Authorization (RFC This shows to the to both, or authentication both This shows to that VLAN to this to clear or to the to the of clear Clears the the specified VLAN ID or of the to Switch command, readwrite. This to the or to the back to the of
MAC This the the VLAN C3(rw)->show both VLAN ID Profile (Faculty) C3(rw)->clear C3(rw)->show both VLAN ID Profile (Faculty) This MAC to or of through the MAC specified the switch containing the The locked those with the locked MAC that There of locking MAC to first and The first to locking the first of which arrive with MAC locking The with the command. The to statically using the command. The of MAC allowed MAC locking with the command. You the switch to arrives with MAC from of the currently MAC that as of: MAC locking MAC of the forwarding when properly MAC locking security as MAC MAC to something Intrusion Detection, MAC locking to the the to their MAC and to another the the would To and MAC MAC C3
Commands Authentication and Authorization information about... to stations clear clear maclock clear agefirstarrival clear agefirstarrival maclock this to the of MAC locking or (Optional) MAC locking specified of to Used the CLI If specified, MAC locking Switch command, readonly. This shows to MAC locking information MAC locking Trap Static Allocated Allocated MAC
stations of the command Table What It Displays... of to Used the CLI Whether MAC locking or the MAC locking MAC locking the switch and or to and Trap Whether MAC or the this to Whether of FirstArrival MAC or the to Static Allocated The MAC allowed to the this to The MAC allowed to the Allocated this to maclock MAC MAC the and first the this to MAC locking information about stations connected to the switch. stations (Optional) MAC locking information about stations first to MAC locked (Optional) MAC locking information about stations connected to MAC (Optional) information specified of to Used the CLI If specified, MAC locking information stations. Switch command, readonly. stations C3
maclock Authentication and Authorization This shows to MAC locking information the stations connected to Ethernet maclock stations MAC State active first active Table of the stations What It Displays... of to Used the CLI MAC MAC of the station(s) to the Whether the stations active or inactive State Whether the to the first or that of the the associated this to MAC locking or or MAC locking to and to function. (Optional) MAC locking of to Used the CLI If specified, MAC locking Switch command, readwrite. and MAC locking which MAC as as MAC to
maclock MAC locking or MAC locking the and then the This shows to MAC locking this to MAC locking or or maclock (Optional) MAC locking of to Used the CLI If specified, MAC locking the switch. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to MAC locking this command to MAC and to or MAC locking the specified MAC and the MAC which MAC locking created, or the which to or MAC locking the specified MAC. of to Used the CLI C3
clear clear Authentication and Authorization Establishes MAC locking the specified MAC and MAC locking the specified MAC and or MAC locking the specified MAC and Switch command, readwrite. MAC the switch first using the maclock as maclock Static MAC locking supported. Statically MAC the (as as type other and them This shows to MAC locking MAC and this command to MAC to locking clear the MAC that from the of allowed to the the which to clear the MAC of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite.
maclock clear The MAC that cleared to the the first to than and this MAC from the MAC and the first to then to the If MAC from the MAC and the first to only user become the and allowed to the This shows to MAC from the of allowed to C3(rw)->clear maclock this to the of MAC Static administratively maclock the which to the of allowed. of to Used the CLI the of MAC allowed to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of allowable to this to the of MAC to the of clear C3
maclock Authentication and Authorization the which to of MAC allowed. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of allowable this to MAC locking to of first connected to that the which to MAC of to Used the CLI the of first MAC to to the to Switch command, readwrite. The first count when the This roaming usersthe first count user to another and MAC first to the first MAC learned the from traffic.
clear This shows to MAC locking to MAC this to the of first MAC allowed to the of clear the which to the first of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to MAC first this to or the of first MAC first MAC that of the forwarding from the associated MAC lock. the which to or first of to Used the CLI or first first disabled. clear maclock SecureStack C3
clear maclock agefirstarrival clear maclock Authentication and Authorization Switch readwrite. This first this command to first or to its of clear the which to first of to Used the CLI Switch readwrite. This first clear maclock agefirstarrival this command to first to the which MAC from first to of to Used the CLI
maclock Switch command, readwrite. If there first than the allowed then the first to the of to with the command, and then the command, though there the first the MAC to This shows to first to this command to or MAC the which MAC or of to Used the CLI or MAC Switch command, readwrite. this authorizes the switch to SNMP connected that the using the and commands. MAC from the (or This shows to MAC maclock C3
Authentication (PWA) Authentication (PWA) About PWA Authentication and Authorization PWA of authenticating users through allowing to the To PWA, the through the PWA or redirected to this URL the authenticated of the or username and the switch then authenticates the RADIUS If the then the to the the switch. To and Authentication (PWA). information about... to clear clear
this to authentication information or (Optional) PWA information If specified, PWA information Switch command, readonly. This shows to PWA information PWA PWA IP PWA PAP PWA Enhanced N/A PWA PWA PWA PWA N/A AuthStatus Table of the What It Displays... PWA Whether or authentication or of the as PWA IP IP of the from which PWA the authenticated. the command as PWA Whether PWA CHAP or PAP. of PAP using the as PWA Enhanced Whether PWA or of the as C3
Authentication and Authorization Table (Continued) What It Displays... PWA Whether the or user of (displayed) the as PWA Whether PWA or with RADIUS or authentication. of using the as PWA user PWA of the as PWA of using the as PWA seconds the redirected to the PWA PWA Whether PWA or his Auth Whether or the disconnected, authenticating, authenticated, or (authentication Amount of the to to the of using the command as of allowed transitioning the to of the as this to or authentication. or authentication. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to authentication:
this to the authentication Switch command, readonly. This shows to the PWA to this to to displayed as the PWA the PWA Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the PWA to to to C3
clear clear Authentication and Authorization this command to the PWA to clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the PWA to this to the options the Networks or the when the PWA displays. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Networks
this command to the PWA IP This the IP of the from which PWA the authenticated. IP This every authenticating switch the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to PWA IP of this to the authentication the PWA to: CHAP (PPP the username and the and the switch PAP Authentication the the switch Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the PWA to CHAP: C3
clear Authentication and Authorization this to PWA PWA this to to without established and Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the PWA user to this to clear the PWA clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the PWA
this to the PWA Switch command, readwrite. PWA this and the to to without established and This shows to the PWA Retype this to or authentication. authnone authradius authnone with authentication with RADIUS authentication. authentication from RADIUS, PWA apply the from RADIUS to the PWA Switch command, readwrite. C3
Authentication and Authorization PWA and user to with to users without established and This shows to PWA with RADIUS authentication: guestnetworking authradius this to PWA to its unauthenticated (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, initialized. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to this to the amount of the user to to the seconds. (Optional) the of to Used the CLI
If specified, Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the PWA to seconds this to the of allowed transitioning the PWA to the of (Optional) the of to Used the CLI If specified, Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the PWA to This or PWA authentication C3
Authentication and Authorization or PWA specified (Optional) the of to Used the CLI If specified, PWA Switch command, readwrite. This shows to PWA this command to information about PWA (Optional) PWA information of to Used the CLI If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to PWA information: MAC IP Duration active active active
This command PWA URL redirection. The switch intercepts HTTP from the and the refresh the PWA IP or PWA Switch command, readwrite. This shows to PWA SecureStack C3
Shell (SSH) Shell (SSH) Commands Authentication and Authorization To review, and the Shell (SSH) which information about... to ssh ssh this command to the of SSH the switch. Switch command, readonly. This shows to SSH the switch: SSH this command to or SSH the switch. the SSH
or SSH, or the SSH the SSH Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SSH: this to SSH authentication ssh the authentication Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SSH ssh C3
Access Access Commands access-lists Authentication and Authorization Router: These commands when the router only. to router to Router to the Release Notes that apply to To and security which or to routing interfaces based and IP information about... to access-lists access-list access-list access-group this to IP when operating router accesslists accesslist (Optional) information and If specified, the of displayed. router This shows to IP This which or ICMP, UDP and IP based with of the accesslist commands. to accesslist to accesslist
access-list C3(su)->router#show access-lists IP tcp tcp tcp this command to IP when operating router The of this the or entry. To ACL entry: access-list access-list-number source-wildcard access-list access-list-number To or ACL entry: access-list access-list-number source-wildcard To within ACL: access-list access-list-number accesslistnumber from to the accesslist command, whole accesslist, or the with the optional Specify of the and numbers. or specified the or from which the options IP or of (A.B.C.D) IP of sourcewildcard (Optional) the to the access-list C3
access-list access-list Authentication and Authorization (Optional) this specified existing ACL, or specified with this (Optional) of another entry. Destination the of the existing which this Source1 or the first the to Source2 (optional) the the to If specified, the If or specified, the to the If specified with C3(su)>router(Config)# to to Access to interfaces the accessgroup as their This shows to with three that allow to those the three specified The wildcard apply to the of the with that match the rejected: C3(su)->router(Config)#access-list C3(su)->router(Config)#access-list C3(su)->router(Config)#access-list This to the of ACL C3(su)->router(Config)#access-list this command to IP when operating router The of this command the or entry: To ACL entry: access-list access-list-number source-wildcard destination-wildcard access-list access-list-number To or ACL entry: access-list access-list-number source-wildcard destination-wildcard
To within ACL: access-list access-list-number accesslistnumber from to the accesslist command, whole accesslist, or the with the optional Specify of the and numbers. or IP which to or access. and their tcp the or from which the options IP or of (A.B.C.D) IP of sourcewildcard (Optional) the to the (Optional) to TCP or UDP and/or to the specified from to This when specify the the or to which the options IP (A.B.C.D) IP of destinationwildcard (Optional) the to the (Optional) this specified existing ACL, or specified with this entry. (Optional) of another Destination the of the existing which this Source1 or the first the to Source2 (optional) the the to If specified, the If or specified, the to the If specified with only access-list C3
access-group access-group Authentication and Authorization If specified, TCP/UDP the and applying the C3(su)>router(Config)# to interfaces using the accessgroup as accessgroup accesslistnumbers to to as their entry. This shows to to ICMP from and C3(su)->router(Config)#access-list ICMP This to that allows the with IP to SSH to TCP C3(su)->router(Config)#access-list tcp This to that allows SNMP (from UDP to from IP within the to C3(su)->router(Config)#access-list this command to apply to inbound interface when operating router The of this command the specified access-group access-list-number access-group access-list-number accesslistnumber the of the to to the This from to inbound Interface C3(su)>router(Configif(Vlan
routing interface. to inbound only. Access to routed which incorporate This shows to apply inbound the VLAN interface. Through the of with the routed. the with other the VLAN interface C3(su)->router(Config)#access-list C3(su)->router(Config)#interface C3(su)->router(Config-if(Vlan access-group C3 access-group
Authentication and Authorization
This chapter information about the commands to and TACACS+ Access AccessControl TACACS+ security that services authentication, CLI authorization, and CLI access. It as to the RADIUS security (RFC TACACS+ TCP and the of each Based the TACACS RFC TACACS+ unpublished and The TACACS+ January, information about TACACS+ to the TACACS+ located the information about... to clear clear singleconnect singleconnect interface interface clear interface TACACS+ C3
TACACS+ this to the TACACS+ information and (Optional) the TACACS+ If specified, TACACS+ information displayed. Switch command, ReadOnly. This shows to TACACS information. C3(ro)->show TACACS+ TACACS+ accounting TACACS+ authorization TACACS+ auccounting TACACS+ TACACS+ service: TACACS+ authorization A-V access-level read-only read-write TACACS+ IP Timeout Table of the Table What displays... TACACS+ Whether the TACACS+ or TACACS+ accounting Whether TACACS+ accounting or TACACS+ command Whether TACACS+ authorization or authorization TACACS+ accounting Whether TACACS+ command accounting or
TACACS+ Table (Continued) What displays... TACACS+ singleconnect Whether TACACS+ singleconnect or TACACS+ service The of the service that the TACACS+ authorization. the service TACACS+ authorization the that to the read-only A-V read-write and the service authorization. TACACS+ the TACACS+ information the TACACS+ this to or the TACACS+ or the TACACS Switch command, ReadWrite. The TACACS+ the switch anytime, with or without TACACS+ If the TACACS+ offline and TACACS+ the authentication switched to RADIUS or This shows to the TACACS+ this to the TACACS+ the TACACS+ TCP The and shown the the C3
TACACS+ the of the TACACS+ The of from to the TACACS+ Switch command, ReadOnly. This displays information TACACS+ C3(ro)->show TACACS+ IP Timeout this to the TACACS+ to the TACACS+ You the timeout or or the IP TCP and simplicity, shown. timeout seconds Specify the timeout TACACS+ the TACACS+ The of from to timeout seconds the timeout the specified seconds. The of seconds from to seconds. The timeout seconds. Specify the IP of the TACACS+ Specify the TCP the TACACS+ The of from to typically, specified. Specify the (shared the TACACS+ TACACS+ TACACS+ the timeout seconds.
clear TACACS+ clear Switch command, ReadWrite. to TACACS+ with the of the highest priority. If to the timeout or the using the timeout least and the switch with the the switch the priority. If the switch trying to authenticate when the or the (readonly received, the switch to authenticate If user already authenticated and authorized, then the without authentication. The authorize or account the that Since ID associated with each accounting there to the accounting information associated with the using the ID. to containing the reason the This TACACS+ Then, the timeout of seconds to seconds. timeout this to or TACACS+ or to the timeout to its or TACACS+ clear timeout that TACACS+ should affected. TACACS+ to affected. timeout (Optional) the timeout to its of seconds. If timeout specified, the affected TACACS+ Switch command, ReadWrite. C3
TACACS+ This TACACS+ C3(rw)->clear This the timeout to its of seconds TACACS+ C3(rw)->clear timeout this to the TACACS+ authorization accounting authorization authorization accounting accounting Switch command, ReadOnly. This shows to authorization information: C3(ro)->show authorization TACACS+ service: TACACS+ authorization A-V access-level read-only read-write This shows to accounting C3(ro)->show accounting TACACS+ accounting
TACACS+ this to or TACACS+ accounting, or to TACACS+ authorization simplicity, shown accounting and authorization. accounting authorization service read-only read-write accounting that TACACS+ accounting or TACACS+ accounting. authorization that TACACS+ authorization service the of the service that the TACACS+ from the TACACS+ The specified match the of service the The service readonly that the readonly should matched to the TACACS+ of specified and and readwrite that the readwrite should matched to the TACACS+ of specified and and that the should matched to the TACACS+ of specified and and Switch command, ReadWrite. accounting the TACACS+ accounting information, such as and IP of the and forth, each authorized the TACACS+ the switch (with the command), the authorization with this the to the TACACS+ when initiated the switch. The match service and the the to authorized. If the match, the allowed. C3
TACACS+ clear clear The service and character and TACACS+ ID associated with each accounting there to the accounting information associated with the the ID. This the service the TACACS+ as the service basic. authorization service This the readwrite to with the of the TACACS+ authorization read-write This TACACS+ accounting. accounting this command to the TACACS+ authorization to their clear authorization service read-only read-write authorization Clears the TACACS+ authorization service Clears the TACACS+ authorization service to the of readonly Clears the TACACS+ authorization readonly to their of and readwrite Clears the TACACS+ authorization readwrite to their of and Clears the TACACS+ authorization to their of and At least of the authorization specified. Switch command, ReadWrite. This shows to the service to the of authorization service This shows to the authorization to their C3(rw)->clear authorization service read-only read-write
TACACS+ command this command to the or of TACACS+ accounting or authorization command accounting authorization accounting the of TACACS+ accounting authorization the of TACACS+ authorization Switch command, ReadWrite. This shows to the of the TACACS+ authorization. C3(rw)->show command authorization TACACS+ authorization this to or TACACS+ accounting or authorization accounting authorization accounting TACACS+ accounting or authorization to or authorization or accounting or authorization Switch command, ReadWrite. accounting or authorization TACACS+ to the within authorized C3
TACACS+ singleconnect singleconnect singleconnect accounting the TACACS+ accounting information, such as and IP of the and forth, each command the authorization the TACACS+ whether each that authorized and or If the authorization the This shows to TACACS+ authorization authorization this to the of the TACACS+ to TCP singleconnect Switch command, ReadWrite. This shows to the of the TACACS+ to C3(rw)->show singleconnect TACACS+ this to or the of the TACACS+ to TCP the TACACS+ TCP to TACACS+ singleconnect or the to TCP
interface TACACS+ interface interface Switch command, ReadWrite. This shows to singleconnect this to the interface the IP of the TACACS+ the switch. interface Switch readonly. This displays the of this command. this the IP assigned to interface as the IP of the TACACS+ the switch. C3(rw)->show interface this command to specify the interface the IP of the TACACS+ the switch. interface loopback loopback the interface to used. The of from to C3
TACACS+ clear interface clear interface the VLAN interface to used. The of from to Switch command, readwrite. This command allows to the IP the TACACS+ the switch when of the interfaces, including VLAN routing interfaces, as the IP the TACACS+ interface IP assigned to this command. If interface specified, then the IP of the interface used. If interface with this command, restricted to that interface the reached from that interface. the transmitted the first from the the interface. If loopback interface and there to the the outgoing interface based the from the then received the interface. If therefore, loopback interface should This IP VLAN interface and then that interface as the TACACS+ IP C3(rw)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(rw)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(rw)->router(Config)#exit C3(rw)->router#exit C3(rw)->router>exit interface C3(rw)->show interface this command to clear the interface the IP of the TACACS+ back to the of the interface. clear interface
clear interface TACACS+ Switch command, readwrite. This command the interface the IP of the TACACS+ back to the of the interface. C3(rw)->show interface C3(rw)->clear interface C3
TACACS+ clear interface
Network This chapter information about the commands to and the information about... to Commands sFlow highspeed switched and routed sFlow built network and activity, effective and of sFlow consists of sFlow the such as switch or router, and sFlow Collector. The sFlow to statistics from the it and immediately the statistics to sFlow Collector sFlow The sFlow of packetbased of switched or routed Flows, and timebased of counters. of the sFlow from sFlow.org The of sFlow to of switch, with the distributed switching performance. Notes information.) sFlow memory or CPU flow the switch they immediately the to the sFlow Collector. The to the (The to the The sFlow Collector from switches, of the whole The sFlow Collector whatever found the TCP/IP, IPX, There the switch to and sFlow C3
sFlow Definitions sFlow Functionality The following of the sFlow terms and Table Definitions Definition Source Source to location within Network that Sources include interfaces, physical within the such as the backplane, and Flow Flow as the or that through Network (That the that as it received interface, subjected to switching/ routing and then another interface). Flow Flow to the selection of of the Source. Rate The Rate the ratio of the Source to the The Counter sFlow Instance Instance to associated with Source. sFlow The sFlow interface the sFlow Instances within sFlow Collector sFlow Collector sFlow from or sFlow The sFlow Collector sFlow Instances the the sFlow sFlow sFlow UDP that the and information about the and flow and counter Instances associated with Sources within the sFlow flow and counter as of integrated Both of steady, of sFlow to to the sFlow Collector. Counter to these to sFlow Instance with The flow the of records. to counter sFlow Instance with The counter the of counter records. The sFlow counter records and flow records and them the of to sFlow Collectors. of the sFlow packetbased of switched or routed flows, and timebased of counters.
sFlow Flow Counter Notes The flow each sFlow Instance that Source chance of irrespective of the flow(s) to which accomplished as follows: arrives interface, the Network to whether the should If the interface assigned the switching/ routing function. At this whether or to the The counter that with each the counter reaches the counter indicating to the The of the counter to where the of the flow the of Flow Records. Flow Record information about the of flow, including: Information the header, length, and Information about the the through the including information relating to the selection of the forwarding path. The of the counter to, counters associated with Sources. assigned to each sFlow Instance associated with Source. Counter accomplished as follows: The sFlow of counter Flow the sFlow the of counter and counters to the least recently first. Counters only to the the within of failing to the Periodically, every second, the the of counter and counters that to to the The of counters Section of the sFlow from sFlow.org Although the switch the to to that CPU compromised, the of sFlow that switch or of switches to of There the of that the switch that the to count and therefore correctly and of to the sFlow Collector. heavy this and therefore the of the C3
sFlow Commands Commands sFlow and The sFlow includes: sFlow Collector information to the sFlow the switch. to Collectors The information the sFlowReceiverTable. and flow instances each and sFlow counter instances each The following of the commands to sFlow: Collector and sflow timeout sflow instances through #assign to sFlow Collector sflow sflow maxheadersize sflow counter instances through #assign to sFlow Collector sflow sflow information about... to sflow receivers sflow sflow sflow clear sflow sflow sflow clear sflow sflow sflow clear sflow
sflow receivers sFlow sflow receivers information about... to sflow interface sflow interface clear sflow interface sflow this command to the of the or to information about sFlow Collector the sflow receivers (Optional) Collector to information about. The of the sFlow Table displayed. Switch command, readonly. this without specifying the sFlow displays information about the Collectors the switch. If specify Collector its information that Collector. This the sflow receivers IP C3
sFlow sflow receivers This displays information about the Collector with sflow receivers IP Address: The following the sflow receivers What displays... of Collector the sFlow to Collectors Identity of the Collector. that the and assigned to or instance. The with the sflow command. The seconds, the or released and to this receiver/Collector. The timeout with the sflow command. IP The IP of this receiver/Collector. The IP with the sflow command. Whether the Collector IP or The UDP this receiver/Collector to which should The which with the sflow command. the formatting the The of that to this receiver/Collector. The bytes, which with the sflow command.
sflow owner sFlow sflow sflow this to the identity and timeout sFlow Collector the switchs sflow owner-string timeout timeout the Receivers Table the receiver/Collector The from to ownerstring The identity of the receiver/Collector The to characters length. timeout timeout The seconds, the receiver/Collector and associated and The from to seconds. Switch command, readwrite. sFlow Collector to assigned to from the the switch, that Collector the switchs sFlow Receivers identity timeout and the IP of the Collector. the IP with the sflow command. without identity and assigned as to or instances. Once the this the receiver/Collector and the and associated with this Collector and from the switchs to to the Collector the Collector with timeout and and Therefore, should the timeout to the that reasonable This the sFlow C3 sflow timeout this command to the IP of sFlow Collector the switchs sFlow sflow C3
sflow sflow the sFlow Receivers Table the receiver/Collector The from to The IP of the receiver/Collector IP of that to the Collector. The IP Switch command, readwrite. sFlow Collector to assigned to from the sFlow the switch, that Collector the switchs sFlow identity timeout and the IP of the Collector. the identity and timeout with the sflow command. to Collector whose the sFlow Table IP of This IP of to sflow this command to the of that sflow Index the sFlow the receiver/Collector The from to the of that This should to of the sFlow The of from to The bytes.
sflow sFlow sflow clear sflow Switch command, readwrite. This the to sflow this to the UDP the to which the switch sflow Index the sFlow Table the receiver/Collector The from to the UDP the receiver/Collector to which the should the The Switch command, readwrite. This the the Collector to sflow this command to receiver/Collector from the sFlow or to to their the Collector. clear sflow timeout the sFlow Table the receiver/Collector The from to (Optional) Clear the IP to to Collectors with IP of (Optional) the to bytes. C3
sFlow sflow sflow (Optional) Clear the identity the sFlow without identity unclaimed. timeout (Optional) Clear the timeout of the specified entry. (Optional) Clear the UDP the receiver/Collector to which the should The to the of If optional specified, the cleared. Switch command, readwrite. You clear the IP or UDP without from the sFlow If clear the or timeout, the cleared. If and of the optional the cleared. Once cleared, and associated with that from the switch This the to the of the Collector with sflow this to instances or sflow seconds the or which the instance the sFlow Table the receiver/Collector with which the instance associated. The from to seconds the which from to seconds. of counter The seconds, which counter Switch command, readwrite.
sflow sFlow sflow instance counter the to which to information. You first receiver/Collector the sFlow Table with the instance, the or cleared from the sFlow and instances associated with that cleared from the switchs The following instances through and them with Then, of seconds sflow sflow this to information about instances. sflow Switch command, readonly. This displays the of this command. sflow Source C3
clear sflow clear sflow sflow this command to the or to instances. clear sflow the or which the instance cleared. (Optional) that the should cleared to of counter If specified, the instance cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This the instance sflow this to instances or sflow maxheadersize the or which the instance the Table the receiver/Collector with which the instance associated. The from to maxheadersize the of that should from the The from to bytes. The bytes. the from this The of the of from which the from this The from to of The
sflow sFlow sflow Switch command, readwrite. instance flow the to which to information. You first receiver/Collector the Table with the instance, the or of from or cleared from the sFlow and instances associated with that cleared from the switchs of instances switch or of switches. The following instances through and them with Then, of The header of used. sflow sflow this to information about instances. sflow Switch command, readonly. This the of this command. sflow Source Rate SecureStack C3
sFlow clear sflow clear sflow sflow interface this command to the or header or to instances. clear sflow maxheadersize the or which the instance cleared. maxheadersize (Optional) that the header should cleared to the of bytes. (Optional) that the should cleared to the of which the instance. If neither optional specified, the instance cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This the instance sflow this to the interface the IP of the sFlow when to the sFlow Collector. sflow interface loopback loopback the loopback interface to used. The of from to
sflow interface sFlow sflow interface the VLAN interface to used. The of from to Switch command, readwrite. This allows to the interface the when to the Collector. of the interfaces, including VLAN routing interfaces, as the interface. interface IP assigned to this command. If interface specified, then the VLAN as the interface. If interface with this command, restricted to that interface the reached from that interface. the transmitted the first from the received the interface. If loopback interface and there to the the outgoing interface based the from the then the interface. If redundancy required, therefore, loopback interface should This IP VLAN interface and then that interface as the interface the sFlow C3(rw)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(rw)->router(Config-if(Vlan C3(rw)->router(Config)#exit C3(rw)->router#exit C3(rw)->router>exit sflow interface C3(rw)->show sflow interface this command to the interface the sFlow when to the Collector. sflow interface C3
sFlow clear sflow interface clear sflow interface Switch readonly. This displays the of this command. this the IP assigned to loopback interface as the IP of the sFlow C3(rw)->show sflow interface loopback this to clear the interface the sFlow back to the of the VLAN. clear sflow interface Switch command, readwrite. This the interface the sFlow back to the of the VLAN. C3(rw)->show sflow interface C3(rw)->clear sflow interface
sflow sflow this command to information about the sFlow sflow Switch command, readonly. This displays the of this command. C3(rw)->show sflow sFlow Corp.;06.03.00.0001T IP C3
sflow
and Authentication This the and authentication of the C3 as of the this published. Please to the Release Notes the capacity information. to the of This located the Table A-1 Capacity of of ether type of MAC of of of CoS (IRL) Priority-based Rule-based Role-based Supported ether type tcp tcp C3 A-1
and Authentication Authentication Authentication A-2 Table A-1 (Continued) Capacity These to the Authentication of authentication This located the Networks Table A-2 Authentication Authentication Capacity IEEE authentication Supported MAC-based authentication Supported Authentication (PWA) RFC VLAN assignment based Supported, MAC-based, and PWA authentication authentication authentication when IP phone with Multiauth to type both, Supported
802.1D 802.1Q Access Access to MAC, to routing the router ID AES Routers ARP inspection routing timeout Authentication EAPOL MAC MD5 OSPF MD5 RADIUS SSH Rate Broadcast IP routing C CDP Discovery CIDR Discovery Class of Service to Class of Service (CoS) Clearing NVRAM CLI closing Command History Command Interface. CLI clearing switch router operation copying (SNMP) Copying or CoS OSPF Tree CLI factory DES DHCP DHCP DHCP/BOOTP about DVMRP ARP inspection basic assignment EAP pass-through EAPOL SNMP CoS Flow VLAN GVRP and of VLAN hostprotect, authentication, about ICMP IGMP and copying downloading Ingress Interface Interface(s) OSPF IP loopback, RIP RIP RIP IP to routing interface router switch about router, information commands interface commands Neighbor Discovery Index
about cache routing IRDP advanced routing field Editing Commands Discovery (LLDP) State LLDP LLDP-MED administratively accounts Loopback interfaces, MAC MAC Authentication MAC VLAN MD5 Authentication Tree (MSTP) VLAN the Neighbor Discovery Index Neighbors OSPF Network and switch and OSPF NSSA NVRAM clearing OSPF Routers areas, areas, areas, information, to neighbors redistribute about commands information commands interface commands history the PIM-SM assigning classifying to VLAN or Class of Service assignment of about Mirroring Priority the CLI authentication Port(s) assignment and counters, statistics about MAC priority, Ethernet Priority OSPF VRRP Priority to Prompt router PWA RADIUS RADIUS RADIUS Tree (RSTP) Rate CoS Redistribute Related RFC RIP CIDR interface redistribute Router
Routing Interfaces Routing DVMRP IRDP OSPF RIP VRRP Scrolling Shell (SSH) Security of downloading sFlow SNMP rights router the switch MIB security and statistics users, and SNTP Tree features Tree (RSTP) SSL switch Information basic TACACS+ Technical switch TFTP downloading firmware Timeout ARP CLI, RADIUS OSPF Traceroute router Trap SNMP Attributes RFC RADIUS interfaces about Accounts RIP RIP Information switch, assigning assigning VLAN IDs authentication classifying to creating GVRP host, RADIUS creating VRRP creating interface router SSL