IRM2
Notice the right to and other information this without The should to whether such The firmware, or software this to without IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERASYS NETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS MANUAL OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, EVEN IF ENTERASYS NETWORKS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNOWN, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. tested its software with strongly to write and then that the Licensed Software, to with which Networks or to the that the Licensed Software Copyright rights Printed the United States of America. P.O. NH NetSight and E7 of Networks. SPECTRUM BRIM DNI FNB INA Integrated Network Architecture LANVIEW LANVIEW Access and TRMM and Bridge/Router Interface BRIM-A100 CRBRIM-W/E CRXMIM CXRMIM Network Interface Distributed LAN Distributed Network DLM DNSMIM E1000 E2000 E3000 EFDMIM EMM-E6 EMME EPIM EPIM-3PS EPIM-A EPIM-C EPIM-F1 EPIM-F2 EPIM-F3 EPIM-T EPIM-T1 EPIM-X ESXMIM ETSMIM ETWMIM FDCMIM-04 FDCMIM-08 FDMMIM FDMMIM-04 Network FOMIM FORMIM IRBM IRM IRM-2 IRM-3 Interface MIM MMAC MMAC-3 MMAC-3FNB MMAC-5 MMAC-5FNB MMAC-8 MMAC-8FNB MMAC-M8FNB MRX MRXI MRXI-24 NB20E NB25E NB30 NB35 NBR-220/420/620 RMIM Switch Switching SFS SFPS SPECTRUM SPECTRUM SPIM-A SPIM-C SPIM-F1 SPIM-F2 SPIM-T SPIM-T1 TPMIM TPMIM-22 TPMIM-T1 TPRMIM TPRMIM-36 TPT-T TRBMIM TRMM-2 TRMMIM and TRXI of Inc.
Apple, and and Apple Remote and EtherTalk of Apple Computer, Inc. of American Conversion ST and C++ of AT&T and VINES of Inc. ciscoSystems, and AGS+ and Router, CRM, IGS, and MGS of Inc. and GatorPrint, GatorShare, GX-M, and of Inc. CompuServe of CompuServe Incorporated of Inc. CTERM, and ULTRIX and DEC, DEC C++, DECstation, VAX DOCUMENT, VMA, and VT of Corporation and ASX-100 of Inc. PC/TCP of FTP Software, Inc. HP of Inc. AIX, IBM, OS/2, and PS/2 and AT, PC, PC-DOS, PC/XT, AT, RISC and Workplace Shell of International Corporation and and of Corporation Microsoft, MS-DOS, and of Microsoft Corporation Chameleon, ChameleonNFS, Chameleon and NEWT of NETMANAGE, Inc. NetWare and and Internetwork (IPX), IPX, and Network (NFS) of Inc. and MS and Software Foundation, OSF, OSF/1, and OSF/Motif of The Software Foundation, Inc. Graphics and IRIS and and IRIX of Graphics, Inc. NFS, PC-NFS, SPARC, Microsystems, and Workstation and SPARCstation, SPARCstation IPC, SPARCstation IPX, and of Microsystems, Inc. OPEN LOOK and UNIX of Unix Inc. NS, Network and XNS of Corporation ANNEX, ANNEX-II, ANNEX-3, ANNEX-802.5, MICRO-ANNEX-XL, and MICRO- ANNEX-ELS of Inc. and of Inc.
Restricted Rights Notice (Applicable to to the United States Government only.) or the Government to as forth of the Rights and Software DFARS New Hampshire This software with restricted rights. It used, reproduced, or the Government as of this Notice or as otherwise stated the This software Notwithstanding the this software published copyrighted software, it to the Government, without prohibitions, with the rights forth of this other rights or the or of this software to stated or incorporated the This Notice reproduction of this software, whole or Used or or with the or which including Government to which such or Used or which (archives) or or combined with other software, that the combined, or of the software incorporating restricted software to the restricted rights; Disclosed to and service with through of this the Government such or reproduction to these restricted rights; and Used or or to
Introduction to this related software IRM2 This Welcome to the NetSight the IRM2 this to as reference NetSight the IRM2. The IRM2 IEEE to Access (MMAC with or without the Network (FNB). The IRM2 the first of the MMAC and Ethernet to its It and Ethernet throughout the chassis, and such as With NetSight gather of information from the IRM2 the board, and including throughput statistics and breakdowns. You and the or security based Ethernet Each chapter this functionality or of functionalities of the IRM2 This information about software which directly from the information about which the the top of the the and included this as as platform-specific that NetSight Chapter Introduction of related software and shows to the
Introduction Related Related Chapter The IRM2 Chassis the of the chassis and to the within the Chassis the of chassis-level functions such as the chassis boards, and boards and and and Chapter Statistics the Statistics, Statistics, Summary Statistics, and Performance Graph selections the repeater, board, and of these selections slightly of the information collected IRM2. Chapter Source Functions to the Source to the and to the the of instructions the repeater, or board or Chapter Trap Selection to the Trap Selection to whether IRM2 SNMP to station. to IRM2 repeater, to that and active. that knowledge of Ethernet IEEE and FDDI-type and their physical and that with The IRM2 of to information about the features to through NetSight Other which include information related to the IRM2 Enterasys NetSight Enterasys NetSight Enterasys NetSight Remote Administration Enterasys NetSight Remote (RMON) Enterasys NetSight and Enterasys Network Troubleshooting Microsoft Corporations Microsoft information about the of the IRM2, the
Software the Software NetSight interface of which to and which the of which they appear of of the appears below; that the information repeated the of and/or This Windows-compatible with buttons; using three should the operation of the when following this Procedures within the NetSight to these buttons as follows: Right operations, this that the (primary) to used, and to activating or include instructions about which to instances which right (secondary) functionality instructions explicitly to right Also, where switching buttons the or instructions explicitly to both and right buttons. Instructions to include the following to the without Clicking to the the indicated then and release the button. This commonly to or such as or buttons. Introduction
Introduction Common IRM2 Software Double-clicking to the the indicated then and release the This commonly to operation, such as from that there distinction and motion. Pressing to the the indicated then and the the action completed. It often to operations. to the the while holding the It often operations to information from of the another, and to highlight information the top of NetSight as illustrated below. Location MAC IP Showing Informational the of the The the the SNMP
Software IP the IP This the IP to the IP assigned the IRM2; they NetSight Location the location of the The location through the the SNMP MAC the MAC of the IRM2 with which NetSight communicating. This factory-set and Informational the boards and/or displayed the indicating the of the board the chassis. the the board. You the the option from the the of the the of the You the the option from the Active Indicates the of information through the IRM2 repeater, board, or as MAC the amount of that the IRM2 the The that appears the of allows to and terminate You to this to and them clicking or Introduction
Introduction or appears that allows to and SET to those to this to each other once and the with the The text with information to the information concerning buttons, The buttons, the or commands that topic. topic followed by... (three Statistics... or associated with that topic. This section of or while NetSight You the IRM2 buttons to information to the button, appear which on-screen that the of the and their associated and that the associated From the from the Chassis to the Chassis as as the Chassis reference. to information the Chassis and Chassis of the the Microsoft facility. If with this of from the or to from the NetSight or Microsoft NOTE
from the If technical related to NetSight the of the following hours Technical NH FTP: ftp.ctron.com anonymous BBS: 8N1: and NetSight to NetSight Technical the following To information, to the the highest firmware tested with NetSight to the from the NetSight group. If earlier of firmware and the Technical Assistance NOTE Introduction
Introduction
The IRM2 Chassis Information displayed the Chassis the physical and chassis the Chassis The IRM2 Chassis the that immediately informs of the of MMAC chassis graphical of the chassis front The shows the boards MMAC to the physical they and displays the of those boards; the Physical graphical of the board The Chassis as of to other IRM2 and which the following To the IRM2 Chassis of the following or tree the IRM2 to or or tree the once to the IRM2 to Select from the or the or or tree the right once to the IRM2 to On the to Chapter
The IRM2 Chassis Chassis Information Chassis Information The IRM2 Chassis graphic of the IRM2 and the which including which immediately informs of the and of the boards and the MMAC chassis. IRM2 Chassis clicking of the chassis graphical (as this chapter), or the the top of the Chassis of the that to repeater-, board-, and the the hand to that clicking the location option. TIP
Information Chassis Information that to displayed If higher than and arrows appear the top and of the that through the NOTE The the MIM the following information: IP The assigned to the IRM2; this the IP to the IRM2 IP assigned Locking/Unlocking The and whether locking or respectively. Chapter Source Functions further information. This the of NetSight and the IRM2. the IRM2 to that the IRM2 temporary stand-by while to physical the board or that and inactive this stand-by unknown established with the IRM2. the IRM2 to off or the other reason). The amount of that the IRM2 the If this chapter), this field the currently If the effect--this The IRM2 Chassis
The IRM2 Chassis Chassis Information MAC The physical assigned to the IRM2 interface with which NetSight communicating. MAC hard-coded the and Prom The of BOOT PROM the IRM2. The of firmware the FLASH The 24-hour the internal clock. The the internal clock. You the and the and options the or the the Chassis the and or NOTE with NetSight displays and allows to with year clicking of the IRM2 Chassis with repeater-, board-, and as as which apply to the The following displays the and to the to the
Chassis Information IRM2 Chassis The From the the Chassis the following selections: which displays containing of the IRM2). and which allow to the internal clock. Group... which allows to the IRM2 SNMP MIB II. to the SNMP further information. The IRM2 Chassis
The IRM2 Chassis Chassis Information I/F Summary which displays showing statistics the each interface to I/F Summary Information which the IRM2 Chassis The The the information displayed the Chassis the which information and to board- and Physical graphic of the showing the MIM and what that allows to the IRM2 and its associated Chapter further information. The The allows to the information that the text the Chassis the of each as of the theoretical of Ethernet each Station (STA) or (TRK). allows to of three type displays: or allows to the of the type select. information the options this Selecting this chapter. The This displays selections to the the IRM2. It the following selections: Statistics... which the repeater-level Statistics Chapter Statistics information. Statistics... which the repeater-level Statistics Chapter information. Summary Statistics... which repeater-level statistics board; Chapter Performance Graph... which the Performance Graph Chapter
Chassis Information Source Address... which allows to the through which MAC communicating; Chapter Source Functions Ports... which allows to the from unauthorized access; Source Functions which the repeater-level Chapter information. Trap Selection... which allows to selectively and SNMP the IRM2; Chapter Trap Selection Counters which refresh the counters to This option this chapter. which to of the IRM2. This option this chapter. The The to NetSight with the IRM2 This includes the MIB Tree which to the MIB information. to information this The The three selections: which the Chassis this chapter. Chassis which with information specifically related to the Chassis and Chassis About Chassis which with the Chassis The The the IRM2 and its associated the following If the the IRM2 mid-chassis such as the selection Statistics... Statistics... Chapter Summary Statistics... Chapter Performance Graph... Chapter which containing of the selected board; Chapter The IRM2 Chassis
The IRM2 Chassis MIM Selecting Chassis Information which allows to assign to the selected board; this displayed which allows to the selected board; The Ethernet MIM selections include Statistics Statistics Performance Graph and (the options the and board and the and selection: Source Addressing... which displays the each Chapter Source Functions information. The IRM2 port-related option: Association... which which of its front AUI or as the interface connected the Chassis each the IRM2 and the associated the its below); to this of the options the as the following To the of Click the the top of the Chassis appear. (and to the right, necessary) to the information to The text the information. options If choose the the of each the This reflects the network connected to the to the theoretical of Ethernet
Chassis Information NetSight the the Tools>Options from the NOTE to the NetSight or information If choose each that or (displayed as STA) which or its TRK) or its If board the option, its information about the Source Functions You three which or ON, OFF, SEG or NLK ON or OFF LNK NLK or N/A If selected the considered: ON the and OFF or through action. SEG the and the occurred the attached or the than The IRM2 Chassis
The IRM2 Chassis Chassis Information BNC thin and AUI the the and follow the NOTE BNC as ON there and the OFF the and SEG the or there attached. AUI as ON the of whether or there OFF the and SEG the that the displays BNC and AUI of troubleshooting; to that BNC as only its disconnected, and AUI that appears to and attached. AUI and BNC as ON the and OFF as with other types, these ON and OFF nothing about AUI and BNC N/A, indicating that NetSight to their NLK (Not when the there physical to the This of and On. If selected the considered: ON the OFF the that these If selected the considered: LNK when established the and the the other of the NLK (Not when the there physical to the or the the other of the N/A when NetSight the the If choose the offers the following options: Collisions, CRC, or OOW
The Physical Chassis Chassis Information Select of the options to what of the each active the of the type selected. This reflects the of connected to that relation to the of the of the options and incorporate their as below: of the options or ON/LNK, SEG/NLK, OFF, and N/A the option, as yellow; as the other selections and to the recently selected which incorporates its the Chassis displays of the and its the information and to repeater-, board-, and as to the however, the the the top of the Chassis allows to Physical of the and the of the While the Physical information or to board- or as who physically from the they and who to the of the MIM and the supported. To the Physical the Chassis the to the to Physical and release. The Chassis Physical appear. To switch back to the from the and release. The IRM2 Chassis
The IRM2 Chassis The Chassis Chassis Information The Physical Chassis Enterasys and Cabletrons their functionality from of and IETF RFCs. The Chassis read-only that displays the and the MIB and, therefore, the functionality the currently To the Chassis Click the the top of the Chassis to and release.
MIB first the IRM2, MIB information The which the functionality both and IETF Chassis Information Chassis to the graphical displays options information about the physical characteristics of and the as as information about the Choosing the option the that the From the the IRM2 Chassis of the MMAC. To Click the The appear. The IRM2 Chassis
The IRM2 Chassis the the and the to text to the shown appear the type. If the selected board, Unknown appear the text Text to the performance and information the the Chassis with the to and operating properly. include and the IRM2 front board and and You the and options from the to the and the internal clock. To the Click the Chassis to the to and release. The following appear.
Counters Restarting the the the 24-hour highlighting the field to and using the and arrow buttons, or the the field. Click to or to To the Click the Chassis to the to and release. The following appear. the highlighting the field to and the and arrow buttons, or the the field. Click to or to with NetSight displays and allows to with NOTE To refresh statistics counter information IRM2 back to To Select from the Chassis to Counters and release. You the option to of the IRM2. This counter information to and refresh The IRM2 Chassis
The IRM2 Chassis the Association CAUTION the To Select from the Chassis to and release. The IRM2 restarted as the Association option the IRM2, which of the front as interface connected selecting this option, that activity. If the with which with the IRM2, with the and to the through To the association: Click or (the IRM2 The pull-down appear. Click Association... The Association appear. Association Click the that (the the active interface attached and that (the AUI that 1(the AUI to from its attached and
Boards the Click The selected become the active interface and the other The Chassis the IRM2 to the From the the Chassis the of the boards MMAC. To board: Click the to the board to The Text appear. Text the of the board, to characters length. Click to the board, and appear of board-related From the the Chassis boards MMAC that currently To board: Click the to the board to and the from OFF to the (ON, SEG, LNK, or NLK). The IRM2 Chassis
The IRM2 Chassis and I/F Summary Information the From the the IRM2 Chassis and To or Click the The appear. Click to the or to the or as You this to that of or that to locking or to Chapter and Chapter information. NOTE The I/F Summary option from the statistics the each interface The to statistics that and each interface. To the I/F Summary From the the option from the Click to I/F Summary and release. The I/F Summary appear. I/F Summary
Interface Performance Statistics/Bar the The I/F Summary of information about each interface as as statistics which each interfaces performance. The following information each interface: The field the amount of that the the The assigned to each interface the The type of the interface, distinguished the physical/link immediately below the text of the interface Physical the physical or of the interface: or the or of the interface: or The (and, where the accompanying to the right of the interface summary of interface performance. You the to and the which those the directly the interface as follows: the right-most field, the arrow and the which to the selected statistic: Counts or Rate when the selected Counts or Rate the Graph from the interface NOTE Once selected the the arrow the to specify the to that the options from this the selected. The IRM2 Chassis
The IRM2 Chassis the the statistics (and where refresh to the choice, as below. Counts The count of or transmitted the indicated interface counters counts the following Octets Octets the interface, including characters. (both and the interface and to higher-layer the interface that though them from to higher to the the interface that that them from to higher-layer Unknown the interface that of unknown or Octets Octets transmitted the interface, including characters. transmitted, the of higher the interface to subnetwork (both and Outbound that the interface though that them from transmitted. reason would to the Outbound that the interface they contained The of the indicated interface the to the theoretical that interface type further the following Octets The of this interface, as of the theoretical
Interface the Octets The of this interface, as of the theoretical this option, Graph field to the interface this when the selected Rate The count the selected the The the as those Counts. to the Counts section, of each The Interface Statistics MIB-II interface information including counts both and and and buffering information each charts graphically statistics both and Unicast, Discarded, and To the Interface Statistics the I/F Summary to the interface which to statistics. The I/F Statistics appear. Interface Statistics The IRM2 Chassis
The IRM2 Chassis the You this information the I/F Statistics option the Chapter Statistics information. TIP Three informational appear the of the the interface the currently selected interface: the MAC (physical) of the selected interface. the interface type of the selected ethernet-csmacd. The of the the following and statistics; that the first four statistics graphically displayed the charts. Unicast the of transmitted to or received from this interface that These statistics displayed the chart, Non-Unicast the of to or from this interface that that than the The field includes count of those that These statistics displayed the chart, the of which though they contained that typically to free when the becomes this occurring routinely, usually that overwhelming the To this to or to or switches. These statistics displayed the chart, the of received or transmitted that These statistics displayed the chart, red.
the Unknown only) the of received which they created unknown or only) the of the selected interface. only) the of currently from this interface. The amount of memory to and the the the the to Transmitted only) the of the selected interface. of Statistics The statistics this of interface using the statistics to of interfaces activity To the of input To the of Transmitted Transmitted To the of inbound and outbound Transmitted To the of inbound that To the of outbound that Transmitted the Interface which this the Interface Statistics offer or options. These options the Interface which the Group... from the to SNMP further information the and Interface NOTE The IRM2 Chassis
The IRM2 Chassis Testing and the Interface the Applications the With the the interface or other With the and buttons, or the interface. The of these options The interface and passed. The interface closed The and buttons to the OID to the or Not firmware allow to SET of this MIB OID interfaces, to or interface SET FAILED TIP To the interface: Click The interface operating the To the interface: Click The interface operating closed The Applications leads to that SNMP MIB-I or MIB-II functions that the To the Applications pull-down the appear with SNMP-MIB II options the options Click the option. The appear.
Statistics Accessing the Statistics, Statistics, Summary Statistics, and Performance Graph statistics using the and buttons; the Statistics the performance Statistics The information collected and IRM2 with information about (or thereof) including the and of that that traffic, and of that which or somehow These statistics of the or To and the NetSight with of information four Statistics, Statistics, Statistics, and Performance At the Statistics statistics and the as whole and each and/or chart graphically these statistics reference. Statistics displayed these Active Broadcasts
Statistics Accessing the Statistics Statistics The Active and Broadcasts selections early with release firmware. NOTE Collisions Collisions Out-of-Window (OOW) Collisions CRC The chart to the right of the statistics graphically statistics. The the chart to the Collisions (red), and the and Soft To the Statistics Click the Chassis to the to Statistics... and release. The Statistics appear. Statistics
Statistics Statistics To the Statistics Click the to the board to Statistics... and release. The Statistics appear. To the Statistics Click the to the to Statistics... and release. The Statistics appear. The and Statistics the as the Statistics that they statistics to the selected or The statistics displays the counts the IRM2 or the the selected. You to refresh the counters and The statistics the following information: Active with Release and the of users MAC the Active than that and to to Chapter Source Functions this information. the of only) that the board, or that this count include Broadcasts with Release Firmware and the of that the board, or Broadcast each the this IP as or MAC as FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF. ARP and RARP and routers the of the board, or that the count include Statistics
Statistics the and Statistics Collisions the of detected the board, or those the IRM2 while which the IRM2 of the the of the board, or those the IRM2 while OOW Collisions the of of the the board, or Out-of-window typically the of that the board, or received from the the Ethernet of the Soft the of the board, or that of (that of than known as CRC the of with CRC C C that the board, or from the CRC when somehow the of that the board, or from the that than the Ethernet of bytes. using the and buttons located the of the Statistics choose whether to the statistics count or the statistics count the
Statistics Accessing the Statistics Statistics To choose or Click the the of the the the count of statistics the of the IRM2. Click the the of the the the count of statistics the These counts refreshed each that the associated option chosen that the associated option chosen You the Statistics to gather information concerning IRM2 and its boards and/or Statistics displayed both numerically and graphically, color-coded, charts. These charts the and and the board, or The as follows: Indicates the of activity the Indicates the of activity the Indicates the of activity the The statistics the allowable from to hours/59 seconds. You refresh the statistics the Statistics clicking This the counters the Statistics the counts the affected. The the indicating the that the Statistics cleared. The the Statistics functions from the software installation. NOTE To the Statistics Statistics
Statistics Statistics Click the Chassis to the to Statistics... and release. The Statistics appear. Statistics To the Statistics Click the to the to Statistics... and release. The Statistics appear. To the Statistics Click the to the to Statistics... and release. The Statistics appear. The and Statistics the as the Statistics displayed that they statistics to the or The Statistics the and the following statistics: the and of the board, or the the or of the board, or the
the Statistics Summary Statistics Summary Statistics the or of the board, or the To the Statistics Click the clock to the text The New text appear. New Text the to highlight the hour the New text the arrow to the right of the text to the hour, as Notice that the 24-hour and to the and seconds as Click OK to or to the without The Statistics refresh to and the immediately. the Summary Statistics graphically the amount of activity and which each Summary Statistics, which the amount of activity each You the Summary Statistics to the of the following activity to each IRM2, and each board: as of theoretical Statistics
Statistics Accessing the Summary Statistics Summary Statistics detected, as of Collisions detected, as of The allow to immediately the amount of activity each board or the the top right of the the of activity the To the Summary Statistics Click the Chassis to the to Summary Statistics... and release. The Summary Statistics appear. Summary Statistics The Summary Statistics three The assigned to each board (the of the board its the MMAC). The Statistics board empty. The type of board, such as FOT or THN The Load, or Collisions (indicated the the To the Summary Statistics Click the the Chassis to the board
Summary Statistics Summary Statistics to Summary Statistics... and release. The Summary Statistics appear. Summary Statistics The Summary Statistics three The assigned to each The of the ON OFF SEG or NLK These and their associated Chapter of this The Load, or Collisions (indicated the the If MIM with than the and Next buttons activated that the MIM. NOTE Both the and Summary Statistics to Load, or Collisions. To Summary Statistics: Click appear. Statistics
Statistics Performance Graph Accessing the Performance Graph Performance Graph to the or Collisions The to the and the refresh to the With the Performance Graphs, statistics reporting to the amount of through IRM2 the repeater, board, or The that the which charting continuously, while the the of or that the as whole or the selected board, or You the statistics that to clicking the the of the Performance Graph clicked, each of when the appear the of the and the statistics refresh to activity To the Performance Graph Click the Chassis to the to Performance Graph... and release. The Performance appear. Performance Graph
Performance Graph To the Performance Graph Click the to the to Performance Graph... and release. The Performance Graph appear. To the Performance Graph Click the to the to Performance Graph... and release. The Performance Graph appear. The and Performance Graph the as the Performance Graph displayed that they statistics to the selected board or Performance Graph allows to the following The of of the board, or Collisions The of the board, or CRC The of with CRC C C the board, or The of the board, or that than the Ethernet of bytes. The of the board, or the Ethernet of the The of the board, or those which of (that of than they from MAC formation or from cabling that corrupting or OOW Collns. The of of the the board, or There which this type of to the physical IEEE specifications, or the Statistics
Statistics the Performance Graph Performance Graph Nothing The currently type of The of the board, or this count include Reflects the the board, or to the theoretical of Ethernet Nothing The currently the of through the board, or To the Performance Click Collisions to the to the The chosen appear the of the the Performance Graph refresh to and to using the Click to the to the The chosen appear the of the the Performance Graph refresh to and to using the The Performance Graph the through IRM2 as whole or the selected or the To and to the without first (and its than the first
Source Functions the Source locking and the the Source Source or Table (SAT), each This the MAC each that through that the three that allow to the IRM2 Source Source allows to the IRM2 through which MAC communicating. IRM2 trying to Source displays the which allows to the MAC of each through Source allows to the through which Ethernet communicating. To the Source Click the Chassis to Source Address... and release. The Source appear. Chapter
Source Functions and Unlocking and Unlocking Source the Ethernet to XX-XX-XX-XX-XX-XX the text Click the MAC incorrectly, appear indicating that Enterasys the of the found, the associated with the to flash. If the found, appear that fact. The the IRM2 to from the connected to the to the IRM2 that to those the Source that detecting or the locking the found the that allowed through (although other and and to the that the apply to when Source although the of the Source the Source the that inactive, and the Source information. or the locking there shut-down security locking to allowed to that when locking each topology or station) and while locking of the of detected. NOTE
and Unlocking There to whether topology currently or Bring that Statistics and the Active field. If Active or the or the or Bring that Source or appear, the or appear, the actually connected to that than currently active. NOTE when the Locking/Unlocking active as that locked to the CAUTION To Click the Chassis The appear. to Ports... and release. The appear. If the repeaters already locked, the that they locked, and to them; they locked, the as Click the or to or the as Source Functions
Source Functions Source Addressing Source You (SU) to or the community the SU to the NOTE locking the the Chassis the the Chassis to the text and the OFF, and the that through from known Once attempted access, manually the option the or On (or of firmware), immediately locking these using their they immediately connected and the NOTE On with firmware, to they, immediately and to Source allows to each Source which the MAC that through the selected To the Source from the Chassis Click the to the to Source Addressing... and release. The Source appear.
the Source Source The displays the MAC of that transmitted through the selected within than the that of the purged). The the You text which to to the that appear the Source information this to the NetSight NOTE The the amount of inactive the Source Table purged. The continuously the the turned (or the activated); that to the SAT the the of the and least through the If from that the purged from the The and the To the Click the to the field. The appear. Source Functions
Source Functions Source Addressing the Allowable to Click to the or to the without
Accessing the repeater, board, and based of count, count, or of the the Board/Disable option Accessing the the the IRM2 the repeater, board, and these to facility that of or or of types, within You the board- and to board or to to and workstation to those properly the IRM2 information. NOTE To the repeater-level from the Chassis Click the Chassis to the to and release. The appear. Chapter
Accessing the To the Click once the the Chassis to the board appear. to and release. The appear.
Accessing the To the Click once the to the to and release. The appear.
Accessing the the to thresholds, that repeater-level thresholds apply to the thresholds apply only to the selected board; and thresholds apply to the The displays the following revisions of firmware of the below; which appear the NOTE Collisions the text this field to the of to allow the selected repeater, board, or allowable of the the repeater, board, or of the the within, below). of threshold of would of every threshold of would of
Accessing the every Therefore, the threshold the the of allowing. repeater-level the of based the board- or the based the board or only. the text this field to the of that the repeater, board, or within the user-specified Allowable to Broadcast the text this field to the of that the repeater, board, or within the user-specified reached. Allowable to of the text this field to what of received the repeater, board, or within the specified of the selected type or Allowable to based the of of selected those with their repeater-level count selected the repeater; board- or count selected received the board or You of the following types: CRC If this selected, with (CRC) included the of If this selected, included the of with of bytes; these to as If this selected, the of included the of that than the Ethernet of bytes.
the OOW Collisions If this selected, of the s) included the of Out-of-window typically caused If this selected, the of included the of the Ethernet of the within: This field displays the the amount of the selected statistics counted to the thresholds. The allowable seconds to hours/59 seconds. You choosing the to the threshold to the and selecting within which that threshold You the of of of of You board or that the board or when reached. To the within which the thresholds reached to Click the clock to the within: text of the the to The appear.
Highlight the hour text (the first to the Click the and arrows to the or type the hour and to the and seconds of the seconds. Click The appear the within: text Click the of the to then to the to closing the or To repeater-, board-, or first the then follow the outlined below: the and to highlight the text the to Collisions Broadcast or of the threshold to the and Click the to (A activated there board- or only, the Allow Board/Port to Disabled to the board or when If the Allow Board/Port to option, to manually the board(s) or the the clear the clearing counters, to the board(s) and/or NOTE
each type of to Click to the then to the to closing the or that these and that board or to EnterasysAlarm and information to its to
Trap Selection Accessing the Trap Selection and and Accessing the Trap Selection the which and to which when or State Traps); when the to activity, and when becomes active Traps); and that from Source Table (Source Traps). these information than to With the Trap Selection option from the or these the issued the IRM2 appear facility. to and to and workstation to those properly the IRM2 or information. NOTE that and and/or firmware including the IRM2, Source To the repeater-level Trap Selection from the Chassis Click the Chassis to the selection, then right to the Chapter
Trap Selection At the the of that the The If appear as the and states. This to the Leaving its OR the Change both the leaving the the Trap Definitions Trap Definitions to Trap Selection... and release. The Trap Selection appear. Trap Selection You or the following of State and Ethernet including RJ45 and to the of their with the the other of the If the or the to and the the to and the both of the disconnected or the and when only of the that BNC (thin AUI, and BNC to and below); AUI and to the to and as connected. Information included State include the and associated with the
Trap Definitions Enterasys and Cabletrons Ethernet repeaters count each If or the than the the to isolate the of the from the of the the as the the to the and that, they the BNC (thin appear as thin or to the when the or the these as of that both of the the and of the disconnected. Information included include the and associated with the Source The IRM2 to Source newSourceAddress when from or from from that currently its Information included this includes the and associated with the those from or Source sourceAddressTimeout issued anytime of the Source to inactivity. The interesting information includes the and and the that Chapter Source Functions information the PortTypeChanged issued when from to or The interesting information includes the and and the topology lockStatusChanged when the the or using the option the the interesting information the Chapter information.) PortSecurityViolation and to related to locked, the portSecurityViolation that attempted of the and the the information the and and the Trap Selection
Trap Selection when intervention or to security the information and information. The or and Source displayed when first the Trap Selection the that to treated as SET that the with to that when other The appear when first the only or the Although to to SET there reason to To or the IRM2: the Trap Selection Click the to the Segmentation, or Source Address. that the with that the that that the associated (to or and the currently Click Apply The or the indicated to workstation. however, that issued to the properly IRM2 information. Click to the that clicking clicking Apply the without
Accessing the establishing activating the testing the Accessing the The redundancy allows to establish the to that Once and that, to to the IRM2 there that should the (or The IRM2 the of the each the physical of the Should to to the This reduces the of of that the physically connected to the If physically connected and CAUTION To the Click the Chassis to and release. things when the the appear; and the Chassis significantly, as You these to Chapter
Accessing the Chassis The allows to or IRM2, as as or the Retry Count The Chassis the which assign and to each
Selecting and You establish the selected IRM2 by: Ensuring that, redundancy and the physically connected to the If physically and Selecting of the each that active the physical of the and that to the associated with the and that Specifying the selected IRM2 that as the to each or the Physically the completely and the the redundancy the selected IRM2, establish the testing that confirms that You The first to select, and, wish, the that to To Click the arrow to the right of the text and through the to the The IRM2 to to the Click the or The highlighted and the text to that selected. To With the selected highlighted, to and release. The appear.
the Physical of Devices to Polled the text field, and OK The appear the text To the without You the physical of least or to the of These the to the of the active The IRM2 each establish with the the of the IRM2 the and switches to To the With the selected displayed the the appear. the physical of the polled. Click to the to the If that the XX-XX-XX-XX-XX-XX appear, and to the
and Priority to the to to to that the active, to the firmware. To that already to the highlight the and the from the Each and that as If the the redundancy switch to the first specified, and as necessary, switch to the which they specified. The of that noted the Chassis to to The as the Once whichever the active the To the and the the Chassis the that to as primary. appear. Select The as PRI and the Click the that to specify as the first the appear. Select The as BKP and Once the this and such as they become active of or they manually once the To specify further and to each the to redundancy. The first specify the active that as and as primary. If to that the the first active the the command from the to the firmware information.
Redundancy the and of Establishing Once the that the IRM2 to them, including the seconds) of the physical and the of to each To each the IRM2 each the Polling then the of seconds the field reply. If least the the IRM2 the of the If received the the IRM2 the of each least retry, If the the IRM2 the and switch to the first To establish the Click the to the right of the Polling field the right-hand of the the appear. the of seconds to the each The seconds; the Click to the or to the without that the to active To establish the of the Click to the to Retry Count and release. The Retry Count appear. Retry Count
Activating the Activating the the of that the switches to the then The the that the count to the currently selected count each If that from the IRM2, or somewhat to and/or of accordingly to the of NOTE If should and switched to that the active or the repaired and the tested. Testing the information. Once the to and the and of the The activation You least associated with the as Primary, and least as You least the Polled To the the to the the text that the of the selected or displayed below the text Click and to to the currently selected The that and the the selected to physical to once and the the or they manually once the While the of the Chassis the active and both
CAUTION CAUTION Testing the Testing the to physically once To the to the the text that the of the selected or displayed below the Current text Click and to to inactivate the currently selected The displayed the selected to If to the that they manually the from the Chassis If to to or The the of both and the physical each through each as of the This or or manually If the with the whether active or the and its the facility. to the and or information.) The testing each currently active tested Once testing finished, the that the as become the active the the activated. that then repaired, to active the other the the NOTE
To establish of the right of the the to the right of the of text The of appear. of the to highlight the hour field the New text the arrow to the right of the text to the hour, as and to the and seconds as (the Click to the or to the without accepting To of Click the tested immediately. Once the automatically. to its initially You the or Retry Count as while to the or information of first To the to the the text that the of the selected or below the Click and to to inactivate the currently selected The the selected to Disabled.
CAUTION that and and If with to that they manually the from the Chassis If to to or To as the active On the Chassis the that to specify as the active Select to the the active The its originally or to that currently the active The the specified when the To from active to inactive On the Chassis the which the active Select Deactivate The its originally or to inactive If the active other the activated; to the to another the or allowed to the NOTE To from On the Chassis the that to from the Select Not to the from the The to its indicating that connected with the the active the the activated.
which of back the Chassis that to NOTE To from to or On the Chassis the whose to change. Select or as to the that as or its active or inactive to from to primary, or from to the and Deactivate commands the of the to the and clears You individually or collectively. To the to the the text that the of the selected or below the text Click and This clear the selected and to its and To once: Click warning appear to selection. Warning
CAUTION If to their of whether they currently or If their which of turn back the Chassis that to
Active Active Allow to board Broadcasts C chassis front activating and of selecting Collisions Collisions buttons CRC CRC text the when board type Source Source Index-1
I/F Summary Interface testing or interface Interface Interface Statistics IP IRM2 State LNK Location lockStatusChanged MAC MIM type (Non-Unicast) N/A newSourceAddress NLK (Not Non-Unicast OFF OK ON OOW Collisions count Transmitted Performance Graph Performance Graph board Index-2 Physical Locing locking topology PortSecurityViolation PortTypeChanged Rate Counts establishing redundancy Retry Count SEG Traps Selecting or the
Soft Source Source sourceAddressTimeout Statistics Summary Statistics board Technical of threshold Statistics to the of Unicast Unknown within Index-3
Index-4