and
Notice the right to and other information this without The should Networks to whether such The firmware, or software this to without IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERASYS NETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS MANUAL OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, EVEN IF ENTERASYS NETWORKS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNOWN, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. tested its software with strongly to write and then that the Licensed Software, to with which or warranties to the that the Licensed Software Copyright Inc. rights Printed the United States of P.O. NH Enterasys, NetSight, and E7 of Networks. SPECTRUM BRIM DNI FNB INA Integrated Network Architecture LANVIEW LANVIEW Access and TRMM and Bridge/Router Interface BRIM-A100 CRBRIM-W/E CRXMIM CXRMIM Network Interface Distributed LAN Distributed Network DLM DNSMIM E1000 E2000 E3000 EFDMIM EMM-E6 EMME EPIM EPIM-3PS EPIM-A EPIM-C EPIM-F1 EPIM-F2 EPIM-F3 EPIM-T EPIM-T1 EPIM-X ESXMIM ETSMIM ETWMIM FDCMIM-04 FDCMIM-08 FDMMIM FDMMIM-04 Network FOMIM FORMIM IRBM IRM IRM-2 IRM-3 Interface MIM MMAC MMAC-3 MMAC-3FNB MMAC-5 MMAC-5FNB MMAC-8 MMAC-8FNB MMAC-M8FNB MRX MRXI MRXI-24 NB20E NB25E NB30 NB35 NBR-220/420/620 RMIM Switch Switching SFS SFPS SPECTRUM SPECTRUM SPIM-A SPIM-C SPIM-F1 SPIM-F2 SPIM-T SPIM-T1 TPMIM TPMIM-22 TPMIM-T1 TPRMIM TPRMIM-36 TPT-T TRBMIM TRMM-2 TRMMIM and TRXI of Inc.
and and Apple Access and EtherTalk of Apple Computer, Inc. of American Conversion ST and C++ of AT&T and VINES of Inc. ciscoSystems, and AGS+ and Router, CRM, IGS, and MGS of Inc. GatorBox and GatorPrint, GatorShare, GX-M, and of Inc. CompuServe of CompuServe Incorporated of Inc. CTERM, and ULTRIX and DEC, DEC C++, DECstation, VAX DOCUMENT, VMA, and VT of Corporation and ASX-100 of Inc. PC/TCP of FTP Software, Inc. HP of Inc. AIX, IBM, OS/2, and PS/2 and AT, PC, PC-DOS, PC/XT, AT, RISC and Workplace Shell of International Corporation and and of Corporation Microsoft, MS-DOS, and of Microsoft Corporation Chameleon, ChameleonNFS, Chameleon and NEWT of NETMANAGE, Inc. NetWare and and Internetwork (IPX), IPX, and Network (NFS) of Inc. and MS and Software Foundation, OSF, OSF/1, and OSF/Motif of The Software Foundation, Inc. Graphics and IRIS and and IRIX of Graphics, Inc. NFS, PC-NFS, SPARC, Microsystems, and Workstation and SPARCstation, SPARCstation IPC, SPARCstation IPX, and of Microsystems, Inc. OPEN LOOK and UNIX of Unix Inc. NS, Network and XNS of Corporation
ANNEX, ANNEX-II, ANNEX-3, ANNEX-802.5, MICRO-ANNEX-XL, and MICRO- ANNEX-ELS of Inc. and of Inc. Restricted Rights Notice (Applicable to to the United States Government only.) or the Government to as forth of the Rights Technical and Software DFARS New Hampshire This software with restricted rights. It used, reproduced, or the Government as of this Notice or as otherwise stated the This software Notwithstanding the this software published copyrighted software, to the Government, without prohibitions, with the rights forth of this other rights or the or of this software to stated or incorporated the This Notice reproduction of this software, whole or Used or or with the or which including Government to which such or Used or which (archives) or or combined with other software, that the combined, or of the software incorporating restricted software to the restricted rights; Disclosed to and service with through of this the Government such or to these restricted rights; and Used or or to
Introduction to this related software to the CS and GX-M this to as reference NetSight the CS and the GX-M. The CS and GX-M to Ethernet routersbased technologywhich integrated the MMAC of The CS LocalTalk router the MMAC routing connectivity and Ethernet with and routing with required. The GX-M to the MMAC plug-and-play routing and Ethernet with required. It the LocalTalk-Ethernet with the LocalTalk SmartRepeater. and correction of and the location of each allowing and to the location and of LocalTalk Both the GX-M and the CS LocalTalk Statistics and the SNMP Group. The Statistics. The GX-M to users; the CS to users.
Introduction the GX-M Related the GX-M Each chapter this functionality or of functionalities of the CS and the GX-M. This information about software which directly from the The GX-M and the CS to as the throughout of this Where there each as necessary. NOTE Chapter Introduction of related software and shows to the Technical Chapter The the of the the chassis and to the within the Chassis Chapter LocalTalk and Statistics both the LocalTalk and Statistics and the and the CS and GX-M as as the statistics counted the GX-M. The and of to information about the features to through NetSight Other which include information related to the as follows: Remote Administration and information about the of the the
Software the Software NetSight of to and which the of the which they appear. of of the appears below. The information repeated the of and/or This Windows-compatible with buttons; using three should the of the when following this Procedures within the NetSight to these buttons as follows: Right operations, this that the (primary) to used, and to activating or include instructions about which to instances which right (secondary) functionality instructions explicitly to right Also, where switching the or instructions explicitly to both and right buttons. Instructions to operation include the following to the without button. Clicking to the the indicated then and release the This commonly to or such as or buttons. Introduction
Introduction Common IP Software Double-clicking to the the indicated then and release the This commonly to operation, such as from that there distinction and motion. Pressing to the the indicated then and the the action completed. It often to operations. to the the while holding the It often operations to information from of the screen another, and to highlight information the top of NetSight as illustrated Showing Informational the of the The the the SNMP IP the IP Address; this the IP to the IP assigned the they NetSight MAC
MAC the MAC of the interface. This factory-set and The that appears the of allows to and terminate You to this to and them clicking OK or Apply OK or Apply appears that allows to and SET to those to this to each other once and the with the The text with information to the information concerning buttons, The buttons, Bridge the or commands that topic. topic (three Statistics... or associated with that topic. This section of or while NetSight You the buttons to information to the button, appear which on-screen that the of the and their associated and that implemented the associated From the from the to the as as the Chassis reference. to The information the and Chassis Introduction
Introduction Accessing from the Technical Assistance of the the Microsoft facility. If with this of from the or to from the NetSight NOTE The of NetSight option from the If chose to the when NetSight selecting this option and which to other If the the option from the to this option, the to the TIP If technical related to NetSight the Technical Assistance of the following hours Networks Technical NH FTP: ftp.ctron.com anonymous BBS: 8N1:
and NetSight to NetSight Technical the following To information, to the the highest firmware tested with NetSight to the from the NetSight group. If earlier of firmware and the Technical Assistance NOTE Introduction
Introduction
The Information the Chassis and The the that immediately informs of the of the the as stand-alone IMIM Interface other the MMAC chassis The displays the of the the Physical graphical of the The as of to other which the following chapter. To the of the following or tree the to or or tree the to and from the or the or Chapter
The Information Information or tree the right to the to and the The graphic of the including which immediately informs of the and of the the GX-M and CS clicking of the graphical or the the top of the board-, and information. the the hand to that clicking the location option. TIP
Information Information to displayed If higher than and appear the top and of the that through the NOTE The section below the the following information: This the of NetSight and the the to unknown established with the the to off or the other reason). The amount of that the the If the this field the currently If only or the this field MAC The physical assigned to the Ethernet interface. MAC hard-coded the and The of the FLASH and These supported. IP The assigned to the the title this field the IP to the IP assigned The
The the CS the GX-M Information clicking of the with board-, and as as which apply to the as whole. displays the and to the to the The From the the the following selections: displays of the the Statistics displays and the both and chart LocalTalk and Statistics Chapter information. allows to the SNMP MIB II. to the SNMP further information. the CS only
Information I/F Summary displays statistics the each interface I/F Summary Information the to the previously-mentioned selections, the GX-M to the following selection: Statistics displays statistics the GX-M both and chart and Statistics information. The The the following selection: MIB to the MIB information; to the thorough of the MIB MIB from the the top of NetSight The The the following three selections: Supported the Chassis The Chassis Chassis with information specifically related to the Chassis and About Chassis displays with the Chassis The The to the following selection: displays of the selected board; the The The the CS only, and the following selections: displays of the interface type; the allows to or the selected and The
The The Chassis Information The each type. The the CS ON The and forwarding the from to another. OFF (Red) The or this The of the software. The the GX-M ENB Enabled) The connected to hence, DIS (Red/Disabled) The or this (Blue/Unknown) The of the software. NLK (Yellow/No The of SWOP, activity, or You to the when the offending The Chassis read-only that displays the and the MIB and, therefore, the functionality the currently Select Supported the The Chassis
The MIB The which the functionality both and IETF the the Information Chassis options information about the physical characteristics of the and its The displays of the Select the The From the the of the type. Click the to the Click to the shown the type. The
The the I/F Summary Information Information You of the MIM CS the this option GX-M Click the to the Click The Interface Interface The I/F Summary option statistics the each interface The to statistics that and each interface. To the I/F Summary Select Device>I/F Summary the The I/F Summary
Interface Performance Statistics/Bar Information I/F Summary The I/F Summary of information about each interface as as statistics which each interfaces performance. The assigned to each interface the The type of the interface, distinguished the physical/link immediately below the ethernet-csmacd). text of the interface. Physical the physical or of the interface: or the or of the interface: or The (and, where the accompanying to the right of the interface summary of interface performance. You the to and the which those the directly the interface as follows: The
The Information the right-most field, to the which to the selected statistic: Counts or Rate only when the selected Counts or Rate the Graph from the interface NOTE Once selected the the to specify the would to that the options from this the selected. the statistics (and where refresh to the choice, as below. Counts The count of received or the indicated interface counters counts the following Octets Octets the interface, including characters. (both and the interface and to higher-layer received the interface that though them from to higher to the the interface that that them from to higher-layer Unknown received the interface that of unknown or Octets Octets transmitted the interface, including characters. transmitted, the of higher the interface to subnetwork (both and Outbound that the interface though that them from transmitted. reason to free the
Interface Information Outbound that the interface they The of the indicated interface the to the theoretical that interface type further the following Octets The of received this interface, as of the theoretical Octets The of this interface, as of the theoretical this option, Graph field to the interface this field when the selected Rate The count the selected the The the as those Counts. to the Counts section, of each The I/F Statistics information counts both and and and buffering information each interface. charts graphically statistics both and Unicast, and To the Interface Statistics the I/F Summary to the interface which would to statistics. Click The I/F Statistics The
The Information Interface Three informational appear the of the the interface the currently selected interface. the MAC (physical) of the selected interface. the interface type of the selected ethernet-csmacd). The of the the following and statistics. The first four statistics graphically displayed the charts. Unicast the of to or from this interface that These statistics displayed the chart, Non-Unicast the of transmitted to or from this interface that that than the The field includes count of those that These statistics displayed the chart,
Information the of which though they contained that would typically to free when the becomes this occurring routinely, usually that overwhelming the To this to or to or switches. These statistics the chart, the of or that These statistics displayed the chart, red. Unknown only) the of received which they created unknown or only) the of received the selected interface. only) the of currently from this interface. The amount of memory to and the the the the MRXI to Transmitted only) the of this interface. of Statistics using the I/F Statistics of the interfaces activity and the interface To the of input To the of Transmitted Transmitted To the of inbound and outbound Transmitted To the of inbound that The
The and and To the of outbound that Transmitted The Interface Statistics offer or These options the Interface which the from the to SNMP information the and Interface NOTE From the the CS and To or Click the to the Click to the or to the or as
LocalTalk and Statistics Statistics Statistics LocalTalk Statistics The LocalTalk Statistics displays statistics and the the of the Statistics and graphic as chart. Select Device>LocalTalk Statistics the The LocalTalk Statistics as shown Statistics
and Statistics LocalTalk Statistics The following and statistics appear within the Statistics The performance information the interface as follows: The of the interface. The of transmitted from the LocalTalk interface. caused physical such as the or as follows: The of containing the LocalTalk interface. Collisions The of the LocalTalk interface to the of Clear To reply. Collisions red. Soft Soft caused such as the path. Soft as follows: The of received the interface which there The of received the LocalTalk interface which the match the specified the header. yellow. The of the LocalTalk interface to other from other already This usually that the when the to The to least microseconds to The of the interface received To and expected
Statistics Statistics CTS The of the LocalTalk interface that FCS The of the interface with FCS transmitted, the MAC of the FCS based the of the and that to the The receiving the If the FCS the to corrupted. The Statistics the of statistics and breakdowns the the GX-M only. The chart to the right of the statistics boxes allows to graphically the statistics. the and option buttons, the which collected. gathers from the and each the of the the the of statistics the restarted. gathers the the of the These counts refreshed each Select Device>GatorStar Statistics the The Statistics Statistics and Statistics
and Statistics Statistics The following appear within the Statistics The of the the The of the that than and of or (CRC The of SWOP Without the Spurious The of spurious the the The of with the Too The of than the allowable the the The of the the that of bytes. Aborts The of that aborted the the CRC The of with CRC Check) the the CRC when the the or CRC malfunctioning, which to as The of the the when the with the inbound CD The of CD the the
Prom C CD Clear to Collisions Color-coded Command CRC FCS firmware CS GX-M Statistics Technical I/F Summary interface interface performance statistics Interface IP Statistics MAC (Non-Unicast) Non-Unicast Index-1
OK Physical type CTS Rate Counts Aborts to Soft Spurious without Too Statistics Unicast Unknown Index-2