Ethernet Switches CLI Reference P/N
Networks the right to and other information this and its without The should Networks to whether such The firmware, or software this to without IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERASYS NETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS DOCUMENT, WEB SITE, OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THEM, EVEN IF ENTERASYS NETWORKS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNEW OF, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Inc. MA Inc. rights ENTERASYS, ENTERASYS NETWORKS, ENTERASYS NETSIGHT, WEBVIEW, and associated therewith, or of Networks, Inc. the United States and other countries. other this or of their respective URL: URL: Information this to Notice
ENTERASYS NETWORKS, INC. FIRMWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT This the and Inc., of and its Affiliates (as (Enterasys) that forth rights and obligations with to the software program/firmware (including accompanying or the and conflicting or terms and appearing purchase or other submitted Affiliate partnership, corporation, other of that directly or indirectly through or or by, or with the specified. This the the with to the of this The contained firmware, or other BY INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE USING THE PROGRAM, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACCEPT THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF THE END USER (IF THE END USER IS AN ENTITY ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACT, YOU AND YOUR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REFER TO SUCH ENTITY) AND THAT YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, WHICH INCLUDES, AMONG OTHER PROVISIONS, THE LICENSE, THE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, ENTERASYS IS UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE PROGRAM TO YOU AND YOU AGREE TO RETURN THE UNOPENED PRODUCT TO ENTERASYS OR YOUR DEALER, IF ANY, WITHIN TEN DAYS FOLLOWING THE DATE OF RECEIPT FOR FULL REFUND. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS AGREEMENT, CONTACT ENTERASYS NETWORKS, LEGAL DEPARTMENT AT You and as follows: LICENSE. You the and right to only the of the this to the terms and of this RESTRICTIONS. as otherwise authorized writing Enterasys, You You third to: or the whole or including reasons of correction or interoperability, to the and to the the that such rights excluded. Information necessary to or from and of Enterasys fee. Incorporate the whole or other or based the whole or Publish, or the whole or Assign, lease, of security or otherwise the whole or copyright, rights, or warning included or of the APPLICABLE LAW. This and the and the and of the Commonwealth of without to its conflicts of You the and of the Commonwealth of of the United Nations Convention the the International of and the Uniform Information apply to this EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You that and its Affiliates to of the U.S. including the U.S. of which or of technical products to to the obtained from the U.S. Government or from such the exporting party. If the from the United States to the CIV the U.S. Administration Regulations, You that You user of the and that You the and BEFORE OPENING OR UTILIZING THE ENCLOSED PRODUCT, CAREFULLY READ THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.
If the from the United States to the TSR the U.S. Administration Regulations, to the restriction forth Section or of this You to reexport or release the the the or to of country Country D:1 or E:2 North the Peoples of or such other countries as the United States to Country D:1 or E:2 (as the of the or the such to security as the U.S. or the of the or of to Country D:1 or E:2 the of the or thereof, such to security as the U.S. or to State the U.S. Munitions UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. The restricted software submitted with restricted rights with section through of the SoftwareRestricted Rights and its and to and/or its of the software with DFARS section and its and or the U.S. Government to forth DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. EXCEPT FOR THOSE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO YOU IN WRITING BY ENTERASYS, ENTERASYS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM. IF IMPLIED WARRANTIES MAY NOT BE DISCLAIMED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THEN ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO THIRTY DAYS AFTER DELIVERY OF THE PROGRAM TO YOU. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERASYS OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR RELIANCE DAMAGES, OR OTHER LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM, EVEN IF ENTERASYS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS FOREGOING LIMITATION SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION UNDER WHICH DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT. THE CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF ENTERASYS TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE PROGRAM, IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FEES PAID TO ENTERASYS BY YOU FOR THE RIGHTS GRANTED HEREIN. AUDIT RIGHTS. You acknowledge that the property rights associated with the of to Enterasys, and, accordingly, You to records and accounts showing and and the copying and of the You to and its authorized reasonable the right to and business hours, records, accounts and which the to with this including the of the and and the copying and of the Enterasys right of examination reasonably, and to unreasonably with business. the such with this including of the or breach of this You promptly to the the right, to its and without to terminate this effective immediately, to comply with this such termination, You immediately of the and to the and of the OWNERSHIP. This and You acknowledge and that the and/or copyrighted of and/or its You to reasonable security to such and copyrighted right, title and and to the with and/or its rights specifically to You to Enterasys.
ENFORCEMENT. You acknowledge and that breach of Sections or of this You which recovery of money and that to to Enterasys rights this to and ASSIGNMENT. You assign, or this or of rights or obligations this that You this to or which substantially of assign this its This and to the of the their and assigns as this attempted assignment, or of the of this and breach of this WAIVER. waiver of breach of of the terms and of this writing and as waiver of breach of such or Enterasys to breach of such as waiver of breach or other SEVERABILITY. the of this found to or the and enforceability of of the affected or impaired thereby, and that and to the such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability or or such other TERMINATION. terminate this immediately breach of of the and of this such termination, You immediately of the and to the and of the
This of This Welcome to the CLI Reference This to the Command Interface (CLI) and to to switch the this supported. to the Release Notes shipped with to which features supported. knowledge of operations and of CLI helpful this This to the following: Access the CLI. CLI commands to network and operations and and and dynamicallyassigned classifications. and security including 802.1X and RADIUS, MAC and MAC authentication. The as follows: Introduction of the that accomplished using the CLI interface, of of the factory and information about using the Command Interface (CLI). to to firmware to and to to the and to the CLI. Chapter Discovery to the Chapter to and and to or switch and switch including and Chapter SNMP to SNMP users and rights, and Notice About This CLI Reference
Related Related About This Tree to and Tree the including priority, and and to and Tree including and the and Protect Chapter 802.1Q VLAN to the of each establish VLAN to VLAN ID, the and associated with VLAN and VLAN, and the as Chapter Differentiated Services to and Chapter to or or based businessspecific of services; to or to services creating and assigning which to to classify to VLAN or Class of Service (CoS); and to assign or to that activated to accordingly. Chapter Priority and Rate to the of each and and of Chapter IGMP to (IGMP) Chapter and Network to to switch to and to SNTP and Chapter RMON to RMON (Remote Network which and performance information and allows SNMP stations and Chapter DHCP to and DHCP to and DHCP and to DHCP information. Chapter Security to 802.1X authentication EAPOL, to RADIUS Shell MAC authentication, MAC and Authentication. The following to and this Ethernet obtained from the World Format (PDF) the following
Used This The following the text of this Indicates or Indicates titles. Used of information displayed the Indicates user-supplied or optional. optional One or required. choice with choice of with choice of of with and choice of optional The following this the to item of information that of information to to the related to this switch or Networks of the following World (toll-free U.S. and or the Networks toll-free country: To type [SWITCHING] the To or concerning this to the Technical Publications to include the the Used This CLI Reference
About This the following information ready: service of the of action(s) already to the switches or the The and of the of type) Network and the of known) The switch history the switch this recurring Authorization (RMA)
CLI Switch This chapter of the and functionality, of the that accomplished the CLI interface, of to the switch, factory and information about to the Command Interface to the switch. information about... to CLI Switch Factory the Command Interface CLI interface allows to of including the following: CLI commands to and switch operations. Download firmware Assign IP and Select and Establish and and classifications. and security including 802.1X and RADIUS, PWA, MAC and MAC authentication. The switch the following Locally using VT type connected to the Remotely VT type through Remotely SNMP station. through using the NetSight Introduction CLI Reference
Factory Factory Introduction Remotely The instructions or to the switch. The following factory the switch. Switch Switch CDP CDP authentication to CDP to seconds. CDP of CDP to seconds. DP to seconds. DP to seconds. Community DHCP Disabled. EAPOL Disabled. EAPOL authentication to GARP to centiseconds; to centiseconds; to centiseconds. GVRP History IEEE authentication Disabled. IGMP Disabled. to seconds and to seconds. IP and to to IP Enabled. (LACP) to Flow Stop Parity:
Table Switch (Continued) flow Disabled. to to DIP-SIP. to Read-Write and Read-Only users, and to the account to UDP severity to applications. MAC to seconds. MAC locking and to user accounts. ENTER the to CLI. Disabled. history when created. and to to switch to 100BASE-FX and 1000BASE-X, which to Enabled. to to 1000BASE-X, which to and 100BASE-FX, which to to Ethernet Priority when created. RADIUS Disabled. RADIUS action the to RADIUS the to RADIUS timeout the to seconds. Rate and SNMP Enabled. SNTP Disabled. Tree and Factory CLI Reference
Factory Introduction Table Switch (Continued) Tree Edge with the to initially the If Tree BDPU the within seconds, the to Tree Enabled. Tree to seconds. Tree to seconds. Tree ID (SID) to Tree to seconds. Tree with to priority). Tree Bridge to Tree topology Enabled. Tree to Tree SSH Disabled. to to location to to CLI to and Timeout to accounts to Read-Only access; Read-Write access; and access. VLAN VLAN ID VLAN of VLAN VLAN
the Command Interface Starting CLI Connecting the Connecting to the as The the You the Command Interface (CLI) account, as Account or administrativelyassigned account as Administratively Account Screen Command Interface Inc. MA U.S.A. WWW: Copyright Inc. Chassis Chassis Revision: Once the IP establish from TCP/ IP based the information about the switchs IP to To establish to the switchs IP (user and information of the following If the switchs and follow the Account or administrativelyconfigured user and The of authorization and the displays as shown information about to Starting and the Command Interface CLI Reference
the Command Interface Account Administratively Account the Command Interface with CLI CLI Command Introduction to the instructions included with the information about establishing the switch with three accounts ReadOnly access, ReadWrite access, and to The to information these to Accounts and If this the first to the switch, or the accounts as follows: At the of the following ReadOnly access. ReadWrite access. access. Press ENTER. The displays. this and ENTER. The switch information and as shown If the switchs user account as follows: At the administrativelyassigned and ENTER. At the and ENTER. The of authorization and the displays as shown with Read-Write and Read-Only the to their with the to and accounts, and the to account The switch allows to and information commands or the command. Each this includes section which information from the factory the switch Table The section CLI the without optional (indicated commands without optional the section commands with optional this section the CLI the to only the of the
CLI Command Performing CLI If specified, information displayed. Each this includes section which whether the ReadWrite, or ReadOnly with ReadOnly to ReadOnly commands. with Read to and commands, as as ReadOnly commands. or allowed ReadWrite and ReadOnly and to user accounts. The switch which as of the following ReadWrite: ReadOnly: and commands with the shows to the snmp command. this four the snmp command. and of these (such as snmp community within the Performing snmp community SNMP community SNMP SNMP SNMP without of commands that with the shows to this function commands with Performing At the of the the the command without the the Command Interface CLI Reference
the Command Interface Scrolling and Completing Commands Introduction If the CLI the command as CLI than to To Press other than ENTER to the Press ENTER to the The shows the that than Scrolling MAC FID Learned Learned Learned Learned Learned Learned Learned Learned Learned The switch allows to CLI commands and to the of characters that allow to the command to Command Active (including State TCP ESTABLISHED TCP ESTABLISHED TCP LISTEN TCP LISTEN UDP UDP UDP UDP
Editing Commands The CLI commands. commonly commands. Table Editing Command Ctrl+A to of back character. character. to of Ctrl+F character. character to of Ctrl+I or TAB Complete characters Ctrl+N to history the CLI history command to the history). to previous command command history. the CLI process. the CLI scrolling). Ctrl+T characters. Ctrl+U or characters Ctrl+W to the of the recently the Command Interface CLI Reference
the Command Interface Introduction
Commands At the switch with and features. This chapter to to to information about... to Commands Accounts and Switch Activating Licensed and Ethernet Downloading and Selecting and Switch and Clearing and Closing the CLI the Switch and The this section reference the CLI commands to D2 switch operation. Table and their associated CLI commands the switch with the firmware. Table optional CLI commands that basic the switch. to the information about each command. Table CLI Commands CLI commands username the switch IP Download, and firmware the switch using TFTP CLI Reference to
Accounts and Accounts and Commands Optional CLI Commands CLI commands the active or SSH. or inbound outbound or HTTP or SNMP the threshold-value VLAN. IP and severity severity severity and RADIUS network-access and first MAC locking To the switchs and and to accounts and The commands to user accounts and below. information about... to clear history to
this to user account information. Switch command, This shows to account information. this switch history Access State read-only read-write of the Table What It Displays... history of previously that when the executed. with history of with Access assigned to this account: read-write or read-only. State Whether this user account or CLI Reference
clear this to account, or to or existing account. The switch to accounts, including the account, which username read-write read-only username or existing This of characters, although of characters recommended the readwrite readonly the this or the account. Switch command, This shows to account with the with user this to user account. clear username username the of the account to cleared. Switch command, The account
This shows to the account: this command to or to the CLI. username username to with access.) or account the switch the following account ReadOnly access. ReadWrite access. access. (This allows ReadWrite to including accounts.) Switch command, readwrite. Switch command, ReadWrite users their the This shows would the ReadWrite from the Please Please This shows with ReadWrite would his Please Please Please CLI Reference
this to the user length. characters characters the of characters account to Switch command, This shows to the to characters: this command to the of user or to account the of to Switch command, This shows to the to
history this to the of user that This from the with the command. history the of to Switch command, This shows to the to the history this command to locking users to to the Switch command, This shows to this switch of the history CLI Reference
Switch Switch Commands What It Displays... of allowed read-write or read-only account of the user account the To and the IP and other basic (switch) The commands to information below. information about... to clear recurring clear clear
information about... to location this to the IP and Switch command, readonly. This shows to the IP and this to the IP and The D2 the to the host's to routed interface IP. The host's the CLI Reference
clear clear the IP the (Optional) the (Optional) the If specified, to the of the and to the Switch command, readwrite. the shown IP, then then the to accepted. This shows to the IP to with of this to clear the IP clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the IP D2(rw)->clear
this to the to network IP switch Switch command, readonly. This shows to the to network IP IP this to specify the to IP switch Selects BOOTP as the to to the IP Selects DHCP as the to to the IP to the IP Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to IP to DHCP. CLI Reference
this command to information, including information, and and Switch command, readonly. This shows to information: location: PWR1-A PWR1-B Not and/or Not PWR2-A PWR2-B Not and/or Not and/or Not Not and/or Not Not and/or Not of the command What It Displays... the of with the location Where the located. of with the location location the of with the PWR1-A the connected to PWR1-A the switch. PWR1-B the supply connected to PWR1-B the switch. PWR2-A the supply connected to PWR2-A the switch.
Table (Continued) What It Displays... PWR2-B the supply connected to PWR1-B the switch. of the fan(s). (This the D2.) or CLI connected of with the this command to the Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Please that the information displayed from this SLOT HARDWARE INFORMATION D2G124-12 ID: MAC 00:11:88:B1:76:C0 BCM56514 REV FirmWare this command to information about the the switch, or the memory of the and SDRAM the or the the switch. CLI Reference
information about the the switch. information about the memory the switch. information about the the switch. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the CPU D2(ro)->show CPU Switch CPU This shows to the memory D2(ro)->show RAM RAM Other This shows to information about the the shown. D2(ro)->show Switch:1 CPU:1 TID tEmWeb
this to the of which CoS operation. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to this to or which CoS operation. this the switch, the to whether to proceed. or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the this to CLI Reference
this to the of the clock. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the The shows the of the month, and the of hours, and seconds and the THU SEP this command to the of the clock. the month, year and/or 24hour At least of Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the clock to
this to daylight Switch command, readonly. This shows to daylight and to SUN APR SUN OCT hours Recurring: of the first of and of the of October this to or the function. or the daylight function. (Optional) to the daylight If specified, applied. Switch command, readonly. This shows to daylight function: CLI Reference
recurring this to to and daylight These nonrecurring and to annually. start_month start_year end_month end_year offset_minutes start_month the month of the to daylight the of the month to start_year the to daylight the of to Format end_month the month of the to daylight the of the month to daylight end_year the year to daylight the of to Format offset_minutes (Optional) the amount of to offset from the nondaylight If offset specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to daylight of and of October with offset of October this to recurring daylight These and the specified of the month and hour each and to annually. recurring start_month end_month offset_minutes the of the month to first, second, third, fourth, and
clear the of the to daylight the of to daylight Format the of the month to the of the to daylight the of to Format offset_minutes (Optional) the amount of to offset daylight from the nondaylight If offset specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the first of and the of October with offset of hour: recurring first October this command to clear the daylight clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the daylight CLI Reference clear
this command to the text the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the command to Switch Switch Switch this to the of the that Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the D2(rw)->show of and and with shrubbery Arthur containing the text as shown the below.
clear this command to the of the displayed text and The of the This text that to used. and Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of the to read: of and and with shrubbery "O of and and with shrubbery this to clear the of the displayed to clear Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference
This shows to clear the of the to D2(rw)->clear this command to and information. to Downloading instructions to firmware Switch command, readonly. This shows to information. Please that information displayed, the type of Copyright Networks, Inc. D2G124-12P REV Table of the Table What It Displays... of supported. Switchs of the switch. firmware
location this to the (Optional) text that the If specified, the cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to Information Information this to the location of the location (Optional) text that where the located. If specified, the location cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the location location N32-04 containing the text as shown the below. location containing the as shown the below. CLI Reference
this command to the (Optional) text that the of the to If specified, the cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Smith this to the of the connected to the switchs the of to (Optional) this (written to NVRAM). Switch command, readwrite. The of of CLI using the as containing the text as shown the below.
This shows to the to this command to the of the CLI This command (written to NVRAM). the of the CLI which the Scrolling and from to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to this to the seconds) or CLI connected Switch command, readonly. CLI Reference
This shows to the CLI currently to: this to the or CLI connected timeout timeout the of the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the timeout to this command to [parity] (Optional) the input/output (Optional) the of character. flowcontrol (Optional) the type of flow (Optional) the type of parity. (Optional) the of If specified, displayed.
Activating Licensed Switch command, readonly. This shows to Flow StopBits Parity this to the the and Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to to the D2 advanced features, such as purchase and If purchased to as this section. If to or the Customer or the CLI Reference
Clearing, Showing, and Commands to as character to the following: INCREMENT 0123456789AB 0123456789AB The of the from the Typethe type of the the this field INCREMENT. of the licensed. D2 as shown the character Datebased the the this field typeindicates whether the or If the this field the of the If the this field the Keythe IDthe of the switch to which this activating that and the character rather than the text manually. displayed, applied, and cleared only with the commands this chapter. commands such as or clear apply to Every associated with platform, based the of the platform. If to from platform to another, Customer to rehosting of the The commands to and below. information about... to clear this to the features. type DBV
type the type of the the this INCREMENT. The of the licensed. DBV as of the Indicates whether the or If the this field the of the If the this field the The The of the switch to which this Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the switch with this the switch standalone its INCREMENT DF6A8558E5AB and this to information switches with activated Switch command, readonly. CLI Reference
clear clear and Ethernet displayed, applied, and cleared with the commands this chapter. commands such as or clear This shows to information. D2(ro)->show INCREMENT 31173CAC6495 Active this to clear the clear The of the cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the D2 D2(rw)->clear commands this section apply only to the shipped with to To and and including the to the the threshold each whether or SNMP when and Notice
Commands threshold The commands to and below. information about... to threshold this to Switch command, readonly. This shows to Detection Unit Consumption(W) Threshold(%) Trap this to the threshold. threshold usage-threshold threshold threshold as of to CLI Reference
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the threshold to threshold this to or the of SNMP whenever the of its or whenever the threshold crossed. The threshold the threshold as or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to this command to (Optional) information If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly.
Downloading This shows to information this the and from Priority Class wireless searching this command to or off high type type the which to off the to off or the the to high (highest), high or type type the type of connected to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to with priority: You the firmware the switch without physically the switch or the location. There to to the switch: TFTP This TFTP connected to the and the using the TFTP to TFTP the command, to information TFTP timeout and to timeout and the This outofband that the firmware through the to the switch. It should when the switch to the inband TFTP. tested with the following CLI Reference
Downloading Downloading from TFTP Downloading the HyperTerminal Copyright other explicitly supported. The D2 switch allows to and The and selected as the the commands this section. To TFTP as follows: If already the switchs IP the as Download the command as To switch firmware the as follows: With the connected, the switch. The following displays: Computing MD5 of Select option. If selection seconds then Select the type to the The using option using XMODEM (64KB). XMODEM the to factory
The following selection screen displays: to the switch to The following displays: to the to and ENTER. From the options type to XMODEM. the XMODEM the following and header information Ready to the with XMODEM/CRC.... Ready to RECEIVE characters to XMODEM checking CRC.... CRC. The following the MD5 Checksum....................fe967970996c4c8c43a10cd1cd7be99a Type......................0x82 length....................0x006053b3 Length............0x0028 D2G124-12 From the options type to the selection the switch to The following displays: to the to and ENTER. From the options type to the The following displays: Uncompressing..... Downloading CLI Reference
and Selecting to Previous and Selecting Commands the that to to previous of completing the following this chapter. You to these as previous of the as Downloading this of to the as and Selecting the the as To and the the switch The D2 switch allows to and which selected as the the commands this section. The commands to and the switchs below. information about... to this to the firmware the switch Switch command, readonly.
and Commands This shows to the switchs to bootfile this to the the switch the of the firmware Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the firmware to To or and to to host. The switch allows of four inbound and or outbound to The commands to and below. information about... to CLI Reference
this to the of the switch. Switch command, readonly. This shows to inbound currently: ENABLED outbound currently: ENABLED this command to or the switch. inbound outbound or services. inbound (Optional) inbound service (the to to this switch), outbound outbound service (the to to other or (both inbound and outbound). If specified, both inbound and outbound service Switch command, readwrite. This shows to inbound and outbound services: and terminated, disabled.
Switch and this command to to host. The switch allows of four inbound and or outbound to the or IP of the host. (Optional) the If specified, the used. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to The of which that when CLI commands or when the switch the to NVRAM the following On the and there On the the every there If to to NVRAM often than the the and the to the the You the from to with the snmp command. If the to commands written to NVRAM. Although the commands actively the they the SNMP and to the the to or that CLI Reference
snmp Commands snmp To and the CLI commands, manually the and and and and TFTP information about... to snmp snmp timeout clear timeout clear this to the snmp Switch command, readonly. the to which If the to commands
snmp to when the the issued as This shows to the this to which snmp this to the which whether automatically, or the command. information. snmp the to This the the to to the issued as This back to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to snmp this command to the If this the to switch snmp CLI Reference
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the this to and the (Optional) the or directory to If specified, the displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the and the (bytes) Apr D2G124-12, D2G124-12P (Active) (bytes) D2G124-12, D2G124-12P
SSH baserouter_dec baserouter_mar baserouter_apr this command to the of the of the to Switch command, readonly. This shows to text the directory. that of the shown this D2(rw)->show configs/mypolicy GUEST" LABORATORIES" CLI Reference
this command to the or write the to facility (Optional) and facility (Optional) the of facility which to router to router (Optional) that the written to text the configs/ directory. the directory to information Switch command, readonly. The that this command the of the the facility the facility This shows to write the to D2(rw)->show This shows to the facility D2(rw)->show This command shows only. to both and NON-DEFAULT CONFIGURATION
this to previously the switch. the and of the to (Optional) the to the This to the of the directly the CLI and used, to to the If specified, the with the of the which of the chassis. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the configs/Jan1_2004.cfg this to or or CLI location and of the to the directory, or the URL of TFTP location and of the where the copied. location and or the URL of TFTP Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference
This shows to TFTP: This shows to to the directory: tftp://10.1.192.1/Jan1_2004.cfg configs/Jan1_2004.cfg this command to or CLI from the switch. the to the and Switch command, readwrite. the command to and This shows to the configs/Jan1_2004.cfg this command to TFTP the switch TFTP. Switch command, readonly.
timeout clear timeout The TFTP timeout with the timeout command. The TFTP with the command. This shows the of this command. D2(ro)->show TFTP timeout (seconds): TFTP retry: this command to TFTP of acknowledgement or timeout seconds seconds the of seconds to reply. The from to seconds. seconds. Switch command, readwrite. This the timeout to seconds. timeout this command to the TFTP timeout to the of seconds. clear timeout CLI Reference timeout
clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the timeout to the of seconds. clear timeout this to TFTP acknowledgement or the of The from to Switch command, readwrite. This the count to this to the TFTP to the of clear Switch command, readwrite.
Clearing and Closing the CLI Commands (clear This to clear the to the of clear To clear the CLI or to CLI The commands to clear and the CLI below. information about... to this to clear the the CLI Switch command, readonly. This shows to clear the CLI of these commands to CLI Clearing and Closing the CLI CLI Reference
the Switch the Switch Commands Switch command, readonly. switch timeout of user inactivity, closing CLI the to this This to CLI To or switches, and to clear the information about... to clear this to the switch without Switch command, readwrite.
clear and This shows to the This and to this to clear the clear Switch command, readwrite. this clear the both NVRAM and the memory the switch. This clear the IP of the switch. the clear to clear the IP This shows to clear (The Networks switch and TCP the switch. You and or using the commands this section. securely SSL SSL the switch. SSL To type the IP of the switch To SSL, type https:// then the IP of the switch. CLI Reference clear
Commands information about... to this command to Switch command, readonly. This shows to D2(rw)->show Enabled. this to or the switch. or the switch. Switch command, readwrite.
It security reasons to HTTP the switch when finished with and then to the switch when to This shows to the switch: this to SSL Switch command, readonly. This shows to SSL D2(rw)->show SSL this to or the of SSL SSL the switch. This command to the that or the to SSL. and then the SSL process. SSL, and then SSL. CLI Reference
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SSL:
CDP Commands Discovery This to information about... to CDP Discovery To and the CDP discovery This to this allows to about themselves to neighboring The commands to and the CDP discovery below. information about... to auth hold-time clear neighbors this to the of the CDP and or CLI Reference
Discovery (Optional) CDP of to Used the CLI If specified, CDP information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to CDP information through CDP CDP Supported CDP CDP Authentication CDP Table of the Table What It Displays... CDP Whether CDP or The of with the command. to CDP CDP number(s) the switch. CDP seconds) which CDP The of seconds with the hold-time command. to hold-time CDP Authentication Authentication CDP The of the auth command. to auth CDP seconds) which CDP transmitted. The of seconds with the command. to of to Used the CLI
auth (Continued) What It Displays... Whether CDP or the this to or the CDP discovery or or the CDP the specified which the becomes its first CDP (Optional) or CDP of to Used the CLI If specified, the CDP Switch command, readwrite. This shows to CDP: This shows to the CDP This shows to the CDP this command to CDP authentication auth auth-code CLI Reference
Discovery authcode authentication the CDP This to Switch command, readwrite. The authentication switchs CDP If or switches the CDP authentication they each others CDP If they authentication they and each others CDP switch with the authentication characters) switches, what their authentication and them its CDP neighbor This shows to the CDP authentication to auth this command to the seconds) of the CDP the of CDP from to seconds. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the CDP to seconds:
hold-time clear this to the CDP hold-time hold-time holdtime the CDP from to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to CDP to seconds: hold-time this to CDP to clear hold-time auth-code (Optional) the CDP to portstate (Optional) the to (Optional) the to seconds. holdtime (Optional) the to seconds. authcode (Optional) the authentication to of At least optional Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the CDP to CLI Reference hold-time
neighbors neighbors Discovery Discovery This displays Neighbor Discovery information the CDP or DP neighbors (Optional) the or which to Neighbor Discovery information. If specified, Neighbor Discovery information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This displays information both the CDP and the DP This displays Neighbor Discovery information neighbors ID ID Network 00-01-f4-00-70-8a To and the discovery Discovery to topology. they allow to about themselves to neighboring Specifically, this from of information about the switch and the
Commands The commands to and the discovery below. to neighbors information about... to info clear this to information. Switch command, readonly. This shows to DP information. (TTl): ID 001188554A60 WED NOV Table of the Table What It Displays... Whether DP or that DP DP received. of with the command. CLI Reference
info info Discovery Table (Continued) What It Displays... The of seconds discovery PDU The of seconds with the command. of seconds neighboring PDU from the of with the command. ID The MAC of the switch. The that the DP neighbor discovered. this to summary information about the or info (Optional) DP information of to Used the CLI If specified, DP information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to DP information Ethernet info trusted Table of the info What It Displays... of to Used the CLI State Whether DP or the of the command. Whether VLAN ID this of the command.
Table info (Continued) What It Displays... The of the of the command. The Class of Service traffic. The of the command. this command to or the the switch. only DP received. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to CiscoDP: this to the of seconds discovery PDU seconds seconds the of seconds DP PDU from to seconds. CLI Reference
Discovery Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the DP to seconds. this to the to (TTL) discovery This the amount of seconds, neighboring PDU from the hold-time holdtime the to DP from to seconds. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to DP to seconds: hold-time this to the VLAN, and CoS the Discovery or trusted the or and the VLAN PDU the VLAN ID,
VLAN This the Instructs attached to Instructs phone to trusted the the Instructs attached phone to allow the connected to to containing CoS or This the Instructs attached phone to overwrite the of transmitted the connected to to or to the with the Instructs attached phone to overwrite the of transmitted the connected to with the specified when the of the to from to with indicating the lowest priority. the which VLAN: CoS Switch readwrite. The following the DP the switch. DP of trusted or meaningful when IP connected to switch and PC or other connected to the back of the IP DP of trusted or affects transmitted the connected to the IP the connected to the IP phone unaffected this If the switch to DP of (with the trusted of this command), this to the IP phone instructing to allow the connected to to containing CoS or If the switch to DP of this to the IP instructing it to overwrite the of the connected to it to or to the specified the of this command. There onetoone the with the and the assigned to the IP of to of Therefore, of the highest priority. CLI Reference
clear clear Discovery The Discovery the This shows to the DP VLAN ID to and the This shows to the DP to and the CoS to trusted this to clear the discovery back to the clear Clears to of Clears the PDU to of seconds. Clears the PDU to of seconds. Clears the Clears the to the of Clears the VLAN PDU to Clears the of the to trusted. Clears the CoS of the to (Optional) the which If DP to the and Switch readwrite. This shows to clear the DP back to the D2(rw)->clear This shows to clear the DP D2(rw)->clear
Summary Used the CLI This chapter the of commands and to them. information about... to Summary and and and Advertised Flow and Detection Broadcast Mirroring (LACP) Protected Commands the following to type, location, and type.unit number.port Where type Ethernet the interfaces IEEE802.3 Where the D2 and the D2G12412 and the D2G12412P The highest the of the and the type. CLI Reference
Summary Used the CLI SFP 100BASE-FX The often interchangeably with the switch CLI to location. You wildcard to of would Ethernet This shows the specifying the Ethernet This shows the specifying Ethernet the This shows the specifying (of interface type) the SFP the D2G12412 and D2G12412P tranceivers 1000BASELX/SX and 1000BASET Optionally, these Ethernet 100BASEFX when that and Procedure completed each Procedure SFP 100BASE-FX Command(s) the the to 100BASE-TX the to the to (Optional) the
Commands This shows to the D2G12412 to with 100BASEFX the shown as operating as 1000BASESX the with the the and the 10BASE-T 10BASE-TFD 100BASE-TX 100BASE-TXFD 1000BASE-T 1000BASE-TFD (truncated) N/A N/A 1000BASE-SX (truncated) 100.0M 100BASE-FX information, to the commands this chapter and to To operating type, and information about and transmitted through or switch the The commands to below. information about... to counters CLI Reference
this command to whether or or switching. (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information this to operating and and type or the (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly.
counters This shows to information (truncated) N/A N/A RJ45 Table of the command Table What It Displays... of to Used the CLI (truncated) the using the command, to or Whether the specified or the to the of to the to to or of the specified the to to or of the specified the to to and Physical and interface type. this command to counter statistics through the and through MIB2 counters switch (Optional) counter statistics of to Used the CLI switch (Optional) switch or MIB2 statistics. Switch statistics performance of the MIB2 interface statistics performance of If specified, counter statistics displayed If or switch specified, counter statistics displayed the specified CLI Reference counters
counters Switch command, readonly. This shows to counter statistics, including MIB2 and through the counters MIB2 Interface: counter MIB2 Interface Counters Octets Unicast Broadcast Octets Unicasts Broadcast 802.1Q Switch Counters Transmitted This shows to counter statistics related to through the counters switch Bridge 802.1Q Switch Counters Transmitted Table of the Table counters What It Displays... of to Used the CLI MIB2 Interface MIB2 interface Bridge IEEE 802.1D
and Commands Table counters (Continued) What It Displays... MIB2 Interface MIB2 counts Counters 802.1Q Switch Counts of received, transmitted, and Counters To and or and to to You to or to troubleshoot assigned information about... to this to or this to the physical Ethernet the learn the forwarding the to of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to and CLI Reference
this to or the to of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to this to the or (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information D2(rw)->show user
and Commands this to assign to the to which assigned. of to Used the CLI (Optional) Assigns to the If the the text surrounded characters. If specified, the assigned to the cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to assign the to This shows to clear the To and the and the or or These that disabled. information about... to CLI Reference
this to the or (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Ethernet this to the of or This that the which to of to Used the CLI the or Switch command, readwrite.
This shows to to of this to the or or (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Ethernet this to the type or This command that the which type of to Used the CLI the to or halfduplex operation. CLI Reference
Commands Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to To and or This allows Ethernet to to KB information about... to clear this to the of and (MTU) or (Optional) the of of to Used the CLI If specified, Switch command, readonly.
clear This shows to the of this to or or or (Optional) the which to or of to Used the CLI If specified, or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to Ethernet this command to to or clear (Optional) the which to to of to Used the CLI If specified, CLI Reference
and and Advertised Commands Switch command, readwrite. This shows to Ethernet To or and to and the the the other of the what its and of operation If the to the specified and the flow commands. operation, with to that the to The choose to that of its and the others to SFP 100BASEFX information SFP activated that information about... to clear this command to the of or
(Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to Ethernet this to or or the which to or of to Used the CLI or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to Ethernet this to and as as and CLI Reference
(Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to and 10BASE-T 10BASE-TFD 100BASE-TX 100BASE-TXFD 1000BASE-T 1000BASE-TFD 10BASE-T 10BASE-TFD 100BASE-TX 100BASE-TXFD 1000BASE-T 1000BASE-TFD this to what speed/duplex Select the which to of to Used the CLI 10BASET 10BASET 100BASETX
clear 100BASETX to SFP 100BASEFX information SFP tranceivers. 1000BASET 1000BASET PAUSE Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to 1000BASET this command to to speed/duplex when with another clear Clear of to Used the CLI 10BASET 10BASET 100BASETX 100BASETX 1000BASET 1000BASET PAUSE Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference clear
Flow Flow Commands flowcontrol This shows to to MB To review, or flow Flow to the as specified IEEE to from overwhelmed from information about... to flowcontrol flowcontrol this to the flowcontrol Switch command, readonly. This shows to the flowcontrol Flow
flowcontrol and Detection Commands this to or flowcontrol or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to flow flowcontrol To or and to the function. to SNMP indicating to their or The function when and physical and the actions and eventually to such If the to because it Tree and routing information about... to portstate action CLI Reference flowcontrol
information about... to clear action threshold downtime clear clear this command to whether the SNMP its (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, the displayed. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to through this to of SNMP when their
the which to or of to Used the CLI or when when Switch command, readwrite. The following this to and information. portstate portsupported actsupported action threshold downtime currentcount totalcount the of the of the of portsupported which the function. actsupported actions the allowed seconds to action actions whether deactivated threshold the of allowed action the counting downtime deactivated. currentcount the CLI Reference
totalcount occurred the the the or the of the (Optional) information If specified, information about displayed. If specified, information displayed. Switch readonly. The shown the following Condition action allowed seconds threshold of allowed action This shows to the of the function: This shows to to D2(rw)->show currently DOWN This shows to the D2(rw)->show Table (X occurred) LF Actions Threshold Downtime D..S..T ...S..T of the
What it displays... LF Actions Actions to the allowed Threshold of to the action. seconds) Downtime seconds) This shows to the D2(rw)->show CurrentCount TotalCount Table of the What displays... to the function. CurrentCount count the threshold. TotalCount of seconds) the of this to or the function. or the function. the function and T= SNMP CLI Reference
Switch readwrite. the function and If using the commands, retained. This shows to the function. this command to or or or the function. (Optional) the or which to or If specified, or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the this to the seconds) the which to the seconds. of the to
action clear action Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to seconds. this to reactions to action the which to the action. the reaction as the interface. the reaction as entry. the reaction as SNMP the reaction as of the Switch readwrite. This shows to the action to action this command to clear reactions to clear action CLI Reference action
threshold threshold (Optional) the which to clear the action. Clears the reaction as the interface. Clears the reaction as Clears the reaction as SNMP Clears the reaction as of the If specified, actions cleared Switch readwrite. This shows to clear the action to entry. D2(rw)->clear action this to the action count. threshold threshold-value the which to the action count. thresholdvalue the of to the action. of Switch readwrite. This shows to the threshold to threshold
downtime clear this to the seconds) or downtime the which to the downtime. downtime seconds. of the downtime to Switch readwrite. This shows to the downtime to seconds. downtime this to to clear (Optional) the to If specified, Switch readwrite. This shows to D2(rw)->clear downtime CLI Reference
clear clear Broadcast Commands this to clear options and or statistics or clear threshold downtime Clears options and statistics, or clears only statistics. Clears threshold Clears threshold, downtime or downtime (Optional specified) the which to clear If specified, and/or statistics cleared Switch readwrite. This shows to clear options D2(rw)->clear To and the threshold or This the of the switch Broadcast thresholds apply only to affected. threshold of used, of Broadcast protects and ARP information about... to clear
this to thresholds. (Optional) Select the which to thresholds. of to Used the CLI If specified, of displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the thresholds through BC Threshold this to the threshold, second, or This threshold the that and switched to other threshold-val Select the which to thresholds. of to Used the CLI thresholdval the threshold broadcast traffic. Ethernet CLI Reference
clear clear Switch command, readwrite. broadcast to the D2. If to the the threshold each to the of which as the section, The threshold to This through with of this to clear the threshold to the of the selected clear threshold Select the which to clear thresholds. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This clears the threshold to through threshold
Mirroring Mirroring Commands should who knowledgeable about the of and its operation. The allows to (or redirect) the switched the of and becomes another within the The the following features: Mirroring manytoone that to Both and mirrored. as when the operationally active. created, the from the of VLAN MAC learned with the VLAN ID. This the to hops. Traffic to VLAN traffic. This the downstream as It recommended that (such as Tree) inter-switch that might affected To and the information about... to clear this to the and and whether currently or those CLI Reference Mirroring
Switch command, readonly. This shows to information. this as and and these Mirroring Source Mirrored and Mirroring this to relationship or to or existing relationship Notes: created, the from VLAN "MAC learned with the VLAN ID. This the to hops. Creates, or the specified the This the which the monitored. of to Used the CLI the This the that or the the of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite.
clear (LACP) that LAG and their physical as (LACP) mirrored. This shows to and with as the and as the this to clear relationship. clear the of the to cleared. of to Used the CLI the of the to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear and should who knowledgeable about Tree and and the of the of the to increase switch which accomplished both of that as (LAG). Once LAG from selected with the Tree this LAG as the (LACP) interfaces together to or to the IEEE CLI Reference clear
(LACP) LACP Operation LACP Terminology This allows the switch to which and them the based the IEEE switch from that this automatically. LACP to (that or to router. of to of as each the LACP: information (reflecting the of the as as those established to information with other to the to (LAG). to, (LAG) The to to the to the the LAG, and the from the when the LAG. information from the to whether to The of LACP the following Checking that actually aggregated. the of to LAG, and the creation of the necessary. the of to that the from LAG its membership and the to allow LACP to whether of to the and to whether those from the of of to to each that of the of associated with each and with each as of LAG and its associated The of LAG displayed as when active Table LACP
Considerations Table LACP Terms and Definitions Definition that physical Each which the CLI as through LAG Group. Once physical associated with the as LAG with LACPDU Unit. The information of and states. the first (the actor) to the (the actors what the knows, both about its and that of its and the Its the the other of the of the other containing information about their LACP and assigned to and physical that LAG. The LACP this to and which physical of allow only with theirs to their LAG. On D- the Priority to LAG ID, which If there the LACP the LAG IDs each grouping of The LAG with the LAG ID and allowed to the (and typical there to of the LACP the switch. The the of If the switch with its the and the switch function normally (that information about building aggregations, to which the CLI as through Each LAG to associated physical Once physical or associated with the as LAG with LACP which physical of allow only with matching theirs to their LAG. LACP to LAG ID, which If there the LACP the LAG IDs each grouping of The LAG with the LAG ID and allowed to the to associated physical LACP using the or the (LACP) CLI Reference
Commands There which physical attached to another this switch (loopback). There or with the LAG ID. This there or of the and priority. authentication using the and that would otherwise 802.1X authorized. The LACP the allow to physical LAG. The with the lowest LAG ID which physical allowed LAG based the LAG priority. with the lowest LAG allowed the LAG and other groupings existing created LAG reduced to the the LAG from its VLAN and the to the VLAN. this reason, should that the LAG and the the LAG assigned to the of the VLAN. when the LAG the assigned to the VLAN. The other option to the as To physical and of the operating speed. information about... to clear clear clear clear this to information about or
(Optional) LACP information LAG If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. which the CLI as through Once physical (that associated with the as (LAG) with This shows to information The following the 00:01:F4:5F:1E:20 00:11:88:11:74:F9 Priority: Attached Ports: of the What It Displays... Shows LACP or the switch. the LAG the switch. about LAG. LAG Each which the CLI as through Once physical associated with the (LAG) with LACP Remote LACP MAC and Priority which LACP the or the CLI Reference
Table (Continued) What It Displays... assigned of LAG though from the physical with the allowed to Attached Underlying physical associated with this this to or the (LACP) the or LACP. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to LACP: this to the LACP priority. the to creating LAG Group) ID. to to with to
clear Switch command, readwrite. LACP this to If there the LACP the LAG IDs each grouping of The LAG with the LAG ID and allowed to the This shows to the LACP to this to the assigned or the LAG which to to to The Switch command, readwrite. LACP this to physical with those of their allowed to The LAG This shows to the LACP to LAG this to clear LACP or clear CLI Reference
Clears priority. or to the of Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the LAG this to or or to or physical to (LAG). or the LAG to which assigned. (Optional) the and LAG with matching allowed to the to to the LAG. of to Used the CLI If specified, assigned to the specified of would assigned to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to the LAG of This If other than the physical the or
clear this to from Group. clear the LAG from which the to from the LAG. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to from the LAG of this to or the formation of or the formation of Switch command, readwrite. when only from this or to LAG. This existing created with It previously from they as as CLI Reference clear
clear clear previous LAG connected to the switch as the LAG This the formation of this to the LAG function back to the of clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the LAG function back to this command to information or physical summary} counters LACP information of to Used the CLI LACP or summary information. counters LACP counter information.
Switch command, readonly. State such as and indicated with abbreviations. If the displays or of the following the the associated or Distributing C Collecting and allowed Short/Long LACP timeout Active/Passive LACP information about these states, to and the IEEE This shows to LACP information or Instance: ActorPort: ActorSystemPriority: ActorPortPriority: PartnerAdminSystemPriority: ActorAdminKey: PartnerOperSystemPriority: ActorOperKey: PartnerAdminPortPriority: PartnerOperPortPriority: PartnerAdminKey: ActorSystemID: SelectedAggID: AttachedAggID: This shows to LACP information summary ID: ID: This shows to LACP counters counters Instance: UnknownRx: CLI Reference
this to or These the specified physical to LAG, and their once aggregated. the physical which to LACP. of to Used the CLI the LACP this to and which physical of allow with theirs to their LAG. The the LACP to allow LACP LACP this Transition to synchronization Transition to Transition to Transition to Transition to the priority. with higher priority. the priority. The LACP the D this to when there the with higher to (Optional) LACPDU this (Optional) LACPDU this to as the with matching allowed to LACP using this command, or the
clear to as the to as the priority. with higher priority. LACP to as the ID. This MAC to as the priority. with higher priority. At least If or specified, with the LACP Switch command, readwrite. LACP commands and with (such as Corresponding commands and with (such as to the LACP while to its the other of the Actors and of the other containing information about their LACP and This shows to the to this to clear or clear CLI Reference clear
clear the physical which LACP cleared. of to Used the CLI Clears Clears priority. Clears the priority. Clears or state(s). of to the Clears the Clears the ID. Clears the Clears the priority. from the LACP Clears the or state(s). Switch command, readwrite. If to LACP the clear the clear to the If the first command, the from the This shows to clear
Protected Protected Commands protected The Protected to from forwarding to each other, when they the VLAN. as protected or unprotected. of protected supported. that to protected to other protected the group, of the VLAN membership. protected to which group). Protected to protected group, they the VLAN. Unprotected to both protected and to of protected This to within switch. It apply switches information about... to protected protected clear protected protected protected clear protected this to to protected and the to of protected assigned to group. protected group-id the or to protected. groupid the of the to which the should assigned. from to Switch command, readwrite. Protected CLI Reference
protected protected clear protected This shows to assign through to protected protected this to information about the protected protected group-id (Optional) the or which to information. groupid (Optional) the of the which to information. from to If information about protected displayed. Readonly. This shows to information about protected D2(ro)->show protected this to or from protected clear protected group-id (Optional) the or to from protected groupid (Optional) the of the to from protected from to If protected and cleared.
protected protected Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear protected through D2(rw)->clear protected this to assign to protected protected group-id groupid the of this group. from to the group. The to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to assign the group1 to protected protected group1 this to the the specified. protected group-id groupid the of the to from to Readonly. protected CLI Reference
clear protected clear protected This shows to the of protected D2(ro)->show protected ID group1 this to clear the of protected group. clear protected group-id groupid the of the which to clear the from to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the of protected D2(rw)->clear protected
SNMP Summary and This chapter the Network (SNMP) of commands and to them. information about... to SNMP SNMP Statistics SNMP Users, and SNMP Rights SNMP MIB SNMP SNMP SNMP Creating SNMP Trap SNMP applicationlayer that the of information SNMP to performance, and and three of SNMP: This the of SNMP. to RFC of functionality. The release of SNMP, RFC additions and to types, counter and operations. This the of SNMP, and includes to and security. RFC RFC RFC RFC and RFC The of and three (such as switch). SNMP and MIBs, including SNMP community and Remote (RMON) MIBs, which SNMP CLI Reference
SNMP Summary About SNMP Security and SNMP SNMP such as the NetSight which with to statistics and from the interoperable standardsbased that to authenticating and encrypting the The advanced security features as follows: Collects securely without with or corrupted. Authentication the from Encryption the of to from unauthorized and the of SNMP and SNMP apply. These combined SNMP entity. SNMP consists of SNMP and SNMP applications. SNMP consists of the following four This and subsystem This outgoing from the and them wrapping them header and them to the The subsystem incoming from the each header, and the PDU to the Security subsystem This authenticates and Access subsystem This which users and which operations allowed to SNMP security authentication that and the which the user security the of security within security The three of SNMP security authentication (NoAuthNoPriv); authentication (AuthNoPriv); and of security and security which security when SNMP Table the of SNMP security and authentication within each Table SNMP Security Security Authentication Encryption It Works NoAuthNoPriv Community community match authentication. NoAuthNoPriv Community community match authentication.
SNMP to Access Considerations SNMP Statistics Table SNMP Security (Continued) Security Authentication Encryption It Works NoAuthNoPriv match authentication. AuthNoPriv MD5 or SHA authentication based the HMAC-MD5 or HMAC-SHA algorithms. authPriv MD5 or SHA DES authentication based the HMAC-MD5 or HMAC-SHA algorithms. DES to authentication based the CBC- DES (DES-56) when operating from the switch CLI, allow to SNMP or of MIB often associated with physical or If optional and community and these to SNMP MIB when switch Specifying when SNMP would or the groups switch to the MIB(s) specified the (MIB ID) SNMP known to the displayed the snmp as snmp This the to snmp security-model Commands SNMP the the SNMP process. instance, specified when optional though these created with the snmp command. To SNMP statistics. SNMP Statistics CLI Reference
snmp Commands snmp SNMP information about... to snmp snmp counters this to the SNMP ID. This the SNMP snmp Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP snmp EngineId: of the snmp What It Displays... the SNMP the of the SNMP or reinitialized. seconds length, bytes, of SNMP
snmp counters this command to SNMP counter snmp counters Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP counter snmp counters SNMP counters: snmpInBadVersions snmpInBadCommunityNames snmpInBadCommunityUses snmpInASNParseErrs snmpInNoSuchNames snmpInReadOnlys snmpInTotalSetVars snmpInGetNexts snmpInTraps snmpOutTooBigs snmpOutNoSuchNames snmpOutGetNexts snmpProxyDrops USM counters: usmStatsUnsupportedSecLevels usmStatsNotInTimeWindows usmStatsUnknownUserNames snmp counters CLI Reference
snmp counters SNMP usmStatsUnknownEngineIDs usmStatsDecryptionErrors Table of the snmp counters What It Displays... of to the SNMP from the service. of SNMP from the SNMP to the service. snmpInBadVersions of SNMP to the SNMP SNMP snmpInBadCommunityNames of SNMP to the SNMP that SNMP community known to the entity. snmpInBadCommunityUses of SNMP to the SNMP that SNMP the SNMP community the snmpInASNParseErrs of ASN.1 Notation) or BER Encoding the SNMP when SNMP of SNMP to the SNMP with the of the field as snmpInNoSuchNames of SNMP to the SNMP with the of the field as of SNMP to the SNMP with the of the field as snmpInReadOnlys of SNMP to the SNMP with the of the field as "readOnly." of SNMP to the SNMP with the of the field as of MIB the SNMP as the of SNMP and snmpInTotalSetVars of MIB the SNMP as the of SNMP of SNMP and the SNMP entity. snmpInGetNexts of SNMP and the SNMP entity. of SNMP and the SNMP entity. of SNMP and the SNMP entity. snmpInTraps of SNMP Trap and the SNMP entity. snmpOutTooBigs of SNMP the SNMP with the of the field as snmpOutNoSuchNames of SNMP the SNMP with the of the as
SNMP Users, and Table snmp counters (Continued) What It Displays... of SNMP the SNMP with the of the field as of SNMP the SNMP with the of the field as of SNMP the SNMP entity. snmpOutGetNexts of SNMP the SNMP entity. of SNMP the SNMP entity. of SNMP the SNMP entity. of SNMP Trap the SNMP entity. of SNMP or Inform that the than the snmpProxyDrops of SNMP or Inform that the than the usmStatsUnsupportedSec of received the SNMP that because they security that unknown to the SNMP or otherwise usmStatsNotInTimeWindows of the SNMP that they appeared of the authoritative SNMP usmStatsUnknownUserNames of received the SNMP that they referenced user that to the SNMP usmStatsUnknownEngineIDs of the SNMP that they referenced snmpEngineID that known to the SNMP of the SNMP that they the expected usmStatsDecriptionErrors of the SNMP that they decrypted. To and SNMP users, and and These as follows: to SNMP of who the SNMP Community to authenticate and users. SNMP Users, and CLI Reference
snmp Commands snmp SNMP information about... to snmp snmp clear snmp snmp snmp clear snmp snmp community snmp community clear snmp community this to information about SNMP users. These people to SNMP snmp read- only (Optional) of SNMP (Optional) information about (Optional) information about users SNMP (Optional) user information specified type. readonly If specified, SNMP information displayed. If specified, information about SNMP users displayed. If specified, information about the SNMP displayed. If specified, user information displayed. Switch command, readonly.
Table snmp snmp This shows to SNMP snmp SNMP user information of users: This shows to information the SNMP snmp SNMP information EngineId: Auth usmNoAuthProtocol type active Table of the What It Displays... SNMP or community or Auth of authentication to this Whether when authentication type Whether or read-only memory. of this entry: active notInService, or notReady this to snmp authentication authpassword the (Optional) the SNMP authentication (Optional) the authentication type this as MD5 or SHA. authpassword (Optional) this user when authentication of characters. (Optional) and of characters. CLI Reference snmp
clear snmp user clear snmp SNMP (Optional) type this If specified, the the SNMP If authentication specified, authentication applied. If specified, applied. If type specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP this the SNMP without authentication and related to this user memory: snmp user this to user from the securitymodel clear snmp user to (Optional) the from SNMP If specified, the user from the SNMP Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the SNMP snmp
snmp this to SNMP SNMP of users who the snmp groupname groupname security-model read-only groupname (Optional) information SNMP group. groupname user (Optional) information about within the specified group. securitymodel (Optional) information about assigned to security SNMP read (Optional) SNMP information specified type. If specified, information about SNMP displayed. If specified, information about SNMP users displayed. If securitymodel specified, information about SNMP displayed. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP information: snmp SNMP information Security Security/user type active Security Security/user public.router1 type active of the CLI Reference snmp
snmp snmp snmp clear snmp SNMP What It Displays... Security SNMP associated with this group. Security/user to the SNMP group. of SNMP group. type Whether or read-only memory. of this entry: active notInService, or notReady this command to SNMP group. This to that snmp groupname security-model SNMP to user to assign to the group. securitymodel SNMP security to to the group. (Optional) type SNMP associated with the group. If type specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP user and assign security to the group: snmp security-model this to clear SNMP or SNMP and clear snmp groupname security-model
snmp community groupname the SNMP to cleared. the SNMP to cleared. securitymodel (Optional) Clears the associated with security If specified, related to security cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear assigned to the within the SNMP this to SNMP community and and community as to snmp community (Optional) SNMP information community If specified, information SNMP Switch command, readonly. This shows to information about the SNMP community of this to snmp snmp community community Security type active snmp community CLI Reference
snmp community snmp community clear snmp community SNMP this to SNMP community group. snmp community community securityname securityname community community securityname (Optional) SNMP security to with this securityname community. (Optional) of information this community allowed to access. or To the the snmp as snmp (Optional) the of from which SNMP with this community accepted. to (Optional) the type these If securityname specified, the community used. If specified, the If specified, applied. If type specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP community snmp community this to SNMP community clear snmp community the SNMP community to clear.
SNMP Access Rights Commands snmp Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the community snmp community To and SNMP rights, assigning and security to SNMP information about... to snmp snmp clear snmp this to rights and security SNMP or snmp [security-model [noauthentication authentication read-only (Optional) information group. securitymodel (Optional) information SNMP security or noauthentication authentication (Optional) information security (Optional) information of to specify SNMP to SNMP Contexts to Access SNMP Access Rights CLI Reference
snmp SNMP read (Optional) type. If groupname specified, information SNMP displayed. If securitymode specified, information SNMP displayed. If noauthentication authentication or specified, information security displayed. If specified, displayed. If or readonly specified, of displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP information: snmp Security USM Security noAuthNoPriv match match type active NightOperator Security USM Security noAuthNoPriv match match type active Table of the Table snmp What It Displays... SNMP Security Security to this group. and based USM Security Security to this group. noAuthNoPrivacy authentication required) AuthNoPrivacy authentication required) authPriv
snmp Table snmp (Continued) What It Displays... of the that allows this to SNMP MIB of the that allows this to the of the SNMP of the that allows this to SNMP match Whether or SNMP match match) or match with type Whether this or read-only memory. of this entry: active notInService, or notReady this to SNMP snmp groupname security-model noauthentication authentication write write groupname group. securitymodel SNMP or noauthentication authentication (Optional) SNMP security as authentication, authentication (without or that of the user protected from (Optional) the this and that the match (matching the whole or match only. of information this SNMP allowed to access. or To the the snmp as snmp (Optional) write write (Optional) write (Optional) read only (Optional) associated SNMP as temporary or or readonly. If security specified, authentication applied. If specified, the If specified without match, match applied. CLI Reference snmp
clear snmp clear snmp SNMP If specified applied. If write specified, applied. If specified, applied. If type specified, as and through Switch command, readwrite. This the to snmp security-model this command to clear the SNMP of group, including its SNMP securitymodel, and of security. clear snmp groupname security-model noauthentication authentication groupname the of the SNMP which to clear access. securitymodel the security to cleared the SNMP group. noauthentication authentication (Optional) Clears security the SNMP group. (Optional) Clears the SNMP group. to clear the If security specified, cleared. If specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear SNMP the misgroup the authentication snmp security-model authentication
SNMP MIB Commands snmp To and SNMP MIB SNMP SNMP to rights. information about... to snmp snmp snmp clear snmp this to the MIB viewbased (VACM). snmp oid-or-mibobject read-only (Optional) information MIB oidormibobject (Optional) information MIB when specified. (Optional) type. readonly If specified, SNMP MIB information displayed. Switch command, readonly. SNMP MIB CLI Reference
snmp snmp snmp SNMP This shows to SNMP MIB information: snmp SNMP MIB information OID included type active OID included type active Network OID included type active Table of the the snmp command to assign to snmp What It Displays... assigned to MIB OID MIB to MIB Whether or included or this type Whether or memory of this entry: active notInService, or notReady this to the snmp
snmp Switch command, readonly. SNMP of information that SNMP or entity. The allows SNMP to information (MIBs). created using the snmp snmp other to to of information. This to of SNMP known to the snmp this to MIB (VACM). snmp included MIB MIB (Optional) included (Optional) or (Optional) the of temporary or If specified, to If specified, included If type specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP MIB to with of included: snmp included CLI Reference snmp
clear snmp clear snmp SNMP Commands snmp SNMP this to MIB clear snmp the MIB to the of the MIB to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP MIB snmp To and SNMP This where and what SNMP bound to IP allowed to SNMP with the snmp snmp information about... to snmp snmp clear snmp this to SNMP to to snmp read-only
Table snmp (Optional) (Optional) readonly type. If specified, associated with displayed. If specified, of displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP information: snmp SNMP information Security Security noAuthNoPriv type active Security Security noAuthNoPriv type active Security USM Security authNoPriv type active of the command What It Displays... the the SNMP bytes. Security Security SNMP Security of security auth security to authentication noauth security to authentication or type Whether or read-only memory. of this entry: active notInService, or notReady snmp CLI Reference
snmp snmp clear snmp SNMP this to SNMP of security/authorization to to snmp user security-model noauthentication authentication to SNMP to or community or bytes. securitymodel the SNMP security to this as or the SNMP to this as or noauthentication authentication (Optional) the SNMP security to this as authentication, authentication (without or that of the user protected from (Optional) the type to this If specified, security to noauthentication. If specified, type to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP security and processing, and authentication: snmp security-model message-processing authentication this to clear the SNMP clear snmp
SNMP Commands snmp the of the the SNMP to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear SNMP snmp To and SNMP which SNMP to optional SNMP or (such as timeout, count, and UDP with the snmp information about... to snmp snmp clear snmp this to SNMP information. snmp read-only (Optional) information (Optional) specified, displays readonly information type. If specified, displayed. SNMP CLI Reference
snmp Table snmp snmp SNMP If specified, of displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP information: snmp IP UDP Timeout Retry count type active Table of the command What It Displays... the location to the as to notifications. IP IP UDP of the UDP of the to IP Timeout Timeout the Retry count Retry the Entry the snmpTargetParamsTable. type Whether or read-only memory. of this active notInService, or notReady this to SNMP The and IP that SNMP and which community accepted. This to optional SNMP (such as timeout, count, and UDP snmp timeout timeout to the bytes.
clear snmp the IP of the the SNMP which when to the bytes. (Optional) which UDP of the to (Optional) the IP of the timeout timeout (Optional) the round allowed to to this This seconds and the seconds.) (Optional) the of allowed received. (Optional) of SNMP This location to the as to notifications. and (Optional) temporary or SNMP If specified, to If specified, to If specified, timeout to If specified, of to If specified, If specified, type Switch command, readwrite. This shows to This to the workstation (which It security and authorization information SNMP to Creating SNMP Trap snmp this to SNMP entry. clear snmp clear snmp CLI Reference
SNMP SNMP About SNMP Commands SNMP the to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear SNMP snmp Profiles indicating which should SNMP the If this empty, that associated with SNMP then Traps or informs to the SNMP that those found the the the SNMP that to the contained outgoing It then apply the when To SNMP and optional Notifications which the of SNMP and or SNMP informs to Optional which should notifications. SNMP showing SNMP associated with security and authorization and to to Creating SNMP Trap information about... to snmp snmp clear snmp
information about... to snmp snmp clear snmp snmp notifyprofile snmp notifyprofile clear snmp notifyprofile this to the and of the SNMP MAC function. (Optional) the of the MAC function If specified, the of the MAC function displayed Switch command, readonly. this function and This displays the Ethernet through New State CLI Reference
snmp SNMP this to or SNMP or or when MAC detected. (Optional) or the MAC function or the MAC function. If without the or the function with the or the function If specified, the function Switch readwrite. This and SNMP when MAC If the CDP however, MAC The and This the function and then Ethernet through this to the SNMP which the that SNMP notifications. snmp read-only (Optional) read (Optional) type.
snmp If specified, displayed. If or readonly specified, type displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the SNMP information: snmp SNMP notifyTable information type active type active Table of the Table snmp What It Displays... to the SNMP Notify of the the SNMP of or or type Whether or read-only memory. of this active notInService or notReady this command to the SNMP This the SNMP which to who should This commands to each to the snmp snmp snmp inform SNMP CLI Reference snmp
clear snmp clear snmp SNMP SNMP This the to the SNMP inform (Optional) or Trap or SNMP (Optional) temporary or SNMP If specified, type to If specified, type to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP with of and of Notifications as and type to snmp this to clear SNMP clear snmp SNMP to clear. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the SNMP snmp
snmp snmp this to SNMP information, which SNMP notifications. snmp oid-or-mibobject read-only (Optional) oidor (Optional) within read (Optional) of type. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. About SNMP information about This shows to SNMP information. this the SNMP snmp SNMP information Profile type included type active this to SNMP This which should NOT which the amount of SNMP snmp oid-or-mibobject included snmp CLI Reference
clear snmp clear snmp SNMP SNMP oidor MIB ID the (Optional) included (Optional) that included or excluded. (Optional) type. If specified, If specified, included If type specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. About SNMP information about This shows to SNMP with MIB ID of snmp this to SNMP clear snmp oid-or-mibobject SNMP to oidor MIB ID containing the to Switch command, readwrite.
snmp notifyprofile snmp notifyprofile This shows to the SNMP snmp this to SNMP information. This to SNMP to who should SNMP notifications. snmp notifyprofile read-only (Optional) (Optional) read only (Optional) of type. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to SNMP information the snmp notifyprofile SNMP notifyProfile information Profile type active this to SNMP This created with the snmp snmp to of SNMP to which should SNMP notifications. snmp notifyprofile snmp notifyprofile CLI Reference
clear snmp notifyprofile clear snmp notifyprofile SNMP SNMP associated the SNMP (Optional) type. If type specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP and entry. snmp this to SNMP clear snmp notifyprofile SNMP to associated the snmpTargetParamsTable. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNMP snmp notifyprofile
Creating SNMP Trap or to station, or to the of such as when or or when there authentication and when supply The following shows to CLI commands to SNMP with security and authorization and the to This to Creating or or Inform would the commands with where that or or informs with enough to MIBs. Complete as follows: community that as SNMP SNMP to security and authorization to the users the community created SNMP or You this to SNMP to the created to IP to: The and created and The created shows the commands to SNMP Trap To this... these commands... community snmp community SNMP snmp SNMP entry. snmp snmp snmp Creating SNMP Trap CLI Reference
Creating SNMP Trap SNMP This SNMP This shows to: SNMP community This with the to the workstation (which It security and authorization contained snmp community snmp security-model snmp snmp to MIB the SNMP the of to the and crossing the To these the SNMP as follows: the the the that SNMP the created with the snmp which, this entry1 the matching such the the entry1 shows that the that the specified fact, this built the snmp command. This that this leads to the and the to the that the of to through the fact, there. The and this with the snmp command, which exactly which SNMP to and what community to this the community that the community this using the snmp community command. the
Tree Summary and Tree RSTP MSTP This chapter the Tree of commands and to them. information about... to Tree Summary Tree Bridge Tree Tree Protect Tree should only who knowledgeable about and the of the Tree the of the The IEEE 802.1D Tree (STP) the of physical establishing from and become or the which they brought service. The IEEE (RSTP), of 802.1D, than STP properly RSTP significantly reduces the to the active topology when physical or It selects switch as the of Treeconnected active topology and assigns to the switch, whether that of the active RSTP connectivity following the of switch, switch or LAN. and the the other of the to forwarding through them. to to forwarding RSTP. The IEEE Tree (MSTP) builds 802.1D and RSTP of switches of switches STP, forwarding while the others Tree CLI Reference
Tree Summary Tree Protect Tree flowing the switches. The effectively the MSTP assigns each VLAN the to Tree instance, allowing each switch to each such instance: while another. associated with of interswitch while associated with another of that If assigned to wisely, interswitch completely creating Tree instances, to Tree instances to to MSTP and RSTP and with each other and with STP 802.1D. The the of the Tree the following Creating Tree from of switching or Compensating the or of active path. Achieving which establishes active topology with amount of to accomplish the of the Tree the active topology that to stations and the topology and through the of Tree The as to the switch or this The Protect or formation with to type (RSTP/MSTP) interswitch (ISLs) their allowed to become BPDU timeout its becomes BPDU received. Both and downstream facing protected. or its to the to age the of It BPDU received. to the ISL constantly and BPDU received, and to to This protects and the connected The Disputed BPDU protects where there BPDU which the field and
Tree Bridge learning and the than that already the If BPDU received, the forced to the BPDU with the learning received its to to formation. that the active of the of Protection. Protect operates as MST instance It should interswitch It of related of forwarding based reception of of forwarding based reception of Communicating nonforwarding through and based of forwarding the gated that BPDU reception. It to the rcvdInfoWhile the when information the There Protect If the connected to known to Protect, functional the operates functional to Protect switch that the implemented. This the to its of the of the connected which implications. the connected to to forwarding. Second, there when timeout Protect occurred. when type BPDU received and the and pointto the to helloTime. there the that the field If the boundary the that follow the CIST, that the MSTI to the CIST If the internal to the then the MSTI the MSTI age and the of the Protect both Protect each such to these as and It to force the locking of the of or the of within of the forced and there manually To and Tree including and topology Tree Bridge CLI Reference
Tree Bridge Tree information about... to clear bridgeprioritymode bridgeprioritymode clear bridgeprioritymode clear clear clear clear clear clear clear clear backuproot clear
information about... to clear spanguardtimeout clear spanguardtimeout spanguardlock clear/set spanguardlock clear legacypathcost legacypathcost clear legacypathcost this to Tree information or active (Optional) information the specified of to Used the CLI (Optional) information Tree If specified, SID assumed. active (Optional) information that received STP If specified, Tree information displayed. If specified, information Tree displayed If active specified information displayed of whether or they received Switch command, readonly. CLI Reference
Tree This shows to the Tree tree tree instance Priority Bridge ID MAC Bridge ID Priority Bridge Bridge Bridge Topology Count Since Top Table shows of Table What It Displays... tree instance Tree ID. tree Whether Tree or MAC of the Tree through which the reached. Priority Priority of the to reach the Amount of seconds) BPDU should seconds) which the BPDU (Bridge Unit) Amount of seconds) the or learning Bridge ID MAC MAC the Bridge ID Priority Bridge priority, which or assigned using the command. to Bridge seconds) the without to This or assigned using the command. to Bridge Amount of seconds) the This or assigned using the command. to
(Continued) What It Displays... Bridge Amount of seconds) the or learning This or assigned the command. to Topology Count of topology the Top Amount of hours, and seconds) the topology of information Tree instance relay of within the MST this to or the Tree the switch. or Tree. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to Tree the this to the of the Tree the CLI Reference
clear Tree Switch command, readonly. This shows to Tree information the Force this to the of the Tree to MSTP Tree RSTP Tree or to STP the to STP the to STP the to 802.1wcompatible. Switch command, readwrite. Tree should from its of Tree MSTP and with STP 802.1D and Tree (RSTP) the to the to 802.1D and from transitioning to forwarding This shows to the Tree from the of MSTP to RSTP: this to the Tree to MSTP clear
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Tree this to the Tree BPDU forwarding Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Tree BPDU forwarding BPDU forwarding this to or Tree BPDU forwarding. BPDU forwarding or BPDU forwarding;. CLI Reference
bridgeprioritymode bridgeprioritymode bridgeprioritymode Tree BPDU forwarding Switch command, readwrite. The Tree this to This shows to BPDU forwarding: this command to the Tree bridgeprioritymode Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Tree D2(rw)->show bridgeprioritymode Bridge Priority to IEEE802.1t this to the Tree to 802.1D or bridgeprioritymode the to 802.1D which
clear bridgeprioritymode the to which to of rounded or the to which the This the Switch command, readwrite. The affects the of to which selected as the Tree as The the switch to This shows to the to 802.1D: bridgeprioritymode this command to the Tree to the of clear bridgeprioritymode Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to D2(rw)->clear bridgeprioritymode clear bridgeprioritymode CLI Reference
Tree this to of Tree (MST) instances the Switch command, readonly. This shows to of MST instances. this SID Tree instances: this to or Tree instance. the Tree ID. to MST instances. Creates or MST instance. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to MST instance
clear this to or Tree instances. clear (Optional) Tree ID. If specified, MST instances cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to MST instances: clear this to the of ID (FID) to Since to this shows to which SID VLAN mapped. (Optional) information If specified, information assigned displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to SID to FID information FID this FID: SID: CLI Reference clear
clear Tree this command to or IDs to SID. Since mapped to this or VLAN IDs to Tree (SID). Since MST that associated with from the GVRP recommended that MST statically-created or to assign to the MST. and to VLAN ID created the (Optional) Tree ID. and to SID created the command. If specified, FID(s) to Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to FID to SID this to FID back to SID clear or to to If specified, SID to FID Switch command, readwrite. This shows to FID back to SID
this command to the Tree ID(s) assigned to or (Optional) assigned to If specified, SID assignment displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to the to VLAN this and to VLAN this information to the SID instance created the as and the to SID the command as The following SIDS assigned to VLAN this command to the MST including selector, and Switch command, readonly. This shows to the MST this the of and the the MAC information the to these to CLI Reference
clear Tree MST Format Selector: Revision this command to the MST and/or MST MST Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the MST to mstconfig: this to the MST to of and the to the MAC clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the MST to
clear this to the Tree priority. the of the from to of with indicating highest and lowest priority. (Optional) the Tree. If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree Switch command, readwrite. The with the highest (lowest becomes the Tree If the priority, the with the lowest MAC then become the the with the bridgeprioritymode bridgeprioritymode rounded or This shows to the to SID this to the Tree to the of clear (Optional) the Tree. If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference
clear Tree This shows to the SID this to the Tree This the seconds) the indicating active. the of seconds the broadcasting indicating that the active). Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Tree to seconds: this to the Tree to the of seconds. clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Tree
clear this command to the the of seconds that the the information from other through STP. Switch command, readwrite. The the seconds) without to should that STP information the becomes the the attached LAN. If selected from the to the This shows to the to seconds: this to the Tree to the of seconds. clear Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference
clear Tree This shows to the this to the Tree the of seconds the Switch command, readwrite. The the seconds) the to learning to forwarding). This every information about topology to each to conflicting information that to otherwise, temporary might This shows to the to seconds: this command to the Tree to the of seconds. clear
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the this to the MST instance. backuproot (Optional) Tree If specified, SID assumed. If SID specified, then shown Tree instance Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the function SID D2(rw)->show to this to or the Tree function the switch. the Tree instance which to or the or the function. Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference
clear clear Tree The Tree function the this and the switch directly connected to the Tree information from the If the the its that selected as the the This shows to the function SID this to the Tree function to the of clear the Tree which to clear the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the function to SID D2(rw)->clear this to the of Tree
clear Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of topology D2(rw)->show Topology Trap to this to or topology Tree or topology Switch command, readwrite. RSTP nonedge that to forwarding or the switch to which the (such as from topology This there usually to STP such as when topology disabled, including and topology This shows to allow Tree to topology this to clear the of topology Tree to the of topology clear CLI Reference
Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear D2(rw)->clear this command to the or Tree operating RSTP this forces to MSTP the of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the this to the of the Tree function.
Switch command, readonly. This shows to the function this command to or the Tree function. or the function. Switch command, readwrite. to or when BPDU received. The to or intervention. as using the command, as expected to connected to workstation or other type of and to another switch the BPDU the Tree of that to and traffic. The the amount of spanguardtimeout the BPDU, the manually or clear spanguardlock clear spanguardlock the of the or the function and and This shows to the function: CLI Reference
clear clear spanguardtimeout Tree this to the of the Tree function to clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of the function to D2(rw)->clear this command to the Tree timeout spanguardtimeout Switch command, readonly. This shows to the timeout timeout: this to the amount of seconds) locked the function.
clear spanguardtimeout spanguardtimeout timeout timeout timeout seconds. to of the manually The seconds. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the timeout to seconds: spanguardtimeout this to the Tree timeout to the of seconds. clear spanguardtimeout Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the timeout to seconds: D2(rw)->clear spanguardtimeout this to the of or spanguardlock clear spanguardtimeout CLI Reference
clear spanguardlock clear spanguardlock Tree (Optional) the which to of to Used the CLI If specified, the displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the spanguardlock Unlocked of these commands to or the Tree function. that when those as (as clear spanguardlock spanguardlock to of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to D2(rw)->clear spanguardlock this to the of the Tree function.
clear Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the function: D2(ro)->show SNMP this to or the of SNMP when or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the function: this command to the Tree function back to the of clear CLI Reference
legacypathcost legacypathcost legacypathcost Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the function to D2(rw)->clear this command to the Tree legacypathcost Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Tree legacypathcost Path this command to or (802.1D) legacypathcost to to
clear legacypathcost Tree Commands Switch command, readwrite. the to affects the of that the command. This shows to the to 802.1D. legacypathcost this to the Tree to clear legacypathcost Switch command, readwrite. This clears the to D2(rw)->clear legacypathcost To and Tree information about... to clear clear legacypathcost CLI Reference
clear Tree information about... to clear clear clear this command to or the Tree or the which to or Tree. of to Used the CLI or Tree. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to Tree this to the Tree to or clear
the of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This to the Tree to D2(rw)->clear this to the of the Tree algorithm or (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to D2(ro)->show to this to the Tree or of the ID, which Tree CLI Reference
Tree (Optional) the which to Tree priority. of to Used the CLI (Optional) Tree If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree If specified, Tree Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Priority of SID this to Tree priority. the which to Tree priority. of to Used the CLI that the of Tree from to of with indicating high priority. (Optional) Tree If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of to SID
clear this to the of Tree to of clear the which to Tree priority. of to Used the CLI (Optional) the Tree If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of to SID this to the or (Optional) the of to Used the CLI (Optional) the Tree If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree displayed. If specified, Tree displayed. Switch command, readonly. clear CLI Reference
clear Tree This shows to the SID Path of SID this to the and or the which to of to Used the CLI the (Optional) the Tree If specified, SID assumed. If specified, Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to SID this command to the Tree to clear the which to of to Used the CLI (Optional) the Tree(s). If specified, SID assumed.
If specified, Tree Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to SID this command to the (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified displayed Tree Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Edge of Edge-Port this to the Tree the of to Used the CLI or the specified as Tree CLI Reference
clear clear Tree Protect Tree Switch command, readwrite. The of the with the to initially the If Tree BDPU received the within seconds, the to This shows to as this to Tree to nonedge clear which to of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to as nonedge To and Tree Protect including the of Protect threshold, and BPDU threshold, as as and Protect information about the Protect
Commands information about... to clear lplock clear lplock clear lpthreshold lpthreshold clear lpthreshold clear clear disputedbpduthreshold disputedbpduthreshold clear disputedbpduthreshold nonforwardingreason this to or the Protect and optionally, SID. The Protect Protect information. which to or the Protect or the the specified (Optional) or the Tree(s). If specified, SID assumed. CLI Reference
Tree If SID specified, SID assumed. Switch command, readwrite. Protect STP Normally would to immediately to forwarding. If Protect that should to and there. The Protect MSTI should match those the CIST This shows to Protect this to the Protect and/or SID. (Optional) which to the Protect (Optional) the Tree(s) which to the Protect If specified, SID assumed. If specified, displayed If SID specified, SID assumed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to Protect LoopProtect SI
clear lplock this to the Protect and optionally, SID, to its of clear which to clear the Protect (Optional) the Tree(s) which to clear the Protect If specified, SID assumed. If SID specified, SID assumed. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Protect to D2(rw)->clear this command to the Protect and/or SID. become locked of Protect the of the lpthreshold and commands. Once forced (locked), manually with the clear lplock command. (Optional) which to the Protect (Optional) the Tree(s) which to the Protect If specified, SID assumed. If specified, If SID specified, SID assumed. CLI Reference clear
clear lplock clear lplock Tree Switch command, readonly. This shows to Protect D2(rw)->show The LoopProtect SID UNLOCKED this to manually and optionally, SID. The clear lplock which to clear the Protect (Optional) the Tree(s) which to clear the Protect If specified, SID assumed. If SID specified, SID assumed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to clear Protect from D2(rw)->show lplock The LoopProtect SID LOCKED D2(rw)->clear lplock D2(rw)->show The LoopProtect SID UNLOCKED this to specify whether the Protect Protect information. which to Protect
whether the or Switch command, readwrite. The Protect If the with Protect then the functionality of the Protect used. If the then there as to whether Active timeout to protection or to the fact that the Therefore, approach that to from with This type of timeout protection protection the from forwarding this factored locking the This shows to the Protect to this to the Protect of or (Optional) which to Protect its If specified, Protect Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Protect D2(rw)->show of LoopProtect-capable CLI Reference
clear clear lpthreshold Tree this to the Protect of to the of clear which to clear their Protect to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Protect D2(rw)->clear this to the Protect threshold. lpthreshold the of that the to The threshold of that locked. The threshold Switch command, readwrite. The LoopProtect threshold that protection the of The If the counter reaches the threshold within (the then the the SID, becomes locked (that the If the threshold the locked.
lpthreshold clear lpthreshold This shows to the Protect threshold to lpthreshold this to the of the Protect threshold. lpthreshold Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Protect threshold D2(rw)->show lpthreshold The Protect threshold this command to the Protect threshold to its of clear lpthreshold Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Protect threshold to the of D2(rw)->clear lpthreshold lpthreshold CLI Reference
Tree this command to the Protect seconds. the of seconds that the which Protect counted. The seconds. Switch command, readwrite. The Protect seconds, that which Protect counted. The seconds. If the to the counter the Protect threshold reached. If the threshold reached, that protection This shows to the Protect to seconds: this to the Protect Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Protect D2(rw)->show The Protect to seconds
clear this to the Protect to the of seconds. clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Protect to the of seconds: D2(rw)->clear this to or Protect or the of Protect Switch command, readwrite. Protect when Protect that when to to The SID and protection This shows to of Protect clear CLI Reference
clear disputedbpduthreshold Tree this to the of Protect Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Protect D2(rw)->show The Protect this to the Protect to its of disabled. clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the Protect to the of D2(rw)->clear this command to the BPDU threshold, which the of that BPDU
disputedbpduthreshold disputedbpduthreshold the of that to BPDU to threshold of that should The Switch command, readwrite. BPDU which the field and learning, and the than that already the If BPDU received the forced to the to the 802.1Q2005 IEEE and Bridged of the which of oneway The BPDU threshold that the of that BPDU and issued. the threshold then issued when and received. If the The SID and Disputed BPDU count. The This shows to the BPDU threshold to disputedbpduthreshold this to the of the BPDU threshold. disputedbpduthreshold disputedbpduthreshold CLI Reference
clear disputedbpduthreshold clear disputedbpduthreshold nonforwardingreason Tree Switch command, readonly. This shows to the BPDU threshold: D2(rw)->show disputedbpduthreshold The BPDU threshold this to the BPDU threshold to its of meaning that BPDU should clear disputedbpduthreshold Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the BPDU threshold to the of D2(rw)->clear disputedbpduthreshold this command to the reason nonforwarding to nonforwardingreason which to the nonforwarding reason. (Optional) the Tree(s) which to the nonforwarding reason. If specified, SID assumed. If specified, nonforwarding reason displayed If SID specified, SID assumed.
Switch command, readonly. causing to or include Protect of and loopback This shows to the nonforwarding reason D2(rw)->show nonforwardingreason The non-forwarding reason SID nonforwardingreason CLI Reference
nonforwardingreason Tree
VLAN Summary Used the CLI Creating VLAN This chapter the to 802.1Q information about... to VLAN Summary Creating and Static VLAN IDs and the VLAN the VLAN GVRP (GARP VLAN allow the to and the flow of that through the Once the and, the creating the traffic, assigned to VLAN, then and within the VLAN and users allowed or to of the Also, or of the the as GVRP which with VLAN ID and to of This the associated with VLAN and isolated from the other of the The to 802.1Q The allowable VLAN IDs to the assigned to VLAN ID information to and the CLI to Used the CLI there VLAN the It VLAN ID the DEFAULT VLAN. The community which SNMP to with readwrite access. 802.1Q VLAN CLI Reference
802.1Q VLAN If the to to VLAN. This allows connected to the VLAN to the It assigned to other To VLAN, to VLAN. the PVID the switch to the VLAN created the switch to the the VLAN created Assign to the VLAN. community and The commands to VLAN Table This the to and The would repeated that connected the to that each VLAN. Command Creating VLAN To this... these commands... VLAN and the PVID to the VLAN. the to the the from the clear clear Assign to the VLAN. and snmp community snmp community and To of currently the to or created, the allowed and to to and those the with VLAN included. (Optional) (Optional) snmp community snmp community
Command information about... to this to information related to or (Optional) information related to Static manually created using the command SNMP MIBs, or the The VLAN, VLAN statically and cant that specified VLAN as their VLAN (PVID) displayed. (Optional) information VLAN or of (Optional) VLAN related to or (Optional) information or (Optional) information or If options specified, information related to and displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information VLAN this VLAN DEFAULT VLAN. allowed to to VLAN as that include VLAN their transmitted as There from transmitted VLAN VLAN: NAME: DEFAULT VLAN VLAN Table of the CLI Reference
Creating and Static Creating and Static 802.1Q VLAN Table What It Displays... VLAN VLAN ID. NAME assigned to the VLAN. Whether or VLAN Whether or to this VLAN. from this VLAN. to this VLAN. To VLAN, or to or existing information about... to clear clear this to IEEE 802.1Q VLAN, or to or existing VLAN. Creates, or or VLAN IDs to created, or
clear Switch command, readwrite. Once VLAN created, assign the command Each VLAN ID If VLAN ID the that the to the existing VLAN. the VLAN ID and The VLAN IDs of and and higher This shows to VLAN this to or the ASCII or existing VLAN. the VLAN ID of the to the as the of the VLAN to characters). Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the VLAN to this to VLAN from the of the clear CLI Reference
clear clear VLAN IDs and 802.1Q VLAN the VLAN ID of the to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to VLAN from the VLAN this to the of VLAN from the VLAN clear the VLAN ID of the which the cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the VLAN To VLAN IDs to or to VLAN and and to the
Commands information about... to clear this to VLAN (PVID) information. PVID the VLAN to which received or classified. (Optional) PVID information of to Used the CLI If specified, VLAN information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to assigned to through this received these classified to VLAN to to to to to to CLI Reference
clear 802.1Q VLAN this command to the PVID VLAN or the which to VLAN of to Used the CLI the VLAN ID of the VLAN to which (Optional) to and them from other (Optional) or Switch command, readwrite. The PVID to classify as they This shows to to the VLAN of VLAN (PVID this to 802.1Q VLAN ID (PVID) to the VLAN ID The following command the to To the specified back to the of the as clear the to to the VLAN ID of to Used the CLI
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to through to VLAN ID of VLAN): this command to that which incoming VLAN ID to VLAN If the VLAN ID specified the the VLAN then that and (Optional) the which to of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the through this the State CLI Reference
802.1Q VLAN this command to with VLAN ID that match the VLAN the which to of of to Used the CLI or Switch command, readwrite. the VLAN IDs of incoming to the If the received VLAN ID match VLAN ID the then the to the IEEE 802.1Q This shows to this to the or to based whether or the VLAN They to both and or neither. (Optional) the of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed
Switch command, readonly. This shows to the this the to this to the or both the which to of to Used the CLI both incoming (received) the incoming Both and Switch command, readwrite. The options to incoming neither allow traffic), or both traffic). to Typically the what VLAN they This shows to CLI Reference
the VLAN the VLAN Commands 802.1Q VLAN To assign or the of VLAN. This which the switch to VLAN. allowed to to VLAN and allowed to with VLAN to VLAN that the and would both VLAN and The type to or VLAN they or through such as GVRP. to from the specified VLAN and that through GVRP or the to the VLAN to allows to without header. This to connected to user VLAN switches typically The VLAN its to information about... to clear dynamicegress this to the VLAN membership or (Optional) VLAN membership of to Used the CLI If specified, VLAN membership displayed
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to VLAN information through this three allowed to VLAN as and VLAN as Both this to or from VLAN. This instructs the to through GVRP or the to the VLAN. the VLAN which to the to as the specified Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to VLAN CLI Reference
clear 802.1Q VLAN this to to the VLAN the or to or from VLAN. This which VLAN. the VLAN where to the or to to the VLAN of the specified of to Used the CLI (Optional) the specified the to without IEEE 802.1Q header Instructs the to through GVRP or from the to the VLAN and that the to 802.1Q If or specified, the to the VLAN as Switch command, readwrite. This shows to through to the of VLAN This that these VLAN as This shows to through from VLAN and those This shows to allow to VLAN as this command to from The following the specified to To the specified back to the of the as
clear the of the VLAN from which from the or to from the VLAN of the specified of to Used the CLI (Optional) Clears the from the specified and the as to or If specified, and cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to from the of VLAN This shows to Ethernet from the of VLAN this to the of or or (Optional) If specified, the displayed. Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference
802.1Q VLAN This shows to the D2(rw)->show VLAN VLAN VLAN VLAN VLAN VLAN this to the or the ID to or or Switch command, readwrite. If VLAN, when with that ID, the switch the to that the users who (that to the isolated its VLAN. You VLAN with VLAN ID of with that with VLAN ID Then, VLAN when and the switch the to VLAN and to VLAN which allows the user to traffic. This shows to VLAN
the VLAN Commands To VLAN that allowed to access. This the The the of the to Creating VLAN information. information about... to clear this to the VLAN. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the VLAN: this to assign to VLAN. the VLAN CLI Reference
clear clear 802.1Q VLAN the of the VLAN to as the VLAN. Switch command, readwrite. The VLAN should VLAN where users allowed access. VLAN specifically created This would allow connected to the VLAN to the and assigned to other VLAN as the VLAN, VLAN using the of commands Creating and Static This shows to VLAN as the VLAN: this to the VLAN to the of clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the VLAN to the
GVRP (GARP VLAN About GARP VLAN (GVRP) It Works The following sections the when its operating the Attribute (GARP) GARP VLAN (GVRP). The of GVRP to switched VLAN the information GVRP the GARP the GVRP MAC switch that this the and the VLAN IDs. GVRP then the and the to its the extracted VLAN ID (s). The information then the other GVRP of the shows of VLAN from switch Switch as of VLAN and then this fact its and to Switch and Switch These this the of the (Switch and Switch that the with the information. Switch which to Switch and Switch the information to those and the of each with the information, accordingly. VLAN 802.1Q switch VLAN The and timeout and their from the the This that, switches disconnected or stations the information The that the of updated with information about that that the the VLAN GVRP (GARP VLAN CLI Reference
GVRP (GARP VLAN Commands 802.1Q VLAN of VLAN GVRP To switched The GVRP to GVRP information, the GVRP or and GVRP the information about... to clear
this to GVRP information. (Optional) GVRP information of to Used the CLI If specified, GVRP information and the Switch command, readonly. This shows to GVRP the and GVRP GVRP this to GARP or (Optional) GARP information of to Used the CLI If specified, GARP information displayed Switch command, readonly. CLI Reference
802.1Q VLAN This shows to GARP information through functional of the terms and to the IEEE 802.1Q which with this based GARP centiseconds) of the the to or GVRP, to the to to What It Displays... of to Used the CLI this to or GVRP the or or or GVRP the (Optional) or GVRP of to Used the CLI If specified, GVRP or
clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to GVRP the This shows to GVRP the This shows to GVRP this to clear GVRP or or clear (Optional) Clears GVRP of to Used the CLI If specified, GVRP cleared Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear GVRP the this to the of the and timers. the GARP to 802.1Q the GARP to 802.1Q CLI Reference clear
802.1Q VLAN the GARP to 802.1Q the which to GARP of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. The of these and should with the 802.1Q which with this This shows to the GARP to This shows to the to This shows to the to
Differentiated Services This chapter the Differentiated Services of commands and to them. policybased of allowing IT to: or based businessspecific of services. and to assigned and Assign or to that activated allowed to accordingly. information about to or Creating and Conditions and to Service The of the which they Please this section of the CLI Reference thorough of the to correctly this functionality. CLI Reference
or or Command Differentiated Services To or the The to or the below and the associated section as shown. information about... to this command to or the this function or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to
Creating and Conditions Commands info To and and The commands to and and below and the associated section as shown. information about... to info match this to information. info Switch command, readonly. This shows to information: D2(rw)->show info Class Table Class Table Instance Attribute Service Creating and Conditions CLI Reference
Differentiated Services this to information about summary classname summary summary of information. classname information class. Switch command, readonly. This shows to summary of information. this there and summary Class Class Class this to class. classname} that match the associated executed. classname this class. Switch command, readwrite.
match This shows to this to and match assigned to the class. classname classname the to Switch command, readwrite. You this to that assigned to with assigned and service first: the service assigned to the the service then the specified the This shows to the class: this to match to service based and match classname classname classname classname classname portnumber classname classname precedencenumber classname tosbits classname classname refclass classname refclassname classname every classname Matches to class. classname Matches to based or MAC CLI Reference
match Differentiated Services classname Matches to based or IP classname classname portnumber classname Matches to based the of the IP or as below. classname Matches to based the of the IP precedencenumber field. classname tosbits to based the of the IP type of service (TOS) field. tosbits classname classname refclass or of already match to classname refclassname class. classname Matches to based VLAN ID. IP DSCP and (Class Selector PHB) (Assured Matches to based or or snmp portnumber Matches to based or the IP field. tcp
Table IP DSCP and (Continued) (Assured (Assured (Assured (Expedited Switch command, readwrite. that of that from of the following four Destination IP Destination IP IP field IP type of service (TOS) field IP field Source IP Source Destination MAC Source MAC VLAN ID Source MAC Source IP VLAN ID Destination MAC Destination IP VLAN ID match CLI Reference
Differentiated Services The match type every with group. You and to (match to the class. Once to (match to the class. You outbound You that the (shown the to class. and the match and to other from the L3 group. Class matches of or the match, as illustrated the third below. You of the to This shows to match the to IP and only that IP type: match This shows to match the to VLAN match This shows to match the to TCP with of (HTTP). The match the type. match match tcp this command to the of class. classname newclassname classname the previously this class. newclassname Switch command, ReadWrite. This shows to the to
and Commands To and and The commands to and and assign below and the associated section as shown. information about... to action action this to information about summary summary summary information. information Switch command. ReadOnly. and CLI Reference
Differentiated Services This shows to summary of information. this there to which of the assigned. This to incoming its assigned service D2(rw)->show summary Class this command to this to incoming Switch command, readwrite. This shows to and apply to incoming this command to to
Switch command, readwrite. to first the service assigned to the the service as service This shows to the this command to or to specified Once active the specified class. classname or the specified class. the to associated with the class. classname to or Switch command, readwrite. Class to this such as and policing, This shows to the to the this to the associated with IP DSCP or IP classname CLI Reference
Differentiated Services that with IP DSCP or the classname to to this IP DSCP or or DCSP as Section Switch command, readwrite. This shows to matching the the DSCP expedited this to establish the based only bandwidth the specified class. classname the classname to to this burst Switch command, readwrite. This shows to bandwidthbased the
action action this command to actions that to associated classifications. action classname} classname whether the action conforming to the to or the classname to to this action. action based IP DHCP or IP DHCP or with the command Switch command, readwrite. If the using option or with the action every the command properly, the as action every This shows to the action to conforming to action this to actions that to associated classifications. action classname} classname whether the action conforming to the to or action CLI Reference
to Service Differentiated Services the classname to to this action. action based IP DHCP or IP DHCP or with the command Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the action to conforming to the action this command to the of the previously this class. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to To and assign and their associated to service
Commands service info service The commands to and assign to service below and the associated section as shown. information about... to service info service service this to information about service service info summary summary service summary information. information information about traffic. Switch command, readonly. This shows to summary of incoming service traffic: D2(rw)->show service info summary Interface Direction this to service statistics. service summary service info CLI Reference
service service Differentiated Services summary summary of service statistics. statistics information about incoming traffic. Switch command, readonly. This shows to incoming statistics about service D2(rw)->show service Interface...................................... Direction...................................... Class this to or to or service or the specified or the specified to incoming traffic. the to which this applied. the to to or from traffic. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to apply the to D2 service
Typically, the to the following Class. or within the Class. or to the (Conforming/Nonconforming, Rate Rewrite) actions or Rewrite) actions to the Assign the to or The following to through these to This to of 100Mb/s, and the rewrites the DSCP to of ingressed to of 100Mb/s, and the traffic, rewrites the DSCP to of forwarding classevery match every classevery classevery classevery action classevery classevery classevery action classevery service service This which VOIP (DSCP or through and other traffic. match match action service CLI Reference
Differentiated Services
Summary Profiles This chapter the of commands and to them. information about... to Summary Profiles to Profiles Class of Service (CoS) profilebased of allowing IT to: or based businessspecific of services. or to services creating and assigning which to protocolbased VLAN or Class of Service (CoS). Assign or to that activated allowed to accordingly. It recommended that Networks NetSight as to CLI the To and that to businessdriven B3, C3, and G3 profile-based CoS only. specifying CoS only D2, C2 and B2 CLI Reference
Commands information about... to clear this to information. information or (Optional) information specified (Optional) information. If optional specified, summary information displayed the specified or indices. Switch command, readonly.
This shows to information Profile Profile MacAuth1 active VID VID CoS CoS :MACSource(1),MACDest(2),Unknown(3), :Unknown(4),Unknown(5),Unknown(6), :Unknown(7),Unknown(8),Unknown(9), :Unknown(10),Unknown(11),IPSource(12), :UDPDestPort(16),TCPSrcPort(17),TCPDestPort(18), :ICMPType(19),Unknown(20),IPTOS(21), :IPProto(22),Unknown(23),Unknown(24), :Ether(25),Unknown(26),VLANTag(27), :Unknown(28),Unknown(29),Unknown(30), Profile Profile Profile of the command What It Displays... Profile of the Profile User-supplied assigned to this Whether or the active or VID Whether or PVID or this If associated with this then this specified, VID The PVID assigned to PVID CoS CoS to to CoS CoS Whether or Class of Service or this If associated with this then this specified, that to which the assigned to to which the assigned. that to which the assigned the of of Profile assigned to this CLI Reference
Table (Continued) What It Displays... Profile currently assigned to this Profile assigned to this this to the (Optional) the This from to characters. (Optional) or PVID this If associated with this then this specified, (Optional) the PVID to PVID and as (Optional) or Class of Service this If associated with this then this specified, (Optional) CoS to assign to CoS and as to (Optional) Assigns to this higher of to the If optional specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to with PVID PVID and ClassofService CoS of that
clear Commands this command to clear the of the to to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to To assign, and to This user to information about... to clear clear CLI Reference clear
this command to information. ether ipsourcesocket tcpsourceport active not-in-service not-ready display-if-used ID or ether Ethernet type II IP field IP IP ipsourcesocket IP of Service MAC MAC TCP tcpsourceport TCP UDP UDP This the type to Table each type. (Optional) to each type and (Optional) related to active notinservice notready (Optional) related to (Optional) or (Optional) VLAN ID. based whether or associated with ID. (Optional) ClassofService
associated with ID (Optional) information. (Optional) If selected, each and those which this displayifused (Optional) only they to least If specified, summary information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information Ethernet type ether |PID |RS|ST|VLAN|CoS |U| |Ether |Ether |Ether |Ether This shows to information A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| A|NV| Table of the Table What It Displays... PID Profile to this with the of to Table types. to each type. to Table each to which this RS Whether or the of this active (A), service or ready. CLI Reference
(Continued) What It Displays... ST Whether or this type (NV) or (V). VLAN VLAN ID to which this and whether or or CoS If Class of Service to which this Whether or this used. Whether or this ID. Whether or this ID. this to Switch command, readonly. this to The of this shows and the type of type, that relative to each the of the actions this The of the attributes. The from the assigned, or The four from the the actions that The three action that the to that action classified that
This shows to the to of the displayed: The following related to this VLAN Priority Table C SUPPORTED RULE TYPES C |MAC |MAC |IPX |IPX |IPX |IPX |IPX |IPX type field |IP |IP |IP |UDP |UDP |TCP |TCP |ICMP type |TTL |IP type of service |IP |Ether II type |LLC DSAP/SSAP/CTRL |VLAN tci CLI Reference
this to assign incoming to and to VLAN This of to ID and the other to and to ether ipsourcesocket tcpsourceport when created. The following apply to creating that this ID Classifies based VLAN specified of from to or (Optional) the of to match, the of from to to Table each type and Associates this with its with the as (Optional) Assigns this to the specified would assigned to the specified the as The following apply to creating to which this assigned. with the as ether Classifies based type Ethernet II Classifies based field IP Classifies based IP with optional ipsourcesocket Classifies based IP with optional Classifies based of Service field IP Classifies based MAC
Classifies based MAC Classifies based TCP tcpsourceport Classifies based TCP Classifies based UDP Classifies based UDP the classifier. This the type to Table each type. (Optional) the of to match, the to each type and Classifies to VLAN ID. that this to ClassofService ID. of that CoS forwarding (Not B3, C3, and G3.) that within this or forwarded. Switch command, readwrite. Table the that type, and the that each associated with that Table ether field Ethernet II or field IP or Destination or Source IP Address: ipsourcesocket of Service IP or Destination or Source MAC: Destination or Source TCP tcpsourceport IP and (Optional) MAC Address: TCP or CLI Reference
clear clear (Continued) Destination or Source UDP VLAN This shows to Table to assign to that Ethernet II to VLAN ether This shows to to assign to that UDP from This shows to Table to to that IP from IP If specified as shown, of (IP applied: ipsourcesocket this to This of to clear ID and the other to clear clear clear ether ipsourcesocket tcpsourceport The following apply to that the to ID the based VLAN of from to or (Optional) the of to match, the of from to to Table each type and The following apply to UDP or
clear which to associated with the specified ether associated Ethernet II icmptype associated ICMP associated IP associated IP ipsourcesocket associated IP associated IP of Service associated MAC associated MAC associated TCP tcpsourceport associated TCP associated UDP associated UDP and specified to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to Ethernet II associated with from ether This shows to from that UDP from this to clear clear CLI Reference
to Profiles to Profiles Commands Switch command, readwrite. This shows to and The D2 switch to To assign and to information about... to clear this command to assign to the to to the of to Used the CLI the ID of the to which the This match the profileindex assigned the to active the specified Switch command, readwrite.
clear Class of Service (CoS) This shows to allow Ethernet through to to this command to from or clear the from which to the of to Used the CLI the ID of the to which the This match the assigned the to active the specified Switch command, readwrite. This shows to from D2(rw)->clear It recommended that NetSight as to CLI policy-based CoS the switches. The Class of Service (CoS), which allows to to higher through the of The higher through the serviced first traffic). The Class of Service of the Class of Service based the IEEE 802.1D specification, and allows to with highest priority) and to each policybased CoS the and or userassigned portbased 802.1D to policybased CoS CLI Reference clear
Class of Service (CoS) About CoS the and userassigned policybased portbased Chapter Once the as to the policybased CoS function and assigning inbound The CoS the following and associated commands Procedure follows the Procedure CoS Command(s) CoS CoS physical reference the IRL reference (physical reference) each IRL reference to CoS This inbound and then assigns them to with CoS of and and assign to the user Inbound Rate physical inbound each group. the IRL of the IRL of
Index Unit Rate Rate Action Unit Rate Rate Action the CoS IRL reference each group, reference each IRL created the previous reference reference reference reference Reference Rate reference Index Reference Rate the CoS CoS CoS which of the IRL reference, created the previous irl-reference CoS Priority ToS IRL Class of Service (CoS) CLI Reference
Commands information about... to clear clear clear clear reference reference clear reference clear port-type this to or Class of Service. or Class of Service the switch. Switch command, readwrite.
clear This shows to Class of Service: this to the Class of Service Switch command, readonly. This shows to the Class of Service D2(rw)->show Class-of-Service this command to CoS back to its of clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the CoS back to its of CLI Reference
this to Class of Service the CoS irl-reference irl-reference Class of Service entry. to to with the lowest priority. section below information. (Optional) of Service irlreference (Optional) the inbound associated with this irlreference to section below information. If optional specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. The CoS of service and displays them as to CoS Essentially, CoS assignment. of service consists of priority, optional ToS and IRL reference. CoS Indexes each CoS CoS through created and directly to backwards compatibility. These and CoS assigned. to CoS or Priority CoS each CoS created, the the option to assign to the of service. CoS through directly to and as they ToS This of service, required. assigned to of service which this the ToS field of the incoming IP to the the of the ToS field rewritable. ToS CoS through IRL Reference The CoS IRL reference field optional, as required. The IRL reference inbound to the CoS IRL Reference This reference thought of as the that assign the physical the IRL Reference reference
clear This shows to CoS with of this to clear Class of Service clear irl-reference Class of Service to clear. Clears associated with this entry. Clears the associated with this entry. Clears the of Service associated with this entry. irlreference Clear the IRL reference associated with this entry. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the CoS D2(rw)->clear this to Class of Service (Optional) Class of Service to If specified, CoS displayed. Switch command, readonly. CLI Reference clear
This to CoS CoS Priority ToS IRL this command to inbound and or from the group. group-type-index clear that this inbound (IRL) group. grouptypeindex inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would specified as (Optional) the (Optional) assigned to the of the type (Optional) the to the that already the clear (Optional) Clear the from those assigned to the Switch command, readwrite. CoS IRL and the type of the group, the of group#.porttype The IRL This and physical the assigned to to
through Currently, only type (type supported. This type Additional created flexibility. assigned to from the other from the groupand of the type as the group. The creation of to their function flexibility. instance, associated to users to Users and associated to to these of service assign to each group. assigned while assigned another. DFE of CoS function (IRL). The displays each IRL and type, with the and associated (assigned) The porttype displays the inbound the type. This and and assign to the this to inbound and the assigned group-type-index (Optional) that inbound information should displayed. grouptypeindex (Optional) assigned group. the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although only type currently supported. would specified as The Switch command, readonly. This shows inbound that through from the when they to and CLI Reference
clear clear Inbound Rate this to clear inbound or assigned clear group-type-index Clear IRL Clear inbound grouptypeindex or or clear the from that group. the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would specified as this inbound Clear the assigned of this to its Clear the assigned to this to its Switch command, readwrite. The
This the this to the inbound IRL group. group-type-index type IRL grouptypeindex inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would as of the inbound associated with this from to Unit of the inbound (only option second. this inbound This the from to type Action the The action option the exceeded. Switch command, readwrite. CoS where physical directly to the of the type. type IRL each and as group#.porttype.irlindex initially as Inbound or policing, or inbound exceeded. CoS inbound allows the to based second. The command displays the each group. IRL The Rate and otherwise. CLI Reference
clear This the inbound to or MB: type this to the IRL group-type-index (Optional) that inbound should displayed. grouptypeindex (Optional) inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would specified as (Optional) Inbound the group. from to If and IRL specified, the IRL shown. Switch command, readonly. This displays the IRL the Unit Rate Rate Action this command to the inbound clear group-type-index type
reference that IRL to cleared. Clear IRL grouptypeindex inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although only type currently supported. specified as (Optional) Inbound associated with the specified group. from to Clear the of the inbound Clear the this inbound type Clear the action the Switch command, readwrite. This clears the to IRL this to the Class of Service inbound reference reference group-type-index reference that IRL reference grouptypeindex inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would specified as reference IRL reference associated with this entry. Rate (IRL to this reference to. from to CLI Reference reference
reference reference Switch command, readwrite. The CoS reference the IRL references found the CoS to created the The CoS reference thought of as The accounts the of the The then to the physical The CoS IRL Reference Table The CoS IRL reference or and each to physical or IRL reference each and to as group#, porttype, reference. IRL with the The IRL reference using the reference command. the CoS IRL reference and reference the IRL created each group. The reference used. reference reference this to the Class of Service inbound reference reference group-type-index (Optional) that inbound reference information should displayed. grouptypeindex (Optional) inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. specified as If specified, CoS reference information displayed. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly.
clear reference This shows the Class of Service IRL that of the this reference Reference Rate this command to clear the Class of Service inbound reference clear reference group-type-index reference that IRL cleared. Clear and grouptypeindex inbound group/type the of group#.porttype group# from to porttype from to although type currently supported. would specified as reference Clear reference the specified group. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the CoS inbound reference reference CLI Reference clear reference
clear this to CoS Switch command, readonly. This shows inbound Unit: inbound Unit Rate Rate this to clear Class of Service clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the CoS
port-type this to Class of Service type port-type port-type (Optional) inbound information. porttype (Optional) information type. If specified, inbound information displayed. Switch command, readonly. The D2 type inbound type includes The type D2100 IRL, which that this type of inbound group. This shows inbound information type port-type of Supported types: inbound type of Supported Unselected Index type D2 IRL CLI Reference port-type
port-type
Priority and Rate Priority Summary This chapter the Priority and Rate of commands and to them. information about... to Priority Summary Priority Priority to Quality of Service Rate The Class of Service (CoS), which allows to to higher through the of The higher through the serviced first traffic. The Class of Service of the implemented Class of Service based the IEEE 802.1D and allows to through and them to each through each with the lowest priority. without information its header assigned to the the the of to the through that without indicated their header classified as and transmitted to that priority. the allow to further the of inbound port/priority CoS the command as CoS-based with the command this section. CLI Reference
Priority Priority Commands Priority and Rate To or characteristics as follows: or the Classof Service (CoS) through of each that (ingress) without information their header. the mappingtopriority of each each to to 802.1D the header. information about... to clear this to the 802.1D or (Optional) information of to Used the CLI If specified, displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the the through to to to to to
clear this to the 802.1D ClassofService through each without information its header assigned to the the the of to the through that without indicated their header classified as with information its header transmitted to that priority. the which to priority. of to Used the CLI of to to the CoS the the Priority of the lowest priority. Switch command, readwrite. The the with The command as internally through the This shows to of this without information their header to the of this command to the CoS to This without its header to to clear CLI Reference
Priority to Priority to Commands Priority and Rate the which to clear priority. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to the priority: D2(rw)->clear To the following: the to of each physical each to to the priority, the or to based of capacity, assigned to using the Clear or information about... to clear this to the through with as the lowest associated with the the lowest priority) each selected with transmitted to the the command
(Optional) the of to or If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information this with of associated with with or priority, associated with and forth: P0 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 this to 802.1D to This to the to with the lowest each of the selected You apply the to or the which to of to Used the CLI of through the lowest that what the this command. of through the lowest that the which to the with the this command. Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference
clear clear Quality of Service Commands Priority and Rate Priority to Ethernet the to Ethernet the to Ethernet the This shows to received to this to back to or clear the which to clear of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the the switch each The commands this section allow to the and each of the through each physical the switch. Priority and the physical that the LAG. information about... to
information about... to clear this to information or physical (Optional) which to of to Used the CLI physical displayed. LAG information. If the specified, the of physical displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the algorithm and Q0 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q5 Q6 Q7 WRR this to physical CLI Reference
clear clear Priority and Rate which to of to Used the CLI physical with this command. LAG to to The Switch command, readwrite. (SP) or weighted roundrobin (WRR). If WRR assigned to those with this command. specified the of to specified through This shows to the the to This shows to the to the to Q0 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q5 Q6 Q7 STR SP SP SP SP SP SP SP SP this command to clear back to their clear
Clears back to their of to Used the CLI physical with this command. LAG configured. as follows: WRR WRR WRR WRR WRR WRR WRR WRR Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear CLI Reference clear
clear Priority and Rate
IGMP About IP About Multicasting This chapter the IGMP of commands and to them. information about... to IGMP IGMP The (IGMP) and their immediately neighboring The allow to inform its that to to group. its they to traffic. If there than the LAN IP of these elected and the of the LAN Based the membership information learned from IGMP, which to to each of its At this information, with routing to IP IP IGMP the IP service, only concerned with forwarding from the to directly attached subnetwork or LAN This IP the IGMP and IGMP IP and IP to learn IP The of IP to switched performance to those containing or instead of to the (VLAN). Multicasting to such as or streaming to establish with each It broadcasts its service to the and that to the with their switch/router. Although this approach reduces the overhead the every IGMP CLI Reference
IGMP IGMP Commands IGMP switch/router through to that only to the that to this service. To IGMP from the switch CLI. information about... to interfacemode groupmembershipinterval clear this to IGMP information. Switch command, readonly.
information displayed whether or IGMP information only when the function information IGMP the to information IGMP or to interfacemode This shows to IGMP information: Membership Router Interfaces IGMP Count..................0 the CPU...............0 this to or IGMP the or IGMP the Switch command, readwrite. IGMP to or the with this command, and then the interface as interfacemode IGMP This shows to IGMP the CLI Reference
interfacemode interfacemode groupmembershipinterval IGMP this to or IGMP or interfacemode or which to or IGMP. or IGMP. Switch command, readwrite. IGMP to or the the as and then this command. This shows to IGMP interfacemode this to the IGMP membership the groupmembershipinterval the IGMP membership seconds. This together with the to from IGMP and than the Switch command, readwrite.
The IGMP membership the of and than the IGMP as This shows to the IGMP membership to seconds: groupmembershipinterval this to the IGMP the the IGMP seconds. The seconds. This together with the groupmembershipinterval to from IGMP and than the membership Switch command, readwrite. This than the IGMP groupmembershipinterval This shows to the IGMP to seconds: this to the IGMP router the CLI Reference
IGMP the IGMP router seconds. of the with The Switch command, readwrite. This the switch from the If the and the only the switch, then the This shows to the IGMP router to infinity: This IGMP or or to existing the IP the the which to the entry. (Optional) the specified or to existing entry. (Optional) the or to to the entry. If specified, to the entry. If specified, created. Switch command, readwrite. this command to and IGMP
This IGMP the with IP of VLAN with the This IGMP or or from existing entry. the IP of the the which the (Optional) the specified or from existing (Optional) the or to from the If specified, from the entry. Switch command, readwrite. This from the the with IP of VLAN This displays IGMP or or IGMP group] the VLAN which to IGMP (Optional) the IGMP which to IGMP If specified, information displayed. CLI Reference
clear IGMP Switch command, readonly. This displays the IGMP VLAN Static IGMP IGMP this to forwarding (MFDB) information. (Optional) MFDB statistics. If specified, MFDB displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to forwarding MAC Interfaces 00:14:01:00:5E:02:CD:B0 Network 00:32:01:00:5E:37:96:D0 Network 00:32:01:00:5E:7F:FF:FA Network This shows to forwarding statistics: MFDB MFDB Since this to clear IGMP clear
Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear IGMP to clear IGMP IGMP Cleared. clear CLI Reference
clear IGMP
Commands and Network This chapter switchrelated and commands and to them. The commands this chapter to of the from the switch CLI only. information router-related including router ARP and IP traffic, to Chapter information about... to Network and Switch Network and Network (SNTP) To and including and the information about... to clear clear CLI Reference
and Network information about... to clear clear this to the (Optional) information to entry. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to information: D2(ro)->show IP Facility Severity warning(5) warning(5) Table of the What It Displays... IP IP this the command, to Facility facility that to this to Severity Severity which the Text of this facility/server. UDP the to to the Whether or this currently or
this to facility facility severity severity the this (Optional) the IP facility facility (Optional) the facility to severity severity (Optional) the severity which the and action required) warning informational (Optional) of this facility/server. (Optional) the UDP the to to the (Optional) or this facility/server If specified, the created with the specified and that IP assigned. If specified, facility severity and to with the If specified, the or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to IP facility severity facility severity CLI Reference
clear clear and Network this to from the clear the the to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the with from the this to the Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the back to Facility Severity warning(5)
clear this command to facility facility] severity severity facility facility the facility to severity severity the severity and action required) informational the UDP the to to the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the facility to and the severity to facility severity this to clear facility severity facility (Optional) the facility to severity (Optional) the severity to of CLI Reference
and Network (Optional) the UDP the to to the to At least optional three optional to to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the severity to severity this command to the severity of or (Optional) severity the and of and their and typed as they appear (Optional) severity If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly.
This shows to information to the SNMP D2(ro)->show SNMP Application Severity SNMP 6(notifications) 7(information) of the Table What displays... Application of the Severity Severity which the the This (from to and its associated severity shown the CLI of these which using the command, to this to the severity of or of to This the and of To the as and their and typed as they appear the severity CLI Reference
clear clear and Network (Optional) the severity which the and action required) warning informational Applications Application CLIWEB Command Interface and SNMP Network STP Tree Non-application items such as chassis UPN Router Router If specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the severity SNMP to that that SNMP this to the severity or to the of of clear
the severity to and their Table the severity to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the severity to SNMP. D2(rw)->clear SNMP this command to the of to the and Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of this to the and to this to to the and CLI Reference
clear clear and Network or to the or to Switch command, readwrite. This command shows to to the and to this command to clear the and the clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear this to the and and displayed.
Network and Commands history Switch command, readonly. This shows of the information with the command: from from To switch and history, to the of the history and to and information about... to history history history this to the of the history The history includes the switch commands to of as specified the history history history Network and CLI Reference
history history history and Network Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the command history It shows there commands the D2(su)->history hist this to the of the history history Switch command, readonly. This shows to the of the history history History this to the of the history history the of the history to (Optional) this
users Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of the command history to history this to ICMP to another the network from the switch CLI. the IP of the to which the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to IP this this this the IP responding: from this command to information about the active or to the switch. CLI Reference
and Network Switch command, readonly. This shows to the users command. this there users with ReadWrite from IP and users Location this to active or from the switch CLI. the IP of the to disconnected. This displayed the shown users active Switch command, readwrite. This shows to to This shows to the
Switch Network and Commands To or switch ARP and to MAC information. information about... to clear traceroute clear clear clear this to the switchs ARP Switch command, readonly. Switch Network and CLI Reference
and Network This shows to the ARP LINK LEVEL ARP TABLE IP Interface Table of the command What It Displays... IP IP to MAC MAC to IP Route and their manually to ARP this this to to the switchs ARP the IP to to the MAC and to the ARP the MAC to to the IP and to the ARP The MAC as or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to IP to MAC
clear traceroute this to or from the switchs ARP clear the IP the ARP to cleared, or clears ARP Switch command, readwrite. This shows to from the ARP this command to hopbyhop through IP from the to host. Three UDP or ICMP each the and the traceroute traceroute first-ttl (Optional) seconds to to firstttl (Optional) the to (TTL) of the first outgoing (Optional) the to (TTL) outgoing (Optional) the UDP (Optional) the of (Optional) the routing (Optional) the option. (Optional) numerically. (Supported release.) (Optional) including the and of each the to which the of IP traced. CLI Reference clear
and Network If specified, to seconds. If specified, firsttt to second. If specified, to seconds. If specified, to If specified, to If specified, routing used. If specified, the option used. If specified, summary displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to traceroute to round to this the switch, and back to the IP Round each of the three UDP displayed to each traceroute to this to MAC the switchs These learned through the switching process. type other learned (Optional) MAC known the (Optional) MAC (Optional) MAC type other learned (Optional) information related to other learned or type. If specified, MAC the displayed.
Switch command, readonly. This shows to MAC information MAC FID 00-09-6B-0F-13-E6 Learned MAC VLAN Table of the Table What It Displays... MAC MAC to the shown. FID type. Learned Other (this include MAC as MAC VLAN The VLAN ID the MAC The of the The which to the this to the timeout learned MAC CLI Reference
clear and Network Switch command, readonly. This shows to the MAC timeout seconds This to the timeout learned MAC the timeout seconds learned MAC to seconds. seconds. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the MAC timeout this to the timeout learned MAC to the of seconds. clear Switch command, readonly.
This shows to the MAC timeout to the of seconds. this to the MAC which the the when algorithm mac-crc16-lowerbits mac-crc32-lowerbits maccrc16lowerbits Select the MAC CRC Select the MAC CRC maccrc32lowerbits Select the MAC CRC algorithm the MAC CRC The MAC algorithm Switch command, readwrite. Each algorithm of MAC this the switch and to the The MAC algorithm This the algorithm to algorithm This displays the currently selected MAC CLI Reference
clear algorithm clear and Network Switch command, readonly. This shows the of this command. this to the MAC to the of clear algorithm Switch command, readwrite. This the MAC algorithm to the this to what within VLAN learned or what with the specified MAC flooded. Also, this to to or clear from the clear the MAC The MAC as or the VLAN ID containing the
clear the or of the MAC learned or flooded to. clear or clears the or of from the If the apply to Switch command, readwrite. This MAC VLAN this to MAC clear the MAC to cleared. The MAC as or (Optional) the VLAN ID from which to clear the MAC If specified, the MAC cleared from Switch command, readwrite. This clears MAC from VLAN this to the of protection. CLI Reference clear
and Network Switch command, readwrite. This displays the of protection. this to or protection. this from loaded. or protection. Switch command, readwrite. The following when this function 01:80:C2:00:00:11 01:80:C2:00:00:14 01:80:C2:00:00:15 The disabled, and these This protection.
Network (SNTP) Commands To the Network (SNTP), which clocks IP the D2 to SNTP. information about... to clear clear clear clear clear this to SNTP Switch command, readonly. Network (SNTP) CLI Reference
and Network This shows to SNTP SNTP TUE SEP 'EST', offset from UTC hours and Broadcast Count: seconds Retry: Timeout: seconds SNTP SNTP TUE SEP SNTP TUE SEP SNTP SNTP-Server Active Active Table of the command Table What It Displays... SNTP SNTP the clock. and amount offset from UTC (Universal Whether SNTP operating or Broadcast Count of SNTP received. SNTP of seconds using the command Retry of to SNTP of using the Timeout Timeout to SNTP of seconds command SNTP of SNTP SNTP and of SNTP SNTP and of SNTP SNTP Whether or reception or and reception SNTP-Server IP of SNTP of SNTP relation to its Highest and lowest of the Whether or the SNTP active.
clear this to the SNTP SNTP SNTP this the supply the IP from which to the SNTP. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SNTP this to clear the SNTP clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the SNTP CLI Reference
clear and Network this to from which the SNTP the when operating to as SNTP the SNTP IP (Optional) this SNTP relation to its (highest) to (lowest). If specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the IP as SNTP this to or from the SNTP clear the IP of to from the SNTP from the SNTP Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the IP from the SNTP
clear this command to the SNTP the seconds. to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the SNTP to seconds: this command to clear the SNTP clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the SNTP this to the of to SNTP CLI Reference
clear clear and Network the of to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of SNTP to this to clear the of to SNTP clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the of SNTP this to the timeout seconds) to SNTP timeout timeout the timeout seconds. to
clear Commands Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the SNTP timeout to seconds: this command to clear the SNTP timeout. clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the SNTP timeout: To review, and functionality, which what or information about... to clear clear CLI Reference
and this command to or (Optional) If specified, Switch command, readonly. This shows to through D2(rw)->show Used Table of the Table What It Displays... of this Used of of the amount this Whether or or this this to or or or the of
clear or the of to The the which to or of Switch command, readwrite. reception, assigned to with which the statically created, using the clear as clear This shows to the this to to and clear the clear the which to the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the clear CLI Reference
clear and Network
RMON Functions This chapter the commands to RMON switch. information about... to RMON Functions Statistics History Commands Commands Commands Commands Commands RMON Network and performance information and allows SNMP stations and RMON the SNMP MIB that of about These MIB each gather of to the RMON each groups function and the and the associated commands RMON Functions and RMON What It What It Monitors... CLI Command(s) Statistics Records statistics measured the RMON each interface the RMON and CRC and and counters clear CLI Reference
RMON Functions RMON Table RMON Functions and Commands (Continued) RMON What It What It Monitors... CLI Command(s) History Records of history from and item(s) gathers from the and them with previously thresholds. If the threshold, the and of from the Allows to matched These matched or that Allows to match. type, threshold, threshold. type, the the history clear history clear clear clear clear clear
Statistics Commands Commands To and clear RMON statistics. to the counted information about... to clear this to RMON statistics measured or (Optional) RMON statistics If specified, RMON Switch command, readonly. Statistics Commands CLI Reference
RMON This shows to RMON statistics Ethernet switch Source ifIndex.1 Collisions Octets Octets Broadcast Octets Octets CRC Octets Octets Octets Table of the this to RMON statistics this statistics entry. to which this assigned. (Optional) Assigns this If specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON statistics
clear History Commands Commands history this to or RMON statistics clear or to causing them to from RMON history to This to reappear RMON Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON statistics D2(rw)->clear To and clear RMON history and statistics. information about... to history history clear history this to RMON history and statistics. The RMON history records from history CLI Reference clear
history history RMON (Optional) RMON history If specified, information about RMON history displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to RMON history Ethernet switch displays first, followed to the entry. this the owner, and of from their of the of statistics shown, to history Source ifIndex.1 Granted hours seconds Octets Broadcast Collisions CRC this to RMON history history this (Optional) Assigns this to (Optional) the of to (Optional) the seconds. (Optional) this entry.
clear history Commands If specified, the of If specified, to seconds. If specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows RMON history to every seconds: history this to or RMON history or or to to history clear history or history to causing them to from RMON history to This to reappear RMON Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON history D2(rw)->clear history To and clear RMON and CLI Reference clear history
Commands RMON information about... to clear this to RMON The RMON from RMON and them with thresholds. If the threshold RMON (Optional) RMON ID. If specified, information about RMON displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to RMON D2(rw)->show Threshold Falling Threshold Index Table of the What It Displays... this entry. Text who this entry.
(Continued) What It Displays... Whether this or MIB to monitored. Whether the or Whether when this first or seconds which RMON Threshold threshold causing Threshold threshold causing of the RMON to when the threshold crossed. Index of the RMON to when the threshold crossed. this to RMON entry, or to with type rthresh rthresh fthresh fthresh this or (Optional) seconds) RMON to (Optional) MIB to monitored. type (Optional) the the of the or the This the command, specified to the CLI Reference
RMON (Optional) the type of when this first when RMON reaches threshold reached, than second. when RMON below threshold when the normally Either when or threshold reached. rthresh rthresh (Optional) threshold causing fthresh fthresh threshold causing the of the RMON to when the threshold crossed. the of the RMON to when the threshold crossed. (Optional) the of the that this entry. seconds type rthresh fthresh Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON This of the seconds: type rthresh this to RMON entry. that of threshold.
clear this or this Switch command, readwrite. RMON created this command, the then this command. RMON created and the specifying with the command. This shows to RMON this to RMON entry. clear the of to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear RMON D2(rw)->clear CLI Reference clear
Commands Commands RMON To and clear RMON and to RMON information about... to clear this to RMON (Optional) RMON and ID. If specified, information about RMON displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to RMON D2(rw)->show STP Topology log-and-trap Community hours seconds Table of the
What It Displays... this Text who this entry. Whether this or Text of this Whether the entry, and SNMP both, or Community SNMP community type to matching this this to RMON entry, or to with type both} community community this entry. of (Optional) text of this type (Optional) the type of RMON both SNMP or both and community (Optional) SNMP community to the type to SNMP and community to Creating SNMP Trap (Optional) the of the that this If specified, applied. If specified, type applied. If specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference
clear RMON This shows to and RMON STP that both and SNMP to the community: "STP topology type both community this to RMON entry. the of RMON that fired RMON and to or both. this entry. of this entry. Switch command, readwrite. RMON created this command, the command then this command. RMON created and the specifying with the command. This shows to RMON this to RMON and associated clear the of the to cleared.
Commands Commands Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear RMON D2(rw)->clear The and function interface and interface, the switch as to as These inspection. If there the when the function started, the Once the the the Therefore, of the only and of back to back One supported, with to three and information within the This function concurrently with The to concurrently both and warning the CLI attempted. information about... to clear clear Commands CLI Reference
RMON this to RMON or (Optional) RMON If specified, information about displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to RMON information D2(rw)->show EntryStatus= off matched ready Matches EST NetSight smith this command to RMON entry. matched off this created chosen. of the which monitored. matched (Optional) the action of the this matched matches they match off (Optional) or of the flow of through the
clear (Optional) this (Optional) the of the that this entry. If action specified, matches. If specified, to off If specified, applied. If specified, to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON this to clear RMON clear the to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear RMON D2(rw)->clear this command to or RMON CLI Reference clear
RMON (Optional) information about entry, or about which to If options specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to RMON and information: D2(rw)->show Index= Index= EntryStatus= ETS,NAC-D this to RMON offset offset this entry. created chosen. of the to which this applied. offset offset (Optional) offset from the of the to matches. (Optional) that to matched. (Optional) the to to which (Optional) the inversion that which should or (Optional) the to matched.
clear (Optional) the to to which (Optional) the inversion that which should or (Optional) the of the that this entry. If specified, to If other options specified, applied. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON and apply to offset this to clear RMON entry. clear Clears entry, or to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear RMON D2(rw)->clear CLI Reference clear
Commands Commands Commands RMON that only and of backtoback To RMON or and clear information about... to clear this to RMON and associated (Optional) the specified and associated with that entry. (Optional) the specified If options specified, and associated displayed. Switch command, readonly.
This shows to RMON and associated D2(rw)->show EntryStatus= FullAction Download Download offset Octet Octet Granted hours seconds captureEntry= ID hours seconds this to RMON entry. action offset offset the to which this applied. action (Optional) the action of the when to (Optional) the from each to Currently, the only allowed (Optional) the from each to from the The offset offset (Optional) the first from each that (Optional) the to this Currently, the only which as as (Optional) the of the that this entry. CLI Reference
clear clear RMON If specified, action to If specified, offset to If specified, to (which as as If specified, applied. If specified, applied. If specified, to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to RMON to this to clears RMON entry. clear the to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear RMON D2(rw)->clear
DHCP DHCP This chapter the commands to the DHCP functionality D switch. information about... to DHCP DHCP IP (DHCP) that or assignment of IP and other information to DHCP of IP from which assignments relay DHCP and which physical DHCP functionality allows the switch to basic IP information to the who such information the DHCP DHCP the following IP DHCP assigns IP to of (or the explicitly relinquishes the from of IP the IP assigned the and DHCP to the assigned to the This of the The amount of that IP lease. The lease which information about each assigned IP the MAC to which it assigned, the lease and whether the assignment or The DHCP lease memory. to assigning IP the DHCP to assign the following to router(s) DNS and WINS and DHCP CLI Reference
DHCP DHCP DHCP DHCP options as RFC of and/or the DHCP to function the to know about the IP which the DHCP to created. This associating the DHCP with the switchs IP The following basic DHCP functionality when the DHCP associated with the IP the IP with the command. Once the IP the then knows about the DHCP functionality the with the command. IP IP assignment. The to the and the and the that the to the and the as the IP DHCP this switch the VLAN as the Optional DHCP You the of assigned to assignment with the command. to the The IP of the excluded. assignment. The to the the of the or the and the IP and the static-pool static-pool other DHCP such as the of to assigning IP or
DHCP Commands To DHCP and to and clear information, statistics, and information. information about... to clear clear clear clear statistics clear statistics this command to or the DHCP functionality the or DHCP functionality. DHCP Switch command, readwrite. DHCP CLI Reference
DHCP This DHCP functionality. this to or BOOTP BOOTP to RFC DHCP and BOOTP, information. or BOOTP Switch command, readwrite. This BOOTP this to the clear to Switch command, readwrite. This DHCP
clear this to information, or [Optional] the which to information. If specified, information displayed. Readonly. This displays information that the only used. D2(ro)->show IP Detection Detection this command to clear information or or to clear ip-address| Clears the information the specified IP Clears the information IP Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference
clear DHCP This DHCP D2(rw)->clear This clears the information the IP D2(rw)->clear this to the IP that the DHCP should assign to DHCP the to excluded. low-ipaddr lowipaddr the first IP the to from assignment. (Optional) the IP the to excluded. Switch command, readwrite. This first the with the Class C with the command. Then, the the of the that assigned DHCP with the command. this to clear the IP that the DHCP should assign to DHCP clear the first IP the to cleared.
clear (Optional) the IP the to cleared. Switch command, readwrite. This clears the previously of IP through D2(rw)->clear this to the of the DHCP to IP assigning the to the of to The of or from to this function. The Switch command, readwrite. This the of to this to the of the DHCP back to the of clear CLI Reference
clear DHCP Switch command, readwrite. This the of back to the D2(rw)->clear this to information or IP (Optional) the IP which to information. If IP specified, information displayed. Readonly. This displays information about D2(rw)->show IP Lease this to clear or DHCP clear
statistics the IP which to the DHCP Switch command, readwrite. This the DHCP IP D2(rw)->clear this to DHCP statistics. statistics Readonly. This displays statistics. D2(ro)->show statistics DHCP DISCOVER DHCP REQUEST DHCP DECLINE DHCP RELEASE DHCP INFORM DHCP OFFER DHCP ACK DHCP NACK statistics CLI Reference
clear statistics clear statistics IP Considerations DHCP this to clear DHCP counters. clear statistics Switch command, readwrite. This clears DHCP counters. D2(rw)->clear statistics The of the IP issued should the as the interface (that the of the IP of the switch, or routing interfaces the of the routing interface). the or the both recommended. If the DHCP then with that the switch the to processed. The and type (Ethernet or IEEE when the and the incoming DHCP include option. To and clear DHCP and to information. of and/or the
information about... to clear clear network clear clear clear clear bootfile clear bootfile clear lease clear lease clear clear clear clear clear option clear option IP CLI Reference
clear DHCP this to and assign to DHCP of to that this command to other the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This this to DHCP of clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the D2(rw)->clear
clear this to the and DHCP the of the to characters length. IP the the prefixlength the as Switch command, readwrite. this to of IP to assigned the DHCP using the specified to the of the with this command, the This the IP with of the DHCP Alternatively, the specified as This the of created the Class C the previous this to the and of DHCP of clear the of the to characters length. CLI Reference
clear DHCP Switch command, readwrite. This the and from the D2(rw)->clear this to the MAC of the DHCP and You this or the to using both recommended. type the of the to characters length. the MAC of the platform. This using or type (Optional) the of the Ethernet or IEEE If type specified, assumed. Switch command, readwrite. This as the Ethernet MAC the Alternatively, the MAC as this to the of DHCP from clear
the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the from the D2(rw)->clear this to IP and DHCP the of the to characters length. the IP (Optional) the notation. (Optional) the as If or specified, the A, B, or C used. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the the of the platform of the to assigned to that manually. CLI Reference
clear clear DHCP this command to the IP from clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the IP from the D2(rw)->clear this to the of the DHCP and You this command or the to both recommended. the of the to characters length. the this The Switch command, readwrite. The the type and the MAC the type Ethernet and the MAC then the with this
clear This shows to the rather than the of the platform. this to the of DHCP from clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the from the D2(rw)->clear this command to to DHCP when creating the of the to characters length. the to assigned to this to characters length. clear CLI Reference
clear clear bootfile DHCP Switch command, readwrite. This the to the this to DHCP from clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the from the D2(rw)->clear this command to specify the DHCP who the bootfile the of the to characters length. the
clear bootfile Switch command, readwrite. This the bootfile this to from the clear bootfile the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the from D2(rw)->clear bootfile this to the from which the to the the of the to characters length. the IP of the the DHCP should to the clear bootfile CLI Reference
clear clear lease DHCP Switch command, readwrite. This the from which should the bootfile this command to the from the clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the from D2(rw)->clear this to the of the lease IP assigned the DHCP from the lease hours (Optional) Clears (and and the of the to characters length. the of lease from to
clear lease hours (Optional) assigned, the of hours lease from to (Optional) and hours assigned, the of lease from to that the of the lease If lease specified, lease of Switch command, readwrite. This lease of hours the that to lease than then the of hours and lease this to the lease of the clear lease the of the to characters length. Clears the lease this to the of Switch command, readwrite. This the lease of D2(rw)->clear lease this to specify router the DHCP the to routers clear lease CLI Reference
clear clear DHCP the of the to characters length. the IP of router. (Optional) Specifies, of preference, to router Switch command, readwrite. This assigns router to the this to the routers this clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the router from the D2(rw)->clear this to specify or DNS the DHCP the to DNS
clear the of the to characters length. the IP of DNS (Optional) Specifies, of preference, to DNS Switch command, readwrite. This assigns DNS to the this to the DNS from the clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the DNS from the D2(rw)->clear this to to assigned to DHCP the clear CLI Reference
clear clear DHCP the of the to characters length. the The to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This assigns the mycompany.com to the mycompany.com this command to the from the clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the from the D2(rw)->clear this to assign or the DHCP the to
clear the of the to characters length. the IP of (Optional) Specifies, of preference, to Switch command, readwrite. This assigns to the this command to the from the clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite. This the from the D2(rw)->clear clear CLI Reference
clear DHCP this to specify type the DHCP the the of the to characters length. the type to WINS). the type to (WINS, then broadcast). the type to (WINS only). the type to (broadcast, then WINS). Switch command, readwrite. This as the type the this command to the type from the clear the of the to characters length. Switch command, readwrite.
option clear option This the type from the D2(rw)->clear this to DHCP options, RFC option the of the to characters length. the DHCP option as RFC from to the ASCII ASCII character containing the HEX to HEX the IP to IP Switch command, readwrite. This DHCP option which whether the should its IP forwarding. this IP forwarding with the option This DHCP option which assigns or DHCP this option this to DHCP option from the clear option option CLI Reference
DHCP the of the to characters length. the DHCP option as RFC from to Switch command, readwrite. This option from D2(rw)->clear option this to information or the of the to characters length. Readonly.
This displays information D2(rw)->show Network Lease Routers Lease Option Lease CLI Reference
DHCP
of Security This chapter the Security of commands and to them. information about... to of Security RADIUS 802.1X Authentication Configuring MAC Authentication Authentication VLAN Authorization (RFC Configuring MAC Authentication (PWA) Shell (SSH) The following security which users allowed to access, and the switch. accounts and to to the CLI or COM to Accounts and Access Authentication (HACA) authenticates of and RADIUS RADIUS this accounts. HACA active RADIUS the and to the switch SSH, and COM the RADIUS the of RADIUS timeout those locally the switch. to RADIUS SNMP or community allows to the switch SNMP To the switch, SNMP user or community The of the associated to Chapter 802.1X Based Network Access using EAPOL Authentication RADIUS to securely authenticate and to with Security CLI Reference
of Security RADIUS Attribute and Profile Assignment Attribute Security CLI commands to 802.1X, to 802.1X Authentication To EAP pass-through, which allows authentication to through the switch to 802.1X authentication with the command. MAC Authentication to securely authenticate MAC and to with to MAC Authentication Authentication allows users to authenticate using of authentication the to Authentication RFC to 802.1X authenticated or MAC authenticated to VLAN of the PVID. to VLAN Authorization (RFC MAC to or MAC the of unauthorized and MAC the to MAC Authentication (PWA) information from the to RADIUS authentication allowing to the PWA to 802.1X and MAC authentication. to Authentication (PWA) Shell (SSH) to Shell (SSH) If authentication that with RADIUS the RADIUS to assign and/or to authenticating and/or The RADIUS that the RADIUS AccessAccept back from the RADIUS to the switch the authentication process. user the RADIUS with RADIUS that the of the and/or the should assigned authentication. the authentication process, when the RADIUS RADIUS that includes the switch, the switch then the to the physical the authenticating Networks decorated and undecorated. The three To specify the to assign to the authenticating user authentication): Enterasys:version=1:policy= where the
RADIUS Commands To specify authentication): where the or To both and The undecorated that The authentication. Decorated first the switch. If found, then processed. If found that conflicting To the following: the RADIUS the switch. or the RADIUS and and secondary including IP timeout authentication and of user allowed. RADIUS to RADIUS accounting information about... to clear accounting accounting clear accounting this command to the RADIUS timeout RADIUS CLI Reference
Security (Optional) the RADIUS (Optional) the of the RADIUS timeout (Optional) the amount of seconds) to establish with the RADIUS (Optional) RADIUS information. with the to or RADIUS as If specified, RADIUS information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to RADIUS information: D2(rw)->show RADIUS RADIUS RADIUS timeout: seconds RADIUS IP Auth-Port Realm-Type Table of the What It Displays... RADIUS Whether RADIUS or RADIUS of the RADIUS The of the command as RADIUS timeout amount of seconds) to establish with the RADIUS The of the as RADIUS RADIUS IP and UDP authentication Realm-Type who to through the RADIUS authentication. This that trying to the switch SSH, to authenticate through the RADIUS Network-access: This that the to authenticate to RADIUS they allowed to the Any-access: Means that both and Network-access
this to or RADIUS authentication. number-of-retries timeout timeout network-access network-access or the RADIUS numberof the of the RADIUS from to timeout timeout the amount of seconds) to establish with the RADIUS from to seconds. the IP and the UDP authentication the RADIUS (Optional) to authentication the RADIUS and networkaccess allows to who to through the RADIUS authentication. This that trying to the switch SSH, to authenticate through the RADIUS networkaccess This that the users to authenticate to RADIUS they allowed to the Means that both and networkaccess If the or the account to the switch the or the network-access allows to the account. the to or to If specified, applied. If specified, the used. Switch command, readwrite. The allows to RADIUS accounting to with to active The RADIUS the switch once RADIUS and its IP with the the RADIUS CLI Reference
clear clear Security If RADIUS with IP the the interface IP as its the NAS-IP information about loopback interfaces, to interface This shows to the RADIUS authenticating with RADIUS IP UDP authentication and authentication of pwsecret. previously noted, the match that already as the ReadWrite the RADIUS pwsecret This shows to the RADIUS timeout to seconds: timeout This shows to RADIUS to This shows to force to the switch SSH) to authenticate through RADIUS The the of the command that of the RADIUS this Authentication. this to clear RADIUS clear timeout the of user the RADIUS to timeout the amount of to establish with the RADIUS to seconds. with the to clear the or RADIUS as the or RADIUS as Switch command, readwrite.
accounting This shows to clear RADIUS This shows to the RADIUS timeout to the of seconds: timeout this command to the RADIUS accounting This accounting information and shared accounting accounting counter timeout (Optional) or RADIUS accounting counter (Optional) counters RADIUS accounting (Optional) the of to the RADIUS accounting timeout (Optional) the amount of Switch command, readonly. If specified, RADIUS accounting information displayed. This shows to RADIUS accounting information. this RADIUS accounting currently and One and RADIUS accounting, to accounting D2(ro)->show accounting RADIUS accounting RADIUS IP Acct-Port Timeout accounting CLI Reference
accounting accounting Security this to RADIUS accounting. accounting timeout timeout server-secret or the RADIUS accounting the of to specified RADIUS accounting timeout timeout the amount of seconds) to establish with specified RADIUS accounting timeout the accounting IP UDP authentication serversecret (ReadWrite to this accounting this creating instance, as shown the below.) Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the RADIUS accounting authenticating with the accounting IP UDP authentication noted, the match that already as the ReadWrite the RADIUS accounting accounting This shows to the RADIUS accounting timeout to seconds: accounting timeout This shows to RADIUS accounting to accounting
clear accounting 802.1X Authentication Commands this to clear RADIUS accounting clear accounting timeout counter Clears the or accounting the to the of timeout the timeout to seconds. counter Clears counters. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the RADIUS accounting timeout to seconds. accounting timeout To and 802.1X authentication or using EAPOL Authentication 802.1X network authorization selected which allowing or to RADIUS To EAP pass-through, which allows authentication to through the switch to 802.1X authentication with the command information about... to auth-config auth-config clear auth-config clear accounting CLI Reference
Security information about... to clear this to 802.1X statistics, and reauthentication or information or auth-stats init reauth (Optional) authentication information. authstats (Optional) authentication statistics. init reauth (Optional) the of and reauthentication the (Optional) information of to Used the CLI If specified, 802.1X displayed. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly.
auth-config This shows to 802.1X DOT1X This shows to authentication information Auth-Diag Connecting: EAP While Connecting: Authenticating: While Authenticating While Authenticating: While Authenticating: While Authenticating: EAP While Authenticating: EAP While Authenticating: Access Others To Auth Auth This shows to authentication statistics auth-stats Auth-Stats EAPOL EAPOL EAPOL EAPOL EAPOL EAPOL EAPOL EAP EAPOL EAPOL Source: This shows to the of reauthentication through reauth reauthenticate: FALSE reauthenticate: FALSE reauthenticate: FALSE reauthenticate: FALSE reauthenticate: FALSE reauthenticate: FALSE this to 802.1X authentication or auth-config authcontrolled-portcontrol reauthenabled reauthperiod servertimeout auth-config CLI Reference
auth-config Security authcontrolled (Optional) the of the the (Optional) the currently the authentication (Optional) the currently the authenticator PAE reauthenabled (Optional) the of reauthentication the Reauthentication reauthperiod (Optional) the seconds, the reauthentication the reauthentication servertimeout (Optional) the timeout seconds, currently the authentication (Optional) the authentication timeout seconds, currently the authentication (Optional) the seconds, currently the authenticator PAE (Optional) the of information information to of to Used the CLI If specified, 802.1X displayed. If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to the EAPOL auth-config authcontrolled-portcontrol Auth This shows to the 802.1X auth-config
This shows to 802.1X authentication D2(ro)->show auth-config Auth-Config PAE auth Both Both Auth Authorized Auth timeout: timeout: Reauthentication Reauthentication this to or 802.1X authentication, to reauthenticate or or to or reauth or 802.1X. or 802.1X reauthentication or or init reauth or reauthentication or reinitialization/reauthentication. (Optional) the to or reauthenticate. If specified, the or reauthentication to Switch command, readwrite. 802.1X authentication the EAP passthrough EAP passthrough allows authentication to through the switch to This shows to 802.1X: This shows to init CLI Reference
auth-config auth-config Security this command to 802.1X authentication. auth-config authcontrolled-portcontrol forced-auth forced-unauth reauthenabled servertimeout timeout timeout authcontrolled forcedauth forcedunauth the of authentication allowed the authentication the seconds) following authentication another the authenticator PAE seconds. reauthenabled or reauthentication of the reauthentication reauthperiod the seconds) the reauthentication to reauthenticate seconds. servertimeout timeout timeout seconds) the authentication the authentication seconds. timeout timeout seconds) the authentication the authentication seconds. the seconds) which authenticator PAE EAP seconds. (Optional) the of to specified of to Used the CLI If specified, authentication Switch command, readwrite. the 802.1X to This the forcedauth to ForcedAuthorized forcedunauth to ForcedUnauthorized
clear auth-config This shows to reauthentication auth-config reauthenabled This shows to the 802.1X to seconds auth-config this to 802.1X authentication to or clear auth-config authcontrolled-portcontrol reauthenabled reauthperiod servertimeout authcontrolled (Optional) the 802.1X to (Optional) the to (Optional) the to seconds. reauthenabled (Optional) the reauthentication to reauthperiod (Optional) the reauthentication to seconds. servertimeout (Optional) the timeout to seconds. (Optional) the authentication timeout to seconds. (Optional) the to seconds. (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, authentication If specified, Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the 802.1X to auth-config authcontrolled-portcontrol This shows to reauthentication to auth-config reauthenabled clear auth-config CLI Reference
Security This shows to the 802.1X to seconds auth-config this to EAPOL or or (Optional) EAPOL of to Used the CLI If specified, EAPOL displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to EAPOL EAPOL Authentication State Authentication Table of the the to the and assign authentication to What It Displays... of to Used the CLI
(Continued) What It Displays... Authentication State EAPOL authentication each internal the authenticator (switch) the when: authentication authentication and the or authentication and the this this immediately to the connecting disconnected. disconnected The through this its to connected whenever the reauthentication or intervention. connecting While this the authenticator to the authenticating The this from connecting from the It this the authentication the and the authentication authenticated The this from authenticating the with It this or reauthentication aborting The this from authenticating when that the the this the of seconds to MIB). forceAuth allowing switching this forceUnauth from to or from this Authentication each to the authentication of each Forced Authorized Meant to authentication It that ISLs and that authenticate, such as and If to the the MIB, then to the that otherwise to the that Authentication 802.1X this Forced Unauthorized the Authentication 802.1X this this command to or EAPOL portbased user authentication with the RADIUS and to the authentication or auth-mode forced-auth forced-unauth CLI Reference
clear clear Security or EAPOL. authmode the authentication forcedauth forcedunauth authorization This the and to the authentication of the this to forcedauth Forced authorized which authentication the forcedunauth Forced unauthorized which and the the which to EAPOL of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to EAPOL: This shows to EAPOL with forced authorized auth-mode forced-auth this to clear the EAPOL authentication or to clear or clear auth-mode authmode (Optional) clears the EAPOL authentication the which to clear EAPOL of to Used the CLI If authmode specified, EAPOL cleared. If specified, cleared
MAC Authentication Commands Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the EAPOL authentication auth-mode To review, and MAC authentication. This authentication allows the to authenticate MAC with authentication The authenticator (switch) selects MAC MACauthentication and to authentication. The the MAC required, as authentication If accepted, If the switch the associated You to apply to MAC when authenticating users through RADIUS macauthentication The of authentication of MAC information about... to macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication clear macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication clear macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication reauthentication macauthentication portreauthenticate macauthentication macreauthenticate macauthentication reauthperiod clear macauthentication macauthentication MAC Authentication CLI Reference
macauthentication macauthentication Security information about... to clear macauthentication this to MAC authentication information or macauthentication (Optional) MAC authentication information of to Used the CLI If specified, MAC authentication information displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to MAC authentication information through macauthentication MAC authentication: MAC user NOPASSWORD username Reauth Auth Auth Reauthentications State Allocated Table of the Table macauthentication What It Displays... MAC authentication Whether MAC authentication or the macauthentication as macauthentication MAC associated with MAC authentication the using the macauthentication as macauthentication
macauthentication Table macauthentication (Continued) What It username of the MAC to with the of the of the MAC The of the MAC as user-name when the to authenticate the MAC other to authenticate the authentication timeout) the to once with MAC authentication. of with the macauthentication command. of to Used the CLI State Whether or MAC authentication or this Reauth Reauthentication this of the macauthentication command Auth Allowed of authentications this and Auth Allocated of MAC authentications this and Reauthentications Whether or reauthentication or this using the macauthentication reauthentication command this to the active MAC authenticated macauthentication If specified, MAC information displayed MAC authentication Switch command, readonly. the Reauth with the macauthentication New the macauthentication CLI Reference
macauthentication macauthentication Security This shows to MAC information: macauthentication MAC Duration Reauth Reauthentications of the macauthentication What It Displays... of to Used the CLI MAC MAC associated with the Duration this active. Reauth Reauthentication this the macauthentication reauthperiod macauthentication reauthperiod Reauthentications Whether or reauthentication or this using the macauthentication reauthentication macauthentication reauthentication this to or MAC authentication. macauthentication or MAC authentication. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to MAC authentication: macauthentication
macauthentication clear macauthentication macauthentication this command to MAC authentication macauthentication text MAC authentication Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the MAC authentication to macauth: macauthentication macauth this to clear the MAC authentication clear macauthentication Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the MAC authentication macauthentication this to or or MAC authentication. macauthentication macauthentication CLI Reference
macauthentication macauthentication Security or MAC authentication. which to or MAC authentication. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. MAC authentication MAC authentication the switch as macauthentication and then portby MAC authentication and This shows to MAC authentication though macauthentication this to force or MAC authentication to and currently active those macauthentication the MAC authentication to of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to force through to macauthentication
macauthentication clear macauthentication This the of seconds following authentication another the macauthentication seconds to authentication. this seconds. the which the to applied. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This to seconds authentication macauthentication This the back to the of seconds. clear macauthentication (Optional) the which the to of to Used the CLI If specified then to the Switch command, readwrite. This the macauthentication macauthentication CLI Reference
macauthentication macauthentication macauthentication reauthentication Security this to force MAC authentication to and the macauthentication the MAC of the to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to force the MAC authentication to macauthentication this to or reauthentication of currently authenticated MAC or macauthentication reauthentication or MAC reauthentication. which to or MAC reauthentication. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to MAC reauthentication though macauthentication reauthentication
macauthentication portreauthenticate macauthentication macreauthenticate this to force reauthentication of the currently active or MAC authentication macauthentication portreauthenticate MAC authentication to reauthenticated. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to force though to reauthenticate: macauthentication portreauthentication this to force reauthentication of MAC macauthentication macreauthenticate the MAC of the to reauthenticate. Switch command, readwrite. This to force the MAC authentication to reauthenticate: macauthentication macreauthenticate macauthentication portreauthenticate CLI Reference
macauthentication reauthperiod macauthentication reauthperiod clear macauthentication reauthperiod Security this to the MAC reauthentication seconds). This the to reauthenticate MAC authenticated to macauthentication reauthperiod the of seconds reauthentication the which to the MAC reauthentication of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. the Reauth with the macauthentication command New the This shows to the MAC reauthentication to hours) through macauthentication reauthperiod this to clear the MAC reauthentication or clear macauthentication reauthperiod (Optional) Clears the MAC reauthentication of to Used the CLI If specified, the reauthentication cleared Switch command, readwrite.
macauthentication clear macauthentication This shows to clear the MAC reauthentication macauthentication reauthperiod this command to the of of the MAC to authentication. macauthentication the of to authentication. Switch command, readwrite. This allows to to apply to MAC when authenticating users through RADIUS The of authentication of MAC On switches MAC authentication, the MAC of attempting to to the RADIUS as the If and (other than with this command, the switch apply the and the to the RADIUS with MAC of 0016CF12 access, and the switch apply the and MAC of 0016CF120000 to the RADIUS To authentication of specify to everything the of the MAC This the MAC authentication to macauthentication this to the of of the MAC to authentication to the of clear macauthentication macauthentication CLI Reference
Authentication Authentication About Authentication Commands Security Switch command, readwrite. This the MAC authentication to macauthentication D2 to authenticated users authentication allow to authenticate using than the authentication to function the each of authentication (MAC authentication, 802.1X, PWA) and the with its this chapter. authentication the the command. information about... to clear clear clear idle-timeout
information about... to idle-timeout clear idle-timeout clear this to authentication Switch command, readonly. This shows to authentication D2(rw)->show authentication of of this to the authentication to allow authenticators and MAC Authentication) or to strictly to authentication. CLI Reference
clear clear Security Allows the to authenticators PWA, and MAC Authentication) This the authenticate authentication (anything other than authentication traffic) Switch command, readwrite. Multiauth that MAC, PWA, and 802.1X authentication and the to their command this chapter. to Configuring 802.1X Authentication and MAC Authentication and Authentication (PWA) This shows to authentications: this command to clear the authentication clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the authentication D2(rw)->clear
clear this to the authentication 802.1X authentication. MAC authentication. authentication Switch command, readwrite. authenticated than the the of the authentication which ID and This shows to MAC authentication: this command to clear the authentication clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the authentication D2(rw)->clear CLI Reference
Security this to authentication or (Optional) authentication information If specified, authentication information Switch command, readonly. This shows to authentication information D2(rw)->show users auth-opt auth-opt auth-opt auth-opt this to authentication or auth-opt auth-reqd force-auth authopt authreqd forceauth forceunauth the authentication authopt Authentication optional (nonstrict If to authenticate using or authentication the allow to to the VLAN. authreqd Authentication required. forceauth Authentication considered. Authentication the of allowed authentication to
clear the which to authentication Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the authentication to auth-reqd This shows to the of users allowed to authenticate to this to clear authentication or clear Clears the authentication Clears the the of authentication the specified the or which to clear authentication Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the authentication D2(rw)->clear This shows to clear the of users D2(rw)->clear CLI Reference clear
Security this to authentication (Optional) authentication MAC (Optional) authentication Switch command, readonly. If options specified, authentication MAC and This shows to authentication this MAC shown: D2(rw)->show type this to authentication (Optional) information about including those with terminated (Optional) 802.1X, or MAC, or authentication information. (Optional) authentication MAC (Optional) authentication the specified or
idle-timeout If options specified, authentication authentication types, MAC and Switch command, readonly. This shows to authentication information Station 00-01-03-86-0A-87 Auth FRI MAY type type timeout timeout Termination Terminated this to the timeout seconds, authentication idle-timeout Switch command, readonly. This shows to timeout authentication types. idle-timeout Authentication type Timeout idle-timeout CLI Reference
idle-timeout idle-timeout clear multiauth idle-timeout Security this to the of seconds authenticated termination of the idle-timeout timeout (Optional) the IEEE 802.1X portbased authentication which to the timeout (Optional) the MAC authentication which to the timeout (Optional) the Authentication which to the timeout timeout the timeout seconds. The from to of that timeout timeout the authenticating If authentication specified, the timeout authentication Switch readwrite. If timeout MAC whose MAC of the forwarding unauthenticated from that the specified timeout of that timeout timeout the authenticating authenticated RADIUS that IdleTimeout Attribute its authentication This the timeout authentication to seconds. idle-timeout this command to the of seconds authenticated termination of the to its of clear idle-timeout
(Optional) the IEEE 802.1X portbased authentication which to the timeout to its (Optional) the MAC authentication which to the timeout to its (Optional) the Authentication which to the timeout to its If authentication specified, the timeout to its of authentication Switch readwrite. This the timeout authentication to seconds. idle-timeout this to the timeout seconds, authentication Switch readonly. This displays the timeout authentication Authentication type Timeout CLI Reference
clear Security this to the of seconds authenticated termination of the timeout (Optional) the IEEE 802.1X portbased authentication which to the timeout (Optional) the MAC authentication which to the timeout (Optional) the Authentication which to the timeout timeout the timeout seconds. The from to of that timeout timeout the authenticating If authentication specified, the timeout authentication Switch readwrite. of superseded timeout the authenticating authenticated RADIUS that SessionTimeout Attribute its authentication This the timeout the IEEE 802.1X authentication to seconds. this to the of seconds authenticated termination of the to its of clear
VLAN Authorization (RFC (Optional) the IEEE 802.1X portbased authentication which to the timeout to its (Optional) the MAC authentication which to the timeout to its (Optional) the Authentication which to the timeout to its If authentication specified, the timeout to its of authentication Switch readwrite. This the timeout the IEEE 802.1X authentication to seconds. RFC to 802.1X authenticated or MAC authenticated to VLAN of the PVID. Please section of RFC RADIUS to the attributes. stated RFC to allow to LAN (VLAN), [IEEE8021Q], based the of the authentication. The RADIUS typically the VLAN including within its AccessAccept the IEEE 802.1X or MAC authenticator to the VLAN to assigned to the including within The following VLAN authorization assignment, VLAN TunnelPrivateGroupID VLANID to authenticate RFC users, to as this section. The D2 and RFC the If to and the G3 then switched from to (RFC-3580 the of users to to VLAN Authorization (RFC CLI Reference
Commands Security information about... to vlanauthorization vlanauthorization clear vlanauthorization vlanauthorization the VLAN authorization (as this section) and the the to the of RFC users allowed Switch command, readonly. This shows to the D2(rw)->show the from the of to to allow to VLAN authorized users to
vlanauthorization the to This the which allows authentication of to users the to which allows authentication of to This to VLAN authorization users to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the to or the of the RADIUS VLAN to VLAN based the of authentication. vlanauthorization or attributes. (Optional) which to or the of VLAN attributes/authorization. of to Used the CLI VLAN authentication Switch command, readwrite. This shows to VLAN authentication Ethernet vlanauthorization This shows to VLAN authentication Ethernet switch vlanauthorization vlanauthorization CLI Reference
vlanauthorization vlanauthorization clear vlanauthorization Security the of the VLAN of authenticated the the RADIUS authorization vlanauthorization that that the authenticating to the the VLANID that the authenticating to the the VLANID that the or of to which this apply. of to Used the CLI to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the insertion of the RADIUS assigned VLAN to outbound through vlanauthorization this to to the of VLAN authorization clear vlanauthorization (Optional) which to to If the action of to Used the CLI If to with VLAN authorization and
vlanauthorization Switch command, readwrite. This to clear VLAN authorization and D2(rw)->clear vlanauthorization the VLAN authentication and information the specified vlanauthorization (Optional) VLAN authentication the specified If then the of the displayed. of to Used the CLI If the displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to VLAN authorization vlanauthorization Authorization: authenticated of and assigning and attributes, to vlanauthorization and vlanauthorization vlanauthorization What It Displays... as assigned vlanauthorization as assigned the vlanauthorization of vlanauthorization vlanauthorization CLI Reference
MAC MAC Commands Security vlanauthorization (Continued) What It Displays... authenticated If authentication succeeded, displays the MAC assigned If authentication succeeded, displays the assigned VLAN ingress. This MAC to or of through the MAC received specified the switch containing the The locked those with the locked MAC that There of locking MAC to first and The first to locking the first of which arrive with MAC locking The with the command. The to statically the maclock command. The of MAC allowed MAC locking with the command. You the switch to arrives with MAC from of the currently MAC that as of: MAC locking MAC aged of the forwarding when properly MAC locking security as MAC MAC to something Detection, MAC locking would to the the would to their MAC and to another the the To and MAC information about... to stations maclock clear
information about... to clear maclock clear maclock agefirstarrival clear this to the of MAC locking or (Optional) MAC locking of to Used the CLI If specified, MAC locking displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to MAC locking information MAC locking Trap Static Allocated Allocated MAC of the Table What It Displays... of to Used the CLI CLI Reference
maclock stations stations Security Table (Continued) What It Displays... Whether MAC locking or the MAC locking MAC locking the switch and or to maclock and Trap Whether MAC or the this to Whether of MAC or the to agefirstarrival Static Allocated The MAC allowed to the this to The MAC allowed to the Allocated this to MAC MAC the and first the this command to MAC locking information about stations connected to the switch. stations (Optional) MAC locking information about stations first connected to MAC (Optional) MAC locking information about stations connected to MAC (Optional) information specified of to Used the CLI If specified, MAC locking information displayed stations. Switch command, readonly.
This shows to MAC locking information the stations connected to Ethernet maclock stations MAC State active first active Table of the Table stations What It Displays... of to Used the CLI MAC MAC of the station(s) locked to the Whether the stations active or inactive State Whether the to the first or that of the forwarding the associated this to MAC locking or or MAC locking to and to function. (Optional) MAC locking of to Used the CLI If specified, MAC locking Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference maclock
Security and MAC locking which MAC as as MAC to MAC locking or MAC locking the and then the This shows to MAC locking this to MAC locking or or (Optional) MAC locking of to Used the CLI If specified, MAC locking the or Switch command, readwrite. This shows to MAC locking this to MAC and to or MAC locking the specified MAC and the MAC which MAC locking created, or
clear the which to or MAC locking the specified MAC. of to Used the CLI Establishes MAC locking the specified MAC and MAC locking the specified MAC and or MAC locking the specified MAC and Switch command, readwrite. MAC locking the switch first the command as Static MAC locking supported. Statically MAC the (as as type other and them This shows to MAC locking MAC and this to MAC to locking entry. clear the MAC that from the of allowed to the the which to clear the MAC of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference clear maclock
clear Security The MAC that cleared to the the first to than and this MAC from the MAC and the first to then user to the If MAC from the MAC and the first to become the and allowed to the This shows to MAC from the of allowed to D2(rw)->clear this to the of MAC allowed Static maclock the which to the of allowed. of to Used the CLI the of MAC allowed to Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of allowable to this to the of MAC to the of clear
the which to of MAC allowed. of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the of allowable D2(rw)->clear this to MAC locking to of first connected to that the which to MAC of to Used the CLI the of first MAC to allowed to the to Switch command, readwrite. The first count when the This roaming usersthe first count every to another and MAC first to the first MAC learned the from traffic. CLI Reference
clear maclock clear Security This shows to MAC locking to MAC this to the of first MAC allowed to the of clear the which to the first of to Used the CLI Switch command, readwrite. This shows to MAC first maclock this to or the of first MAC first MAC that of the forwarding from the associated MAC the which to or first of to Used the CLI or first first
clear Switch readwrite. This first agefirstarrival this command to first or to its of clear agefirstarrival the which to first of to Used the CLI Switch readwrite. This first clear agefirstarrival this command to first to the which MAC from first to of to Used the CLI clear agefirstarrival CLI Reference
Security Switch command, readwrite. If there first than the allowed then the first to the of to with the command, and then the command, though there the first only the MAC would to This shows to first to this to or MAC the which MAC or of to Used the CLI or MAC Switch command, readwrite. this authorizes the switch to SNMP connected that the the and maclock commands. MAC from the This shows to MAC
Authentication (PWA) About PWA Commands PWA of authenticating allowing to the To using PWA, the through the PWA or redirected to this URL the authenticated of the or username and the switch then authenticates the RADIUS If the then the to the the switch. PWA PWA One authenticated PWA authentication RFC-3580 VLAN authorization. To and Authentication (PWA). information about... to clear clear Authentication (PWA) CLI Reference
Security this command to authentication information or (Optional) PWA information If specified, PWA information displayed Switch command, readonly. This shows to PWA information PWA PWA IP PWA PAP PWA N/A PWA PWA PWA PWA Redirect N/A AuthStatus Table of the command Table What It Displays... PWA Whether or authentication or of using the command as PWA IP IP of the from which PWA network the authenticated. using the command as PWA Whether PWA CHAP or PAP. of PAP the as PWA Whether PWA or of the command as
Table (Continued) What It Displays... PWA Whether the or of (displayed) using the as PWA Whether PWA or with RADIUS or authentication. of using the as PWA user PWA of the as PWA of the as PWA Redirect seconds the user redirected to the PWA PWA Whether PWA or his Auth Whether or the disconnected, authenticating, authenticated, or (authentication Amount of the user to to the of the as of allowed transitioning the to of the as this to or authentication. or authentication. Switch command, readwrite. CLI Reference
Security This shows to authentication: this to the authentication Switch command, readonly. This shows to the PWA to this to to as the PWA the PWA Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the PWA to to to Networks
clear this to the PWA to clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the PWA to this to the options the Networks or the when the PWA displays. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the CLI Reference clear
Security this to the PWA IP This the IP of the from which PWA the user authenticated. IP This authenticating switch the Switch command, readwrite. This shows to PWA IP of this to the authentication the PWA CHAP (PPP the username and the and the switch PAP Authentication the the switch Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the PWA to CHAP:
clear this to user PWA PWA this to to without established and Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the PWA to this to clear the PWA clear Switch command, readwrite. This shows to clear the PWA user CLI Reference
Security this to the PWA Switch command, readwrite. PWA this and the user to to without established and This shows to the PWA user Retype this to or authentication. authnone authradius authnone with authentication authradius with RADIUS authentication. authentication from RADIUS, PWA apply the from RADIUS to the PWA Switch command, readwrite.
PWA and user to with to users without established and This shows to PWA with RADIUS authentication: guestnetworking this command to PWA to its unauthenticated (Optional) of to Used the CLI If specified, initialized. Switch command, readwrite. This shows to this to the amount of the to to the seconds. (Optional) the of to Used the CLI CLI Reference
Security If specified, Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the PWA to seconds this to the of allowed transitioning the PWA to the of (Optional) the of to Used the CLI If specified, Switch command, readwrite. This shows to the PWA to This or PWA authentication or PWA specified
(Optional) the of to Used the CLI If specified, PWA Switch command, readwrite. This shows to PWA this to information about PWA (Optional) PWA information of to Used the CLI If specified, information displayed. Switch command, readonly. This shows to PWA information: MAC IP Duration active active active CLI Reference
Shell (SSH) Commands ssh Security This PWA URL redirection. The switch intercepts HTTP from the and the refresh the PWA IP or PWA Switch command, readwrite. This shows to PWA To and the Shell (SSH) which information about... to ssh ssh this command to the of SSH the switch.
Switch command, readonly. This shows to SSH the switch: SSH this command to or SSH the switch. the SSH ssh or SSH, or the SSH the SSH Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SSH: this to or SSH authentication (Optional) the authentication CLI Reference
Security If specified, the supply SSH authentication Switch command, readwrite. This shows to SSH
802.1D 802.1Q Advertised Authentication EAPOL MAC RADIUS SSH Rate Broadcast C CDP Discovery Discovery Class of Service to Clearing NVRAM CLI closing Command History Command Interface. CLI clearing switch copying Contexts (SNMP) Copying or Tree CLI factory DHCP Differentiated Services to assigning to service creating and matching information information or to Differentiated Services assignment EAP pass-through EAPOL Flow VLAN GVRP and of VLAN ICMP IGMP and copying downloading IP switch activating field Editing Commands accounts MAC MAC Authentication MAC VLAN Tree (MSTP) VLAN the Network and switch and NVRAM clearing history the assigning classifying to VLAN or Class of Service assignment of Mirroring Priority
the CLI authentication Port(s) assignment and counters, statistics flow about MAC priority, speed, Ethernet Priority to Prompt PWA RADIUS RADIUS RADIUS Tree (RSTP) Related RFC Scrolling Shell (SSH) Security of downloading SNMP rights router the switch MIB security and statistics users, and SNTP Tree features Tree (RSTP) SSL Information basic Technical disconnecting switch TFTP downloading Timeout CLI, RADIUS Trap SNMP RFC RADIUS Accounts Information assigning assigning VLAN IDs authentication classifying to creating GVRP host, RADIUS creating SSL