ATX
Notice the right to specications and other information contained this without The should to whether such The or software this to without IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERASYS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS MANUAL OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, EVEN IF ENTERASYS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNOWN, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. tested its software with strongly to write and then that the Licensed Software, to with which or to the that the Licensed Software Copyright Enterasys, Inc. rights Printed the United States of America. Enterasys, Inc. P.O. NH NetSight and E7 of Enterasys. SPECTRUM BRIM DNI FNB INA Integrated Network Architecture LANVIEW LANVIEW Access and TRMM and Bridge/Router Interface BRIM-A100 CRBRIM-W/E CRXMIM CXRMIM Network Interface Distributed LAN Distributed Network DLM DNSMIM E1000 E2000 E3000 EFDMIM EMM-E6 EMME EPIM EPIM-3PS EPIM-A EPIM-C EPIM-F1 EPIM-F2 EPIM-F3 EPIM-T EPIM-T1 EPIM-X ESXMIM ETSMIM ETWMIM FDCMIM-04 FDCMIM-08 FDMMIM FDMMIM-04 Network FOMIM FORMIM IRBM IRM IRM-2 IRM-3 Interface MIM MMAC MMAC-3 MMAC-3FNB MMAC-5 MMAC-5FNB MMAC-8 MMAC-8FNB MMAC-M8FNB MRX MRXI MRXI-24 NB20E NB25E NB30 NB35 NBR-220/420/620 RMIM Switch Switching SFS SFPS SPECTRUM SPECTRUM SPIM-A SPIM-C SPIM-F1 SPIM-F2 SPIM-T SPIM-T1 TPMIM TPMIM-22 TPMIM-T1 TPRMIM TPRMIM-36 TPT-T TRBMIM TRMM-2 TRMMIM and TRXI of Inc.
Macintosh, and and Apple Remote Access and EtherTalk of Apple Computer, Inc. of American Conversion ST and C++ of AT&T and VINES of Inc. ciscoSystems, and AGS+ and Router, CRM, IGS, and MGS of Inc. and GatorPrint, GatorShare, GX-M, and of Inc. CompuServe of CompuServe Incorporated of Inc. CTERM, and ULTRIX and DEC, DEC C++, DECstation, VAX DOCUMENT, VMA, and VT of Corporation and ASX-100 of Inc. PC/TCP of FTP Software, Inc. HP of Inc. AIX, IBM, OS/2, and PS/2 and AT, PC, PC-DOS, PC/XT, AT, RISC and Workplace Shell of International Corporation and and of Corporation Microsoft, MS-DOS, and of Microsoft Corporation Chameleon, ChameleonNFS, Chameleon and NEWT of NETMANAGE, Inc. NetWare and and Internetwork (IPX), IPX, and Network (NFS) of Inc. and MS and Software Foundation, OSF, OSF/1, and OSF/Motif of The Software Foundation, Inc. Graphics and IRIS and and IRIX of Graphics, Inc. NFS, PC-NFS, SPARC, Microsystems, and Workstation and SPARCstation, SPARCstation IPC, SPARCstation IPX, and of Microsystems, Inc. OPEN LOOK and UNIX of Unix Inc. NS, Network and XNS of Corporation
ANNEX, ANNEX-II, ANNEX-3, ANNEX-802.5, MICRO-ANNEX-XL, and MICRO- ANNEX-ELS of Inc. and of Inc. Restricted Rights Notice (Applicable to to the United States Government only.) or the Government to as forth of the Rights Technical and Software DFARS Enterasys, Inc., New Hampshire This software with restricted rights. It used, reproduced, or the Government as of this Notice or as otherwise stated the This software Notwithstanding the this software published copyrighted software, to the Government, without prohibitions, with the rights forth of this other rights or the or of this software to stated or incorporated the This Notice of this software, whole or Used or or with the or which including Government to which such or Used or which (archives) or or with other software, that the combined, or of the software incorporating restricted software to the restricted rights; Disclosed to and service with through of this the Government such or reproduction to these restricted rights; and Used or or to
Introduction to this related software ATX Switch information to the NetSight the ATX this to as reference NetSight the ATX Switch. The ATX Switch chassis with high-capacity Processing (PPE), which top The ATX Switch LAN switch that high-bandwidth switching FDDI and 100Base-T with connectivity to ATM. The PPE RISC combined with switching to performance, the to the through switching, and the to switching functions routing, and statistics gathering). to the ATX Switch chassis, including FDDI, and ATM The each with least RISC CPU of its own, interface and translation the The ATX, with its combined with each LAN offers Chapter
Introduction the ATX Switch Related the ATX Switch Each chapter this functionality or of functionalities of the ATX Switch. This information about software functions which directly from the information about functions which the NetSight platform, the and both of which included this Chapter Introduction of related software and shows to the Chapter The ATX Switch Chassis the of the ATX Switch and to the within the Chassis the of and ATX the and to and each interface ATX. Chapter ATX to the to and or based the Chapter Workgroup to ATX. Chapter ATX Mirroring instructions ATX; as or another ATX Chapter IPX Routing the IPX which statistics about IPX Routing ATX. Chapter ATX Bridging options associated with the of the ATX, including Tree, and the that knowledge of Ethernet IEEE and FDDI type and their physical and that with and switching The ATX Switch of to information about the to through NetSight Other which include information related to the ATX Switch
Software Common ATX Switch Software NetSight NetSight Network Troubleshooting Microsoft Corporations Microsoft information about the of the ATX Switch, the NetSight user interface of which to and which the of which they appear of of the appears below; that the information repeated the of and/or information boxes the top of NetSightNetSight as illustrated below. IP Location Introduction MAC
Introduction Software Showing the of the The the the SNMP IP the ATX Switchs IP this the IP to the ATX Switch IP assigned the ATX Switch; they NetSight the location of the The location through the the SNMP MAC the MAC of the through which NetSight with the ATX Switch. This factory-set and Informational the boards and/or displayed the of the the amount of that the ATX Switch the The that appears the of allows to and terminate You to this to and them clicking or or appears that allows to and SET to those to this to each other once and the with the The text with information to the information concerning buttons,
from the Technical Assistance The buttons, the or commands that topic. topic (three Statistics... or associated with that topic. This section of or while NetSight You the ATX Chassis buttons to information to the appear which on-screen that the of the and their associated and that implemented the associated From the from the to the as as the Chassis reference. to Chapter information the and Chassis of the NetSight the Microsoft facility; with this of to from the or Microsoft NOTE If technical related to NetSight please the of the following hours hours Technical NH Introduction
Introduction FTP: ftp.ctron.com anonymous BBS: 8N1: and NetSight to NetSight Technical Communications the following To information, to the the following the highest tested with NetSight to the from the NetSight group. If earlier of and the Technical Assistance NOTE
The ATX Switch Chassis Information displayed the Chassis the Chassis functions The ATX Switch Chassis the that immediately informs of the of boards the ATX Switch chassis graphical The Chassis displays the Processing (PPE) and the ATX Switch chassis. The Chassis as of to other ATX Switch and which the following chapter. the ATX Switch Chassis the the Processing (PPE) of the ATX Switch, which the top the ATX Switch chassis; although the options the that the PPE, the options from this apply to ATX Switch as whole; the of the PPE NOTE To the ATX Switch Chassis of the following or tree the ATX Switch to or or tree the once to the ATX Switch to ATX Chapter
The ATX Switch Chassis Chassis Information PPE the Processing Chassis Information Select from the or the or or tree the right once to the ATX Switch to On the to The ATX Switch Chassis graphic of the ATX Switch, including which immediately informs of the of the and the ATX Switch chassis. ATX Switch Chassis clicking of the chassis graphical (as this chapter), or the the top of the Chassis of the that to and
Information Chassis Information the the hand to that clicking the location option. TIP The below the the following information: IP The assigned to the ATX appears the title of the Chassis this the IP to the ATX IP assigned This the of NetSight and the ATX. the ATX Switch to that the ATX Switch temporary stand-by while to physical the or or boards recongured); that and inactive this stand-by established with the ATX Switch. the ATX Switch to off or the other reason). The amount of that the ATX the If this the currently If or the this MAC the physical-layer associated with the IP to the MAC factory-set and The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis Chassis Information Prom The of BOOT PROM the ATX. The of the FLASH The ATX Switch or therefore, these N/A. NOTE clicking of the ATX Switch Chassis with and options, as as which apply to the ATX Switch. The following the and to the to the ATX Switch Chassis PPE
Chassis Information The From the the Chassis the following which containing of the Group... which allows to the ATX Switch SNMP MIB_II. to the SNMP further information. I/F Summary which statistics (displayed both graphically and numerically) the each interface ATX. Bridge which that of information each and allows to other to the Bridging Chapter the information. Source Address... which that allows to search the of the ATX Switch to which interface MAC through. If the MAC as through the switch, the to the interface of This the Source which the ATX Switch Chassis The The allows to the information that the text the Chassis allows to of three type Bridge, or the of network each interface as of the theoretical or allows to the of each interface as of the of the interface. I/F the interface associated with each ATX switch. I/F the or Ethernet and Ethernet or of the network attached to each The of the I/F the type of each the ATX Chassis, Eth (ethernet-csmacd), TR or FDDI. The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis Chassis Information information the options this Selecting The The to the which to the MIB information, and to the RMON that and These selections from the the top of NetSight to thorough of the MibTree and RMON The The three selections: Supported which the Chassis The Chassis section of this chapter. Chassis which with information specically related to the Chassis and Chassis About Chassis which with the of the Chassis The PPE The Processing (PPE) the following selections its which containing of the ATX Switch; this chapter. which containing the and allows to and each interface ATX; Chapter information. which the from which and or based the Chapter information. Workgroups... which the Workgroups where ATX; Chapter information. Mirroring... which the Mirroring from which ATX; as or another ATX information, Chapter IPX Routing which displays the IPX Routing which statistics about IPX Routing ATX; Chapter information.
Chassis Information The There selection: which containing of the ATX Switch; The PPE The the Processing (PPE) the following selections its which the selected Interface The The selections as follows: which the selected Interface I/F Stats... which graphically displays the Chapter which administratively the selected or off; Administratively and information. IPX Routing which allows to or IPX Routing of the interfaces the ATX; IPX Routing information. IP Cong/Routing which allows to ATX Chassis IP routing; IP Routing information. which allows to each protection, only), and switching and only); Bridge which allows to Bridge the Chassis each the ATX Switch its below); to this of the options the as the following The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis Selecting Chassis Information To the of Click the the top of the Chassis appear. (and to the right, necessary) to the information to The text the information. options You three as follows: Bridge FWD, DIS, LRN, LIS, BLK, BRK, or UNK ON or OFF ON or OFF If selected the Bridge considered: FWD the and forwarding the ATX Switch from to another. DIS (Disabled) the or this including information the LRN (Learning) the created, or the Tree of topology The and learning LIS the information to the It Bridge Unit (BPDU) while to to the forwarding BLK the from the ATX Switch from to another. Bridge information the BRK the physical interface malfunctioned. UNK (Unknown) the interfaces If selected the considered: ON the and OFF or through action. If selected the considered:
Chassis Information ON the currently forwarding OFF the currently forwarding If choose the interface text the of network each the This reects the connected to the to the theoretical or of Ethernet If choose the the interface the of the of each the that This reects the of the connected to that to the of the NetSight the the Tools>Option from the NOTE to the NetSight information I/F If choose the I/F the interface boxes the interface (IfIndex) associated with each the ATX Chassis. I/F If choose the I/F the the or of the connected to each The of the I/F If choose the I/F the interface the interface type of each the ATX Chassis Eth, PPP, FDDI, or TR). The options Bridge, and incorporate the and options, ON, OFF, and N/A the Bridge option, forwarding, learning and and unknown. other selections Load, I/F I/F and I/F to the recently selected which incorporates its The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis The Chassis MIB theres one-to-one and MIB The which the ATX Switchs functionality both and IETF Chassis Information and ATX Switch their functionality from of and IETF RFCs. and the ATX Switch their MIB of MIB grouping of MIB and each of ATX Switch information its that there one-to-one and MIB MIB might from and RFCs. The Chassis read-only that displays the and the MIB and, therefore, the functionality the currently ATX Switch To the Chassis Click the right of the the top of the chassis to Supported and release. Chassis to the graphical displays options information about the physical characteristics of the boards and the ATX Switch Chassis, as as information about the ATX Switch
Interface Chassis Information Choosing the option the that this ATX Switch. From the the Chassis of the type. To the type: Click the The appear. to text appear, the Text You of the interface type each the ATX Switch. To of interface: Click the appear. to Interface text to the shown appear with of the interface. The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis the IPX Routing the Interface Text to the performance and information the the Chassis with the to ATX Chassis and operating properly. include IPX and IP Routing locating and and IPX (Internetwork the that information to and those to routed from to another, and from to another. You ATX Chassis IPX routing. To the IPX Routing Click the appear. to IPX Routing and release. The IPX Routing displayed.
Conguring IPX Routing Selecting the the IPX Routing Click the IPX selection to IPX routing the the of the connected to this the IPX Network The LAN Each with IPX routing Select type the choosing type from the IPX pull-down The options or the section following, Selecting the information selecting type. Click to the the IPX type of instead of the Ethernet (IEEE type of The type of where information within IPX IPX ATX Chassis know what each connected that know where to information the IPX and where to information the Once the IPX the IPX Routing the IPX that the each connected You specify the type The following the ATX: the Ethernet This type of the third of the the IPX header and the The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis IP Routing the the as they the third (the to the type of that within the Ethernet the non-Ethernet the as they (LLC) information within them immediately following the SNAP the SNAP within or This type higher information. This the as to The SNAP information which information and ethertype IP the TCP/IP that information to and those to to routed TCP/IP You ATX Chassis IP routing. To the IP Routing Click the appear. to IP Cong/Routing and release. The IP Cong/Routing displayed. IP Cong/Routing
Conguring the IP Table IP Routing the The IP Info section of this displays the IP and the each of the interfaces that IP Routing. You the IP and IP the interface from this The IP located this displays the Interface IP and IP each entry. If there the IP Table than the appear that to the the the interface (IfIndex) associated with the entry. IP The interfaces with interfaces, such as or router, IP assigned to IP the of interfaces IP that and the that host. To to the IP the IP and IP associated with the to the below the IP Click the The to the IP To from the IP Highlight the IP to from the IP Click the The from the IP Click the IP selection to IP Routing the of the to with IP Routing this selecting them from the IP section this The that using IP Routing RIP when that the Routing Information to this RIP the routing RIP routing to the Proxy when that the to ARP which the the routed path. The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis the when that this relay BOOTP and UDP IP when that the Routing to this Routing to to Click to the The allows to each protection, only), and switching and ethernet only). You these through this To the Click the appear. to and release. The displayed. Broadcast Protection You the of that allowed through the Once this threshold reached received the
Bridge the To protection: the Thresh the of that through the each The of that received the the Thresh hours, seconds which the of transmitted the threshold to reached.The seconds. If the the from this or connected to the network the You the this clicking the selection button, or If the the options Switching If the or switching that the the board higher throughput and latency than otherwise statistics this This to and both the and The options this On or Click the Switching selection to On or the If the and/or switching, the switching options the this to the the The Bridge allows to You the that this and whether or the If the or routing the the of the To Bridge Conguration: Click the appear. to Bridge Conguration and release. The Bridge displayed. The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis the Bridge the Bridge the ATX chassis the ATX to three of Source Routing, and Source Route the to the and to Source Route the to Source Route the to routing therefore, this option only SRT (Source Route the to Source Route the both and and to The received which information as while received that transmitted as To the Click the Bridge selection appear. Select the from the This the Click to this the
Source Route Tree the You whether or this (Bridge Units). the Tree process. Bridges Tree information With collectively the topology and with each other to that the topology information Click the selection to the If the option selected, and source-routing tree transmitted as If the option selected, BPDU transmitted. the of with tree DEC LanBridge NOTE If the Source Route or Source Route of the from the Bridge Conguration The the of the that the to. from within the ATX Chassis should each assigned this Bridge The Bridge this The Bridge should the of and The Tree when STE known as You the Tree to of the three The STE when the otherwise, it the This that The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis Translation the The and STE of its The or STE STE the Tree To choose as the Tree this the selection To choose as the Tree this both the selection and the selection To choose as the Tree this both the selection and the selection The Translation allow to bridging-translation and other The Translation only. To the TR Translation From the Bridge Conguration the Translation to the TR Translation TR Translation the Tree and this
the You the translation the following from this IPX selecting the option IPX Translation whether, when IPX they to translated to initially this option, the IPX selection empty. This allows to choose the type of to IPX You choose from of the following selections: that the header to without header. that should used. than LLC header to with the IPX Source Route This selection specify what when IPX that routing The routing information or Choose of the following options this The IPX as with the proceeding as expected. The routing information This allows routing IPX to transparently. passBoth Both the source-routed and the This the connectivity, translation and the IPX as This the as the translation to RIF. the this option. ARP Translate You ARP Translation the choosing of the options from the ARP pull-down These options the ARP translated. There options ARP Translation. that the ARP translated. to that type (IEEE to type FDDI) and that type ARP to type with bitswapped. The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis the ARP Source Route This selection specify what when ARP that routing The routing information or Choose of the following options this The ARP as with the proceeding as expected. The routing information This allows routing IP to transparently. passBoth Both the source-routed and the This the connectivity, translation and the ARP as This the as the translation to RIF. the this option. Source Route This selection specify what when that routing The routing information or Choose of the following options this The as with the proceeding as expected. The routing information This allows routing to transparently. passBoth Both the source-routed and the This the connectivity, network translation and the as This the as the translation to RIF. the this option. To the Translation Select the from the pull-down each of the Click to the translation the
the Source I/F Summary Information the You the Source option to which switching interface MAC through. the Source option, search of the Bridge to the switch interface associated with the that specify. If the search the Bridge the Chassis information the and to Chapter ATX Switch Bridging the Source as follows: Click to the pull-down to Source Address... The following appears. The Source the text the of the MAC and then OK If the found the Bridge the through which the the front Chassis If the found the appear with Cant Source Address The I/F option from the statistics the each interface The to statistics that and each interface. To the I/F Summary From the Chassis the option from the The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis the to I/F Summary and release. The I/F Summary appear. I/F Summary The I/F Summary of information about each interface as as statistics which each interfaces performance. The following information each interface: The the amount of that the the The assigned to each interface the The type of the interface, distinguished the physical/link immediately below the text of the interface Physical the physical or of the interface: or the or of the interface: or
Interface Performance Statistics/Bar the The (and, where the accompanying to the right of the interface summary of interface performance. You the to and the which those displayed the directly the interface as follows: the right-most the arrow and the which to the selected statistic: Counts or Rate only when the selected Counts or Rate the Graph from the interface NOTE Once selected the the arrow the to specify the to that the options from this the selected. the statistics (and where refresh to the choice, as below. Counts The count of received or the indicated interface counters counts the following Octets Octets the interface, including characters. (both and received the interface and to higher-layer the interface that though them from to higher to the the interface that contained that them from to higher-layer Unknown the interface that because of unknown or Octets Octets the interface, including characters. The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis Interface the transmitted, the of higher the interface to subnetwork (both and Outbound that the interface though that them from transmitted. reason would to the Outbound that transmitted the interface they The of the indicated interface the to the theoretical that interface type. further the following Octets The of this interface, as of the theoretical Octets The of this interface, as of the theoretical this option, Graph to the interface this when the selected Rate The count the selected the The the as those Counts. to the Counts section, of each The Interface Statistics MIB-II interface information including counts both and and and buffering information each charts graphically statistics both and Unicast, Discarded, and To the Interface Statistics the I/F Summary to the interface which to statistics. Click The I/F Statistics appear.
the Interface Three informational appear the of the the interface the currently selected interface: the MAC (physical) of the selected interface. the interface type of the selected ethernet-csmacd, or other. The of the the following and statistics; that the four statistics graphically the charts. Unicast the of transmitted to or from this interface that These statistics the chart, Non-Unicast the of transmitted to or from this interface that that than the The includes count of those that These statistics displayed the chart, The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis the the of which though they contained that typically to free when the network becomes this occurring routinely, usually that overwhelming the To this to or to or switches. the Network Troubleshooting information. These statistics the chart, the of or transmitted that These statistics displayed the chart, red. Unknown only) the of which they created unknown or only) the of the selected interface. only) the of currently from this interface. The amount of memory to and the the the the to Transmitted only) the of transmitted this interface. of Statistics The statistics this of interface using the statistics to of interfaces activity To the of input To the of Transmitted Transmitted To the of inbound and outbound Transmitted
and Administratively and the To the of inbound that To the of outbound that Transmitted the Interface which this the Interface Statistics offer or These options the Interface which the Group... from the to SNMP further information the and Interface NOTE From the the ATX Chassis and the the ATX Switch Bridge Chassis the Bridge the instead the Processing (PPE) of the ATX Switch, which the top the ATX Switch chassis. You therefore to or this NOTE You however, interface text the administratively that from the entirely. The Tree operations. connected to the with each other, they cant with the or with other connected to the the from the through the Learning and to the accordingly. To or Click the The appear. Click to the or to the or as information about and to the of each the Bridging chapter the NOTE The ATX Switch Chassis
The ATX Switch Chassis the
ATX The and of the 802.1D Tree allows to increase when or switches connected. 10BASE-T switches or of the of the the created when or the switch which physically connected to the switch. creating group, each another or of the of effectively acts as The Tree to allow the which group. or the Table to switch, allowing to to four or of the of the interfaces. Although than ATX chassis than chassis), the the of than If and establish ninth the If of the the then that to switch which group. NOTE To the from the ATX Chassis Click the The appear. and release. The appear. Chapter
ATX The The The Table The the the of the which displays the following information about each which the State Indicates the The closed and the to the oneway and the to establish incoming that the the other of the the established and the actively the group. the established and the actively the group; however, the of temporarily to membership. Selection
The the rejected. Indicates that and the of service the clears. time-out another initiated to establish the physically Bridge the MAC of the ID. The Bridge to which to which group. the the ID. NOTE IP the IP the reason when the Reasons the with when activated or when the MIB that tree BPDU received, indicating that the or that the of the connected the of the and the ack-lost (acknowledgment the of the and the the to with other this If another the group, this then included the group. too-many-groups the of reached, and This the clears. acknowledgment) this and the perturbed-threshold and the ATX
ATX and The this connected to another the This the clears. connected the The LAN the the of the within its group. Count the of within the group. the seconds) the The of the Table displays the selection which, when with the and buttons the of the allows to or selected The selection each of the and whether or they each MIB II ifIndex, ifType, ifSpeed. the PPE The and buttons when this selected. NOTE The Table features: Clear when clicked, selections the selection deselected. when clicked, the ATX information, and that occurred the (or the clicked) reected the To ATX the Table the selection the selection buttons the which would to Click The to include the
The 802.1D Tree about seconds to which ATX to become forwarding within become forwarding within the momentarily to the of Ethernet ATX switches there other those The ATX though, that the switches both of the their which the NOTE To ATX using the the selection the selection the which would to Click The to the selections. If than Clear to clear selection the selection other which would to ATX
ATX The
ATX information; statistics The ATX to and or based the You reasons creating to as to or to security. the the or its or the type, or anywhere the The ATX of Entry to to The the You this to incoming from instance. The and and then screened the You this to allow to from to to others, There of Bridge Table created the Bridge and based the information the Source They that recorded as or the Source The Source to of which statically created through using these selectively to or from to its MAC or such as the FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF MAC from (to from the from that
ATX the physical of to whether to screened the These from attached with Bridge highly to allow to attached or from that they from of the ATX, and with XYZ physical The allows to and the To the Click the The appear. and release. The appear. ATX
Table Information Table Information The the top displays the each and the following information about them: assigned to each the This to track of the of the and incremented or as when to or from the (Once the count refresh the to the The which whether Entry or ENTRY that to incoming from to action the EXIT to outgoing from the that to once they should to other the ATX. If ATX Mirroring, with the reduce the amount of mirrored. This when to that the location as the of the of that created. To MENTRY (to incoming as Entry or MEXIT (to outgoing from as from the to gather statistics without actually the YES the NO the the actually screening You to based its type. that include any-ethernet, Phase IV, IP, XNS, Enterasys, or Other (which allows to specify the type). Source Indicates the of based of MAC ATX
ATX Editing the Editing the Destination Indicates the of based of MAC MAC this NOTE Indicates the offset of to based of the The Boolean this OR the this AND this to with the succeeding (of the Entry/Exit type) to this You the following with the this to or existing the (using the the of the this to highlighted the This the to Refresh While creating or this button to clear back to their Apply The Apply information from the this created or from, the and to the The thirds of the and these as the following sections to the ATX.
New Editing the that the performance affected of the ATX to further than would established, the forwarding of as and CAUTION Typically, Bridge Table or of the forwarding of the ATX affected; however, the or of that the affected. this reason, to from the when they If Work ATX, that each Work that establish reduce the of one-to-one NOTE The ATX allows to to connected To to the ATX or previously the type the interface of the to which this apply. Click the to the type: ENTRY (the type) EXIT MENTRY or MEXIT Entry to incoming They to as they received to outgoing from the They to they and Entry to incoming that and They to as they to outgoing from the when the and using They to they and Click the to whether to YES that to which gathers statistics that the actually them. useful to the effects of without actually or ATX
ATX Editing the as or actually reconguring the NO (the that to You Boolean AND/OR to of together the Each that assigned the incrementing the operation that when each that and then or as the and Entry or Boolean to or together they as or to that treated as entity. with Boolean AND the of this as as that the and the Entry or to with to with the of the other or from the Boolean OR the the the If the OR them, and would from through the Click the Boolean AND/OR to whether this combined with other with the Entry or that the the to AND as the Boolean to this and the succeeding (as the the to OR (the to based the within this To of Source as the section, the Source to the Source Indicate whether the to or inclusive Click to (highlight) the Not to of the
Editing the Table Click to (gray-out) the Not to within the This the Click the text and type that to apply to the (The FFs. the that to match the within the the of FF:FF:FF:F0:00:00 that to the to the seventh and about the Click the text and type the that to as the within the XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX where the of XX from 00-FF). Click the text and type the that to as the within the XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX To of Destination as the section, the Destination to the Destination text Indicate whether the to or inclusive Click to (highlight) the Not to of the Click to (gray-out) the to within the This the Click the and type that to apply to the Click the text and type the that to as the within the XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX where the of XX from 00-FF). Click the text and type the that to as the within the XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX ATX
ATX Editing the Table If to or the both the and text boxes. TIP You both the and to based the three of MAC to workstations MAC with the three of to 08:00:20:FF:FF:FF, workstation You as the allows to location to of that as the To the of the examined, where the to examined to and the that to (using to bytes). To the the section, the to the text Indicate whether the offset to or inclusive Click to (highlight) the Dont Match the to match the offset Click to (gray-out) the Dont Match to the to matches the offset This the Click the text and type the offset that the of from the the which to examining the of 1A that to the the Click the to where the offset to Select MAC the offset to to the of the MAC offset of the of the MAC IP the offset to to the of the IP header; offset of the immediately following the of the IP header. Select SR the offset to to the of the MAC header, including the Source Routing (SR) header,
Editing the Table Select FRAME the offset to the of the Ethernet type of whether or the type SNAP encapsulated). IP offset of the of the IP header. If to the and type that to the within the they to the the where to match to the the to To the that the when match, the text and the of the the from the each searching MAC each the as to To type as the Click the selection Indicate whether the type to or Click to (highlight) the Dont Match to that of the selected type. Click to (gray-out) the Dont Match to that of the selected type. This the Click the and to the type: any-ethernet Phase IV IP XNS Enterasys, or Other If of the types, its appear the text If Other the text to the of the type of choice. With the the ATX to when threshold of matching this within Click the text and the of seconds which the threshold to issued. The from hour), where should ATX
ATX Statistics Statistics Click the Threshold: and the of matching this that within the the to If the ATX, the MIB OID to the ATX to the NOTE Once nished specifying the the The and its displayed the To from the Highlight the the Click The selected from the and the accordingly. You the Statistics to performance feedback the This displays the MAC of the that screened this The the of that this caused to This displays the of the
Workgroup Workgroups explained; and from this The of the ATX allows to or from through every This the such as IP or IPX Nearest and Service to only those that the You specifying of the the (IP, IPX, or other type), and IP or IPX the that to Each to than both IP and IPX the to switch. The ATX earlier than NOTE The following of the Tree ATX the ATX the type of the IP, IPX or ALL other type). to the information and Tree.) If the ATX, the other the that Tree forwarding If the of least the ATX whether the to which the the type IP, IPX, or ALL). Chapter
Workgroup If the ATX that the to the type, the through other the that Tree If the ATX that the of the type, the only to the other that of that If the ATX that the of the ATX the (or the and through forwarding that of the (or If the ALL broadcast the through the combined those that IP or IPX the IP or IPX the then ALL the instead. where ALL and IP or IPX the the IP or IPX based the IP or IPX or the the ALL NOTE If the IP the IP routing of those combined, and the IP match algorithm to match the IP of the matching and ID and then, routing found, the to the indicated router or directly connected interface; this Search the routing that matches only the ID, and then found account the broadcast to the indicated router or directly connected interface; nally, If found the network ID, search the routing and the to the indicated router. If match found the using the the and Tree
If the IP indicating through the and the IP forwarding apply. NOTE If the IPX If the IPX of the then IPX the combined. If the IPX of the matches the IPX the to of that If IPX the indicated, then the of the that If of these apply, the Tree To the Workgroups Click the The appear. to Workgroups... The Workgroups appear. Workgroups Workgroup
Workgroup Conguring Workgroup Conguring Workgroup You both existing and from this The Workgroup the top of the each existing with its information. The section of this allows to the of including and IP or IPX and Selection which choose the that included the The only that the and These below: assigned to each the the of this displayed the Workgroup Table. You to that the ATX, the the therefore the of the of NOTE To from the Workgroup the the of this The characters. You the to the Choose the of to This which type to to the of this The following IP the through the when IP IPX the through the only when IPX or of type, through the the If choose IP as type, the IP the subnetwork which the containing the and subnetwork that optionally, the IP which the IP
Workgroup Conguring Workgroup IP IP the subnetwork. If the of the IP matches the IP (when to IP the to the other of the IP If which the of the IP the boundary), the IP within the subnetwork. If choose IPX as type, IPX Network to as match incoming The IPX Network that assigned to the IPX If the IPX Network this the IPX the Workgroup the boxes to the would to include this interface type, and interface that (the Network PPP inclusion Click The the Workgroup to workgroups. Highlight the to the Workgroup Click the highlighted To this reected the Apply The currently displayed. Workgroup
Workgroup Conguring Workgroup
ATX Mirroring locally; remotely The Mirroring allows to appearing or of the and to that The another of the or FDDI), or another ATX The Mirroring allows to and specify If to to this to the ATX to to the its amount of latency to the switchs the the the of and whether the or To this establish using the helpful when the physical to the the the amount of inbound or outbound to and types, and You based of their when using necessary. ATX The allows to or when to the and routed to the this process, and therefore to or truncated. NOTE Chapter
ATX Mirroring The Mirroring The Mirroring might when from interface to interface when to interface, its MAC and the translation increase the that the of the (MTU) of the or truncating such overloading the interface, and further reduce to as as reduce the of or recommended that the type and of and that the of or least that higher than TIP The software to as as physical information, such as and of when examining MAC information, with the of translation, exactly. Network information Bridging their Routed to the routing software, and of as the with normally routed To the Mirroring Click the The appear. Mirroring... and release.
Conguring Mirroring The Mirroring The ATX Mirroring The Mirroring features selection the right of the with selection buttons each of the The and therefore NOTE The of this which allow to the type or off), and specify Selection buttons below these allow to or that arrive The Mirroring whether the the ATX or another ATX that to the ATX If to ATX, both the and ATX Mirroring
ATX Mirroring If the and the both If the The Mirroring the selection the selection button(s) each that to the the to the selection Select from the To the selected To to highlight the of the and type the of the ATX that as the If to the the should NOTE To which arrive the selection To the the establish that to apply to the Chapter ATX Click to apply reected the You to the where the located and the where the located. From the where the located Highlight the of the and type as the Specifying as the that to the the to the selection Select from the To To to highlight the of the Remote IP and type the IP of the ATX which the the selection the selection button(s) each that to
The Mirroring the establish that to apply to the Chapter ATX Click to apply reected the From the where the located that there buttons selected the selection Highlight the of the and type the of the the ATX that as the that the the Remote IP To which arrive the the selection To the the the to the selection Select Remote from the To Click to apply reected the applying these the ATX to the ATX Mirroring
ATX Mirroring The Mirroring
IPX Routing IPX Statistics The IPX Routing displays statistics containing information about IPX Routing ATX. The to IPX (Internetwork the IPX Routing section Chapter information. IPX that information to and those to to the and workstations the The ATX IPX and them appropriately. To the IPX Routing from the ATX Click the The appear. to IPX Routing and release. The IPX Routing Routing appear.
IPX Routing IPX Statistics IPX Interface IPX Statistics IPX Routing The consists of three IPX Interface, IPX and IPX SAP. section of IPX routing information. This section displays the IPX routing interface the IPX routing information the interface. each interface of whether or the interfaces IPX routing. the interface that with the entry. IPX Network The IPX bytes) associated with this interface.
IPX Route IPX Statistics the to this interface: the ethernet This the IPX header and ethernet the as the third (the to the type of that within the Ethernet the non-ethernet the as they (LLC) information within them immediately following the SNAP with or Chapter information IPX In-Rip-Pkts the of IPX Routing Information (RIP) this interface. the of IPX Routing Information (RIP) this interface. the of IPX Service (SAP) this interface. the of IPX Service (SAP) transmitted this interface. The ATX the RIP (Routing Information to routing Routers, including the ATX, broadcasts every seconds the they know about, the to those and the of to there. this the ATX the of its neighboring This section each presently known to the ATX. Destination the of this IPX Routing
IPX Routing IPX SAP IPX Statistics the interface of the ATX through which the of the should reached. Count the secondary routing this which the of routers that to reach the Next the IPX of the of this indirect. If this the of the interface. the of seconds the updated. Count the routing of this which of the amount of that to reach the SAP (Service IPX to the services they It to RIP, the that broadcasts the services they IPX routers gather the information, of services they know about, and that information to other routers. then the that the services they This displays each SAP-cache service presently known to this router. Each IPX service as the SAP and distributed through the SAP cache of this router. The SAP related to the interface assigned to each This assigned to the SAP the type of service the from to and they The assigned to the Network the IPX of the the indicated service (as the
IPX Statistics the IPX of the Netware this with physical MAC and If the typically the to which service should addressed. Count the of routers (hops) that to reach this IPX Routing
IPX Routing IPX Statistics
ARP Source Route ARP Boolean Bridge Bridge Bridge Bridge Broadcast Protection C Clear buttons Entry Ethernet Statistics Firmware, Count I/F Summary interface performance statistics I/F Summary Interface Interface Statistics IP IP IP IP Cong/Routing IP IP IPX IPX IPX IPX Routing IPX Service IPX Source Route Index-1
Count the Switching Location MAC MIB MIM type Entry (Non-Unicast) Source Route Next Non-Unicast OFF OK ON Transmitted Physical offset Index-2 Destination statistics existing option Source type Mirroring type Workgroup PPE Rate Counts Remote RIP Bridge IP SAP Selecting Service button State subnetwork
technical Thresh Thresh Count to the of Translation Translation Troubleshooting type of service Unicast Unknown type Work Index-3
Index-4