STS16-20
Notice Networks the right to specications and other information this without The should Networks to whether such The or software this to without IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERASYS NETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS MANUAL OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, EVEN IF ENTERASYS NETWORKS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNOWN, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. tested its software with technologies. strongly to write and then that the Licensed Software, to with which Networks or to the that the Licensed Software Copyright rights Printed the United States of America. Networks, Inc. P.O. NH SPECTRUM and Application EMM-E6 NB35E Interface UNIX and of the Software Foundation, Inc. of Inc. Ethernet of Apple Computer, Inc. of Inc. and of Microsystems, Inc. NetSight and E7 FNB Access ETWMIM FDMMIM FDCMIM NBR SEHI STHI TRBMIM MIM and Network OPENLOOK of Unix Inc. and XNS of Corporation. of Corporation. CompuServe of CompuServe. of and IRM IRM2 IRM3 IRBM MRXI TRMM TRMM-2 TRMM-4 of Inc. Apple of Inc. and DNI ESXMIM ETSMIM EMME MRXI-24 NB20E NB25E TRMMIM TRXI OSF/Motif and and Microsystems NB30
Restricted Rights Notice (Applicable to to the United States Government only.) or the Government to as forth of the Rights Technical and Software DFARS Inc., New Hampshire This software with restricted rights. It used, reproduced, or the Government as of this Notice or as otherwise stated the This software Used or or with the or which including Government to which such or Used or which (archives) or adapted, or combined with other software, that the combined, or of the software incorporating restricted software to the restricted rights; Disclosed to and service with through of this the Government such or to these restricted rights; and Used or or to Notwithstanding the this software published copyrighted software, to the Government, without prohibitions, with the rights forth of this other rights or the or of this software to stated or incorporated the This Notice reproduction of this software, whole or
Introduction to the STS16-20 related software Welcome to NetSight STS16-20 this to as reference NetSight to and the family of STS16-20 switches. The STS16-20 high performance, switch that switching to backbones, and The STS16-20 to IEEE and 802.1D The STS16-20 or port-based and four of RMON. The STS16-20 include the STS16-20D, STS16-20R, STS16-20RM, and STS16-20FRM. These functionally the of The STS16-20D built-in RJ-45 16 workstation and The STS16-20R built-in RJ-45 The STS16-20RM built-in RJ-45 and optional Interface and and when The STS16-20FRM built-in VF-45 and optional Interface the STS16-20D, through workstation which MAC through which network connectivity without the of MAC that learned to information. NOTE
Introduction the STS16-20 the STS16-20 The STS16-20RM and STS16-20FRM optional Interface Several of which connectivity, or high connectivity ATM, High-Speed and as below: The (T5-04 and T8-04) of connectivity twisted-pair with RJ-45-type or with ST-type The ATM (A2-01 and A8-01) of high-speed to ATM backbone with RJ-45-type or with SC-type The HSTR (R2-02 and R8-02) of High-Speed connectivity twisted with RJ-45-type or and The HSTR with High-Speed or backbones. The Ethernet SSIM (H2-02) translational switch that of Ethernet connectivity twisted with RJ-45-type The SSIM and Ethernet the type of the STS16-20FRM and STS16-20RM, the options If ATM SSIM (A2-01 and A8-01) the ATM option from the NOTE chapter this functionality or of functionalities of the STS16-20, which directly from the Additional information about and features to found the NetSight the NetSight Administration the switches STS16-20RM, STS16-20FRM, STS16-20D, and STS16-20R of their functionality, the to as the STS16-20 throughout this The options and the information of the slightly, the type of STS16-20 The following of the this While as background information as that with and and the
Related Related Chapter of related software and shows to Technical Assistance Chapter the of the Chassis and to the to this chapter and Chapter to The ATM option ATM SSIM to its NetSight to the 95/NT. The and that with performance and troubleshooting information about the the The STS16-20 of to information about the features to through NetSight the following to the and other technical information this NetSight NetSight NetSight Remote Administration NetSight Remote (RMON) NetSight and Network Troubleshooting information about the of the STS16-20, the information the features of the to and NetSight user interface of which to and which the of the which they appear. of of the appears below. Introduction the STS16-20 Chassis Conguring ATM and Introduction
Introduction Common IP information displayed the the top of NetSight as shown MAC Location Common the of the The and the Information Chapter or the IP the IP This the IP to the IP assigned they NetSight Location the location of the The location and the Information Chapter or the MAC the MAC that associated with the IP to the when to NetSight This factory-set and SNMP SNMP
the the amount of that the STS16-20 the The that appears the of allows to and terminate You to this to and them clicking the OK or appears that allows to and to those to this to each other once and the with the The with information to the The buttons, the that selection. topic (three Statistics... associated with that selection. This that using Windows-compatible with buttons; three should the operation of the when following procedures this Procedures within NetSight to these buttons as follows. Right OK Apply Bridge, Introduction or Apply button.
Introduction operations, this that the (primary) to used, and to activating or include instructions about which to instances which right (secondary) functionality instructions explicitly to right Also, where switching the or instructions explicitly to both and right buttons. Instructions to operation include the following terms: to the without Clicking to the the indicated then and release the This commonly to or such as or buttons. Double-clicking to the the indicated then and release the This commonly to operation, such as from that there distinction and double-click, motion. Pressing to the the indicated then and the the action completed. It often to operations. to the the while holding the It often operations to information from of the another, and to highlight This section of or while using NetSight You the the STS16-20 to information to the appear which on-screen that the of the and its associated and that the implemented the associated
Accessing from the Technical Assistance From the from the Chassis to the Chassis as as the Chassis reference. of the the Microsoft facility. If with this of from the or > to from the NetSight or Microsoft NOTE The of NetSight option from the > If chose to the when NetSight selecting this option and which to other If the the option to the to this option, the to the TIP If technical related to NetSight the Technical Assistance of the following hours Technical NH FTP: ftp.ctron.com anonymous BBS: 8N1: Introduction
Introduction and NetSight to NetSight Technical the following To information, to the the following the highest tested with NetSight to the from the NetSight group. If earlier of and the Technical Assistance NOTE
the STS16-20 Chassis through the Chassis Chassis information; The STS16-20 Chassis the that immediately informs of the of switch graphical The Chassis as of to and which the following sections and chapters. To the STS16-20 Chassis or tree the of the STS16-20 to or or tree the once to the STS16-20 to Select from the NetSight or the or or tree the right once to the STS16-20 to On the Chapter
the STS16-20 Chassis Chassis Information The the of the to the selected from the Information Chassis Information The Chassis graphical of the STS16-20, including which immediately informs of the and of the and its You the that to and clicking the of the graphical or the the top of the Chassis The displays information about the The STS16-20 Chassis the the to that clicking the location option. TIP The section the following information: This the of NetSight and the STS16-20: the STS16-20 to The and
Chassis Information temporary stand-by while the STS16-20 to physical the switch. unknown established with the STS16-20. that the STS16-20 to (the off or the The amount of that the STS16-20 without interruption the displayed Indicates the selection currently Selecting The the selection the Chassis this MAC The physical assigned to the interface associated with the IP to the when to NetSight MAC the and Prom The of BOOT PROM the STS16-20. The of the switchs memory. The the internal clock of the STS16-20, displayed 24-hour The the internal clock of the STS16-20, the and Prom as N/A NOTE IP The IP assigned to the appear the title of the Chassis the STS16-20 Chassis
the STS16-20 Chassis Chassis (STS16-20RM with ATM SSIM) Chassis Information clicking of the STS16-20 Chassis with and as as which apply to the the the STS16-20, and to the to the the type of SSIM(s) the STS16-20FRM and STS16-20RM, the options If ATM SSIM (A2-01 and A8-01) the ATM option from the this release, the (T5-04 and T8-04), the HSTR (R2-02 and R8-02), and the Ethernet SSIM (H2-02). NOTE The From the of the Chassis the following displays of the the
Chassis Information allows to the STS16-20 SNMP to MIB II to the SNMP information SNMP, or Information to the and location I/F Summary displays statistics the each interface the including and breakdown; I/F Summary Information ATM the The ATM option appear ATM SSIM (A2-01 or A8-01) the STS16-20RM or STS16-20FRM; Chapter Conguring ATM the STS16-20 Chassis The The allows to the information that shown the Chassis allows to of types: or displays the of each interface as of the theoretical or this release, the option three and the of the recently selected option which the OFF). NOTE displays the of each interface as of the of the interface. I/F displays the interface associated with each the STS16-20. I/F the or of the attached to each this release, the I/F option and the of the recently selected option which the OFF). NOTE I/F displays the interface type of each TR the STS16-20 Chassis
the STS16-20 Chassis Selecting Chassis Information The From the the following MIB to the Information (MIBs); to the information. the 95/NT which performance and troubleshooting This selection appear the NetSight workstation; to the and information. RMON allows to through to to the (RMON) information. The MIB and RMON selections from the the top of the NetSight The The the following three selections: the Chassis which displays the MIBs, RFCs, and MIB the and MIB Chassis with information specically related to the Chassis and Chassis About Chassis the Chassis The The offers the following displays of the selected the Interface I/F Statistics displays and the selected Interface Statistics The graphically interfaces the STS16-20. the Chassis each the STS16-20 its To the of the options the as the following section.
Chassis Information The options allow to information the built-in The options information the STS16-20RM and STS16-20FRM. NOTE To the Click the Chassis to the Click to the information to the information shown the The options as follows: information each as the selected option: displays each ON The and OFF (Red) The or through action. N/A The displays each ON The currently forwarding OFF (Red) The currently forwarding N/A The The the the the of the the the or match the currently which ON connected would of OFF, NOTE the of each the This reects the connected to the to the theoretical or of the the STS16-20 Chassis
the STS16-20 Chassis Chassis Information this release, the option three and the of the recently selected option which the OFF). NOTE the of the of each the that This reects the of the connected to that to the of the The the > from the to the NetSight information NOTE I/F the associated with each the STS16-20. I/F the or of the to each this release, the I/F option and the of the recently selected option which the OFF). NOTE I/F the interface type of each the STS16-20: TR The options incorporate the and options the other selections I/F I/F and I/F the recently selected option which incorporates its
and MIB The which the functionality the STS16-20 both and IETF The MIB there one-to-one and MIB the Chassis Information the STS16-20 its functionality from of MIBs, and IETF RFCs. The MIB of which grouping of MIB with each of There one-to-one and MIB MIB might from and RFCs. The Chassis read-only that displays the and the MIB and, therefore, the functionality the currently To the Chassis Click the Chassis to the Click The Chassis appear. Chassis options the and information about the physical characteristics of the STS16-20 and its The displays of the To the Click the Chassis to the Click to the shown appear. the STS16-20 Chassis
the STS16-20 Chassis the Interface Information Chassis Information The Interface displays which includes the and To the Interface Click the of to the Click Interface to the shown appear. Interface The allows to and the and location STS16-20. The SNMP to MIB II to the SNMP information.
Chassis Information To the Click the Chassis to the Click The as shown appear. The the following the of the the the of the Location the location of the Services the of OSI service the To or information: Click the the or Location text appear which allows to or the entry. the or or location information. Click OK to the or to without the STS16-20 Chassis
the STS16-20 Chassis I/F Summary Information The The I/F section the I/F Statistics information each interface. Chassis Information The I/F Summary option statistics the each The I/F Summary to statistics the that and each interface. To the I/F Summary Click the Chassis to the Click I/F Summary The I/F Summary as shown appear. I/F Summary The I/F section information each interface. The the right corner) to interface performance statistics and, where The statistics the and each interface. The I/F section the STS16-20 interface information each of the built-in and internal interfaces. or STS16-20 switches together, the I/F section the interfaces each switch the as previously. NOTE You the type of and the of displayed. Unit displays the as Load, Counts, or displays the selected
Interface Performance Statistics and Chassis Information The following information each interface: The assigned to each interface the The type of the interface, distinguished the physical/link immediately below the the built-ports; other such as ATM the text of the interface: the type STS-16-20RM) the built-in the SSIM type SSIM-A8-01) and other internal interfaces. Physical The physical stateof the interface: or The stateof the interface: or The (and, where the accompanying summary of interface performance. You the type of and the to the directly the I/F section, as follows: From the right-most of the I/F Summary the which to the selected statistic: Counts or Rate Once selected the the to specify the statistic. that the options from this the selected. when the selected Counts or Rate the Graph from the interface NOTE the statistics (and where refresh to the as below. the STS16-20 Chassis
the STS16-20 Chassis Chassis Information Counts The count of or transmitted the selected interface counters counts the following Octets the interface, including characters. (both and the interface and to higher-layer received the interface that though them from to higher to free the the interface containing that them from to higher-layer Unknown the interface that of unknown or Octets transmitted the interface, including characters. transmitted, the of higher the interface to subnetwork (both and outbound that the interface though that would them from transmitted. reason would to free the outbound that transmitted the interface they The of the selected interface the to the theoretical the selected interface type or the built-in the high-speed and Ethernet and the ATM further the following Octets the of received this interface, as of the theoretical Octets the of this interface, as of the theoretical this option, Graph to the I/F section; this when the selected
Interface Statistics Chassis Information Rate The count the selected the The Rate the as those Counts Counts The Interface Statistics statistics each interface, including counts both and and and buffering information. Color-coded charts graphically statistics both and transmitted and The I/F Statistics from the I/F Summary and from the To the Interface Statistics from the I/F Summary Click to the interface which to statistics. The selected interface highlighted Click the button; the I/F Statistics as shown appear. To the Interface Statistics from From the Chassis to the of to the Click I/F Statistics the I/F Statistics as shown appear. Interface Statistics the STS16-20 Chassis
the STS16-20 Chassis Chassis Information The following three informational appear the of the The interface the currently selected interface. The MAC (physical) of the selected interface. The type of the selected The of the the following and statistics. The four statistics displayed charts. Unicast The of transmitted to or received from this interface that These statistics displayed the chart, Non-Unicast The of transmitted to or received from this interface that that than the The includes count of packetsthose that These statistics displayed the chart, The of which though they contained that would These statistics the chart, typically to free when the becomes If this routinely, usually that overwhelming the To this to or to or switches. to the Network Troubleshooting The of or that These statistics the chart, red. Unknown only) The of which they created or only) The of the selected interface.
Chassis Information only) The of currently from this interface. The amount of memory to and the the the the to Transmitted only) The of transmitted this interface. of Statistics the I/F Statistics of the activity and performance of the selected interface: To the of input To the of Transmitted Transmitted To the of inbound and outbound Transmitted To the of inbound that To the of outbound that Transmitted the Interface which this the Interface Statistics offer or options. These options the Interface the Device>System to SNMP information the and Interface NOTE the STS16-20 Chassis
the STS16-20 Chassis Chassis Information
Conguring ATM and The ATM when ATM SSIM the STS16-20RM or STS16-20FRM. ATM SSIM allows to the STS16-20 with ATM backbone. ATM of or Switched and created and and individually and manually congured. The ATM and established the To the ATM Click the Chassis to the Click ATM The ATM as shown appear. The ATM option only when least ATM SSIM (A2-01 or A8-01) the NOTE Chapter
ATM ATM The ATM the following information about the ATM The displays the each ATM interface the I/F The assigned to each ATM SSIM the STS16-20. If ATM SSIM the the this ATM SSIM the right the this The of allowed the of The of the active Congured the
Conguring The information about each of the currently as as the to I/F The interface which the PVC congured. ATM SSIM the I/F of ATM SSIM the right I/F of VPI The Path assigned to the Allowable to allowing ATM switches. VPI to VCI The assigned to the Allowable each VPI Each assigned VCI within its VPI. the VCI to VPI 0/VCI VPI 1/VCI VPI 2/VCI the combined VPI and VCI assigned to that the grouping of Encapsulation The to LAN the selected of ATM SSIM VC MUX LANE as the The of the Enabled or The of the selected You the or Refresh buttons the of the ATM to or (PVC), or refresh the or existing the the below the appear and modications. the selected that the Refresh refreshes the information the ATM
Conguring ATM To (PVC), the following information the which appear below the From the I/F the interface which to ATM interfaces this The I/F ATM SSIM the and/or ATM SSIM the right of the switch. the VPI text the Path to assign to this Allowable to The VPI assign to allowing ATM switches. the VCI the to assign to this Allowable to each VPI. assign the as as four once with VPI of once with VPI of and that the of VPI and VCI that to through the switches the and From the Encapsulation the type; the STS16-20 VC MUX LANE as the Click the the the to the The and manually they manually the ATM To existing PVC: the to the to The selected PVC highlighted Click the appear, the assigned to the and to the action. Click OK to with the the selected PVC
Apply ATM ATM SSIM Prom C Encapsulation Ethernet SSIM Technical Assistance Grouping HSTR SSIM I/F I/F I/F Summary I/F Interface Statistics IP Location MAC MAC Non-Unicast OK Transmitted Physical Index-1
Index Selecting PVC Rate SSIM STS16-20FRM STS16-20RM SVC Switched Editing technical SSIM Troubleshooting Unicast Unknown VC MUX LANE VCI (VCI) Path (VPI) VPI Index-2