31MY02 inch CRT Peripherals, Inc. www.ENVISIONmonitor.com operating please this thoroughly.
FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or 31MY02 Notice The or the the authority to the interface and AC cord, to comply with the The or TV interference caused unauthorized to this It the responsibility of the to such interference. ENERGY STAR Peripherals, Inc. that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. Warning To fire or shock the to or high the the servicing to only.
Precautions the bathtub, or the or If the and serious to the only or recommended the or with the If mount the or shelf, mounting the and follow the instructions. and the back and of the To of the and to from overheating, these or covered. the or the or or heat the bookcase or provided. The should operated with the type of indicated the If of the type of to or 31MY02 The with three-pronged grounded with third this grounded If outlet the three-wire the or to ground the the of the grounded the or when of This the from to and cords. fire or shock. the the It causing fire or shock. the to service the yourself; or covers to and other Please servicing to service To satisfactory operation, the only with UL-listed which AC, 3.5A. The should the and should easily
Notes the heat such as or or with mechanical or the and to to as originally the factory. clean with cloth. Stubborn with cloth lightly with such as thinners, or cleaners, these the the cleaning the Right Cord The NEMA It UL-listed and CSA AC. If the connected to AWG, type SJT or SVT three conductors with terminating with grounded rated 10A, 250V, CEE-22. The other terminate with molded-on type rated 10A, 250V, CEE-22 31MY02 Features: Clear Supports to EPA ENERGY STAR The that shipped should included the following items: Cord (containing Warranty and information)
Removing the 31MY02 You the
Connecting the Wires the Cord the built-in the the back of and the screws. the input the other of the grounded AC outlet or 31MY02 You the the the type that This supply that allows operation 100/120V AC or 220/240V AC required). If the AC outlet grounded (with three the grounding supplied).
Connecting the Wires Optional Cord (Not Supplied) The with connected to grounded or If to to supply using the input the back of purchase with CEE-22 terminated 31MY02 You the Follow these the built-in the the back of and the screws. the input the other of the the PC.
Press this to and the OSD Brightness Press this to the brightness. If the OSD this allows to within the and Press this to the If the OSD this allows to within the and 31MY02 Instructions MENU Press this to the OSD or highlighted function. light that the light that the Press this to the or off. The light On-screen (OSD) Press the MENU to the OSD and
the OSD Press the MENU to the OSD Press the or buttons the function highlighted. Press MENU to the functions Press the or buttons to the of the function. 31MY02 Instructions To and the EXIT or the seconds. If to other function, the OSD the input appear the top. H: and V:
DDC1/2B This with VESA DDC1/2B to the VESA DDC STANDARD. It allows the to inform the of its identity and, the of DDC used, information about its The DDC1 and DDC2B. The DDC1 from the to the that continuously EDID information. The DDC2B bidirectional based the IC The EDID information the DDC2B. 31MY02 Instructions INF to with of the Follow these to www.ENVISIONmonitor.com Click SERVICES SUPPORT to the Follow the the to and the to www.ENVISIONmonitor.com/support/ to directly the
LED ON the ON. the properly to grounded outlet and to the Confirm that Confirm that Inspect the and that of the the (ENVISION www.ENVISIONmonitor.com) the and Brightness bounces or wave the LED ON or light ON) there or of the (RED, GREEN, or BLUE) the or the OSD or properly (white white) 31MY02 Technical (FAQ) from the They causing interference. Press the or the to the the properly connected to the Inspect the and of the operating correctly the CAPS LOCK and whether the CAPS LOCK light ON or OFF. Inspect the and that of the the properly connected to the the the OSD
Specifications CRT Clock VESA DDC1/2B TM 31MY02 pitch tion Red, Interface H/V TTL H/V Positive/Negative Source AC Factory Preset EPA ENERGY STAR UL, CSA, FDA, FCC, TV/GS, MPRII OHM,
Specifications Considerations to 104F to 40C) Attached 31MY02 Humidity: to
Factory Preset Table VGA VESA VESA 31MY02
Connector Assignment NC Ground Clock 31MY02
This warranty including those within North America as specified. Peripherals, Inc. (EPI) warrants this to free from and workmanship of three years the of purchase. this EPI its option, the with or or it with or charge as stated below*. The or that become the property of EPI. This warranty or that as of: or or Neglect other than ordinary or non-authorized or of options or other than EPI Authorized Service 31MY02 Warranty or heating or or or other This three-year warranty cover of the firmware or that or third or bear the responsibility and such or and the (including the warranties of merchantability and to of three years and from the of purchase. or implied) apply this the United States, allow warranty Therefore, the apply to obligations and and exclusively as stated whether based tort, warranty, or other theory, the of the whose or the of the EPI of profits, of or or or other indirect, or the United States, allow the or of or Therefore, the apply to
Although this warranty rights, other rights which from to the United States of America, this warranty products purchased the United States, and the United States, this warranty products purchased the United States, to service this warranty: Customer Service, RMA the free the Authorized Service located Authorization (RMA) the freight to the EPI Authorized Service If the its (or the RMA the (or the of one-way charge 31MY02 Warranty (continued) EPI to inbound products that properly packaged. EPI the charges within of the countries specified within this warranty EPI associated with the of products international This includes the international of the countries within this warranty Peripherals, Inc.