AOC LM720 inch TFT LCD Peripherals, Inc. www.ENVISIONmonitor.com operating please this thoroughly.
FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and and with the instructions, interference to However, there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or Notice The or the the authority to the interface and AC cord, to comply with the The or TV interference caused unauthorized to this It the responsibility of the to such interference. ENERGY STAR Peripherals, Inc. that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. Warning To fire or shock the to or high the the servicing to only.
the bathtub, or the or If the and serious to the or recommended the or with the If mount the or shelf, mounting the and follow the instructions. and the back and of the To of the and to from overheating, these or covered. the or the or or heat the bookcase or The should operated with the type of indicated the If of the type of to or and cords. fire or shock. with which UL, CSA The with three-pronged grounded with third (grounding) this grounded If outlet the three-wire the or to ground the the of the grounded the or when of This the from to the the It causing fire or shock. the to service the yourself; or covers to and other Please servicing to service To satisfactory operation, the with UL-listed which AC, 5A. The should the and should easily the to the to the
Notes LCD The following with LCD and to the of the light, the Turn off the Switch and then turn to the You slightly brightness the the The LCD effective of or It include blemishes of or such as or of the to the of the LCD of the previous switching from that displayed This hours to The of the light the LCD approximately hours. or EPI service when the or lighting to yourself. Notes the heat such as or sunlight or with mechanical or shock. the and to to as originally the factory. clean with cloth. Stubborn with cloth lightly with such as thinners, or cleaners, these the the cleaning the Right Cord The NEMA It and CSA AC. If the connected to AWG, type SJT or SVT three conductors with terminating with grounded rated 10A, 250V, CEE-22. The other terminate with molded-on type rated 10A, 250V, CEE-22
Removing the Features: TFT LCD Clear Supports to Recommended) EPA ENERGY STAR Compact You the The that shipped should included the following items: LCD Cord 95/98/2000/ME/XP INF (Containing Warranty Information)
Connecting the Wires the Cord the built-in the the back of and the screws. the the the the DC IN the back of the the other of the grounded AC outlet or You the the the type that This LCD supply that allows 100/120V AC or 220/240V AC required). If the AC grounded (with three the grounding supplied).
to Optional Wall Mounting Arm (Not supplied) This attached to mounting purchase separately. this Follow these the screw covers off the back of the the and the screws. the base. You the further instructions.
Optional Wall Mounting Arm (Not supplied) Follow these to the mounting arm: the mounting the back of the the of the with the the back of the the screws the and the the the back of the You the The Envisionl with the of mounting and or their www.ergotron.com information the which mount LCD
the the to preference. the when the You the from to the LCD when the It or to the base. You the to INF ICM the 95/98/2000/ME/XP INF Follow the New instructions the If the the location of the and Next.
Press this to the H-Position, Clock and light that the light that the Brightness Press this to the brightness. If the OSD this allows to within the and Press this to the If the OSD this allows to within the and On-screen (OSD) Press the MENU to the OSD and MENU Press this to the OSD or from the OSD Instructions Press this to the or off. The light
the OSD Press the MENU to the OSD Press the or buttons the function highlighted. Press MENU to the functions Press the or buttons to the of the function. Instructions To and highlight the EXIT and MENU or the seconds. If to other function, the OSD the input appear the top. H: and V:
This allows to choose of or while Follow the instructions selecting functions the OSD as the previous Press off and then to chosen the DOS- to the the 95/98/2000/ME INF to search the A:) to the Double-click the the to the the top of If there the already If the Choose MS-DOS C:\> EDIT and You the Press the AUTO the front of seconds. The If the the can't to the background of white Instructions or the characters twisted): the to Press the off and then Press the AUTO seconds. the full-screen To the ESC or ALT-F and then the DDC1/2B This with VESA DDC1/2B to the VESA DDC STANDARD. It allows the to inform the of its identity and, the of DDC used, information about its The DDC1 and DDC2B. The DDC1 from the to the that continuously EDID information. The DDC2B bidirectional based the IC The EDID information the DDC2B.
LED ON the ON. the properly connected to grounded outlet and to the Confirm that Confirm that Inspect the and that of the the www.ENVISIONmonitor.com) the and Brightness bounces or the LED ON or light ON) there or of the (RED, GREEN, or BLUE) to the highest products, EPI the following as to the allowable of Bright or or of Bright. The this of the allowed of would only amount to of the Technical (FAQ) from the They causing interference. Press the or the to the the properly connected to the Inspect the and of the operating correctly the CAPS LOCK and whether the CAPS LOCK light ON or OFF. Inspect the and that of the the properly connected to the
or properly (white white) brightness or The of the back-light hours, the of the light reduced to of its Please the to authorized service service. or the CLOCK the of If the correct, the shows and the incorrect. FOCUS the phase of the clock With phase the with light FOCUS and CLOCK or shut-down the properly connected to the If the the screws. Inspect the and that of the Technical (FAQ) the CLOCK and FOCUS or the AUTO to the the Red, and/or or K) or K). the CLOCK and FOCUS or the AUTO to the shut-down
to incompatible Right the and choose Click the then to of the the chart below. Unsupported try Chart Technical (FAQ) of VESA specifications. Right the and choose Properties. Click the then to of the the chart below.
Specifications LCD TFT LCD pitch (H) (V) (H) (V) milliseconds Red, Interface H/V TTL Colors Clock VESA DDC1/ 2BTM Connector OHM, Source VAC, Considerations to 104F to 40C) to 122F to 50C) Humidity: to
Specifications Brightness Switch MENU/ Functions Brightness Clock H-Position Selected RGB EPA ENERGY STAR UL, CSA, FCC, TV/ GS, CE, XP
Factory Preset Table VGA SVGA XGA SXGA
Connector Assignment +5V NC H-Sync Clock