TFT LCD Peripherals Inc. www.ENVISIONdisplay.com
FOR YOUR SAFETY operating the please this thoroughly. This should retained reference. FCC Class Interference WARNING: (FOR FCC CERTIFIED MODELS) NOTE: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or ENERGY STAR Peripherals Inc. that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. WARNING: To fire or shock the to or high the the servicing to only.
PRECAUTIONS: the bathtub, or the or If the and serious to the or recommended the or with the If mount the or shelf, mounting the and follow the instructions. and the back and of the To of the and to from overheating, these or covered. the or the or or heat the bookcase or provided. the location heat such as or or to sunlight, or or mechanical or shock. The should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of to or The with three-pronged grounded with third (grounding) This only grounded outlet as If the three-wire the or ground the the of the grounded the or when of This the from to and cords. fire or shock. the the It
to service the yourself. or covers to and other Please servicing to service or the and or the or heavy the If the they fire or shock. If phenomenon such as or the and or the service immediately. the off the switch, the and the If the properly when the fire or shock. the with or the with shock. To the or the the the as this fire or shock. To satisfactory operation, the with UL which 240V AC, 5A. The the and easily ERGONOMICS RECOMMENDATIONS the or bright background. comfort, the should below and inches) from using the prolonged of hour recommended. causing fire or shock. the
GENERAL NOTES The following with LCD and to the of the light, the Turn off the Switch and then to the You slightly brightness the the The LCD this high with thin Occasionally, non-active appear the as of red, white or Please that this to the of the LCD of the previous switching the when the displayed The recover from this. LCD of to this, to the below its which slightly the quality. Therefore, recommended to this its of
OTHER NOTES The or the with such as or This scratch or the These covered the warranty. Turn OFF to the the and as they to protection, as originally the factory. To the the of the TFT-LCD with non-fibrous cloth lightly with cleaner. products to the the directly the such as thinner, or cleaners, these the the cleaning
Peripherals Inc. or or implied, with to the hereof and specifically merchantability or Peripherals Inc. the right to this publication and to from to the hereof without to of such or Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. other the property of their owners. reference, write the following information about the below. The found the back of the or the of its Information Product of Purchase: Information Telephone Address: Reference Information
of Features.............................................................................2 the and of the Installation........................................................4 the Choosing the Supported Graphics and Refresh Rate Selection the Specifications
Instructions Please the following instructions or cleaning the from the cleaning. or cleaners. cloth to the housing. and the back or top of the They or covered. This should or or other heat or built-in provided. of or of this to service this as or covers to or other If or (such as the the from the outlet and service
features: SXGA LCD With FRC 16.7M the offers High Quality With within the specified the to Function The the and with Microsoft and XP only Light with EPA ENERGY STAR the off the its to than W. On Allows to using on-screen
Unpacking the Please that the following items included with If they or please of purchase immediately QSG and of the CD
with with from to AC of to that supply within the If please electricity To that the to the and the to the both turned off. the from the VGA input to the VGA of the graphics the from the to AC Please that easy to the the from the should
The to loaded. ME, and The first the the and the New follow the to the and XP The first connecting XP the and
the Choosing The that the as the that displayed the LCD. the of the the LCD This known as the of the displayed through the expanded, the of the as as that when the displayed. performance from LCD the If using XP or NT the as follows: Double-click the the From the the There the right-hand the of the that the the to NT users only: refresh of or and displayed. that there shown the If displayed, the and refresh or choose refresh Click OK to
Supported Graphics and Refresh Rate Selection There to choose the highest refresh when using LCD It technically LCD to refresh of that the graphics to of the shown Table the Other graphics poorly or that the to VESA or Apple graphics these of graphics should to these the of refresh rates of and supported. With ME, or XP the refresh of the graphics as follows: the the From the the and the Advanced and ME the and XP the The refresh selection field located the the of the Choose refresh that with of the factory from the below. Click Apply and then OK Please Graphics that the supported. that choose graphics with of that the of and The The displayed or that
caused the from the VGA with the This however, with the If the the displayed manually the phase, and using the "Geometry" Chapter the interference This the which the graphics this and with LCD To the service of the that to the off DOS DOS DOS VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA Incoming Clock
the The to the seconds. This only reliably the graphics to of the factory the previous chapter) and stationary (such as the The the obtained the and them whenever the that to the connected to or the graphics replaced. If with the the the OSD to the the On-Screen (OSD) and the buttons the front of the
(from to right) OSD the selection upwards within the OSD the selection within the OSD OSD (Decrease) OSD (Increase) SELECT /AUTO POWER OSD MENU: Brightness or items within OSD Automatically the phase and clock. OSD Brightness: the brightness of the Contrast: the the light and
Tracking CLOCK: to or the screen background. The PHASE: to and clear or the of characters. the of the the of the
Other There three items 9300K Bluish white 6500K white Red, to LANGUAGE: selection OSD POSITION: the OSD the INFORMATION: ON refresh information shown the and RESET: to factory
Frequently The the chapter the and graphics with the and refresh Then chapter the and to the displayed based these instructions. VGA If the and the displayed the the the chapter with the the once the the characteristics and type of the or to of the You these using with or with built-in the than the Please chapter the graphics that the the the or instead of showing the The of this VGA or that the securely connected to the the VGA If or off, or authorized Peripherals Inc. service
displayed, what that the light (LED) to the and If the LED the MENU the to the On If the NON PRESET MODE appears there, please chapter the and the graphics to of the graphics If the LED the Press the or the to the If that that the VGA securely the the of the VGA If or off, then Chapter If the LED that the the supply and that the switch turned that the switch The or distorted, flashes or that the securely connected to the Read the and of this then the refresh and based these instructions. The the the Geometry of the OSD to the the and and then the refresh and based these instructions. The shows NO SIGNAL that the securely connected to the The Press the or the to the If that that the VGA securely the
The shows OUT OF FREQUENCY chapter the and graphics with the and refresh
Specifications Characteristics active Thin Transistor Native Colors (6bpp+dithering) Pitch Interface switch, OSD buttons Functions Contrast, Brightness, Phase, Clock, OSD OSD (Refresh RGB polarity) Synchronization TTL TTL Within the chapter
Physical Characteristics switched supply, V, (W D) 5C 40C CSA, TUV/GS EMI/EMC FCC, CE, Other