Instructions Thank purchasing this high-resolution Please this thoroughly installation. FCC Interference WARNING: (FOR FCC CERTIFIED MODELS) NOTE: This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to protection interference to installation. This and interference to as properly and used. there that interference installation. If this serious interference to or reception, the it.Moreover,user to interference or of the following: or the the and the further from each other. the outlet from that to which the connected. or technician. NOTICE: The or the the authority to the interface and AC cord, to comply with the The or TV interference caused unauthorized to this It the of the to such interference. FCC Warning: To FCC user grounded supply and the shielded interface with unauthorized or to this would the authority to this If necessary,shielded interface and AC to the English
First of the Product the Technical Specification and Troubleshooting
This and tested ground that first.However,improper or to the as as to the user.Carefully the following WARNINGS and this WARNINGS: This should operated the indicated the the of the of the supply or to the as user-serviceable The should repaired technician. the There high-voltage that shock to when the disconnected. Stop using the the service technician. only clean, the immediately and service technician. the cleaning Clean the with clean, cloth. Apply based the cloth, directly the the from motors, TV sets,and heavy the or cord. PLUG CABLE EQUIPMENT,the Socket-outlet near the and easily English
First Congratulation purchasing this of high performance! This with the following LCD Cord the the the base. the with the the and the the base. the and then the hand to and Removing the Swivel both and OFF. the to the computer,then to the of the to the back of the and the other to the the to properly grounded AC outlet,then to the and the computer,then the
users: the and Refresh Right-click the the Refresh Rate graphic user instructions. Connecting AC Cord DVI Optional English
of the Product Key/Exit Decrease Increase>/Audio MENU LED Press the MENU to the OSD the There of OSD Select the the OSD or and section OSD Press the OSD MENU to the selected function or associated If selected the sub-function using the OSD buttons or and the using the OSD or and The when to the orexit the OSD to further as The OSD than seconds The You manually pressing the AUTO
The OSD the The function LEDS Item Brightness Brightness/ Item H-Position the the the internal clock. Clock the appear appear the clocks Phase to the Sharpness sharpness than the brightness, and Automatically selects the ,phase, English
Item OSD V.OSD the OSD CONTROL OTHERS RESET Item 9300K 6500K Custom OSD the OSD OSD Timeout OSD selection: English,French,German,Italian,Spanish, Dutch,Russian,Polish. Selects or (DVI- D) input the There optional OSD Information (on/off) that displays the Autoswitch YES Activating the factory With this function NO to the factory without prompting confirmation. This 9300K, 6500K or the OSD or to the If to the Custom option. Then the MENU to the red, and and the the OSD buttons or The when to the or the OSD seconds) the OSD closing action This option allows to the function should each to the
Supported VGA Warning the graphic to these refresh Doing to VGA MAC VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA MAC VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA VESA English
Technical DVI-D with HDCP LCD Native Colors 16.7M Pitch Synchronization Recommended V, ON W; of the LED: W; of the LED: Operation: humidity:20 (without humidity:5 (without The to and to without
and directly to sunlight or other heat from the to reduce heavy things top of and from and TV the LCD of the and off the and the from to the within and backward.You to this the to only. If or from should the immediately and service the cover of cabinet.The high-voltage and shock to to yourself.Always service or to Troubleshooting A/C securely connected to the and the supply connected to the another the to that the outlet supplying the with the tightly to the back of the computer.If not,tightly brightness. Worng or If colors(red,green,blue)are the to it securely connected.Loose or the the to another English