EPEX3905.0 QUESTIONS? to If or or PLEASE CONTACT OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT DIRECTLY. CALL TOLL FREE: MST ON THE WEB: www.iconservice.com CAUTION and tions this using this this reference. Decal USER'S MANUAL
TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY HOW TO OPERATE THE EXERCISE CYCLE MAINTENANCE AND TROUBLESHOOTING EXERCISE GUIDELINES PART LIST EXPLODED DRAWING HOW TO ORDER REPLACEMENT PARTS Cover LIMITED WARRANTY IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of serious the following tions the instructions this and the the the as this It the responsibility of the to that of the of the the from and the to the or that there enough clearance around the to mount, mount, and Inspect and properly immediately. children the age of and from the WARNING: this or physician. This the age of or with health instructions ICON responsibility or property or through the of this The should than pounds. Wear clothes when using the wear clothes that become caught the wear athletic back straight when the back. If or while exercising, immediately and cool The factors, including the the of heart readings. The as heart The in-home only. the or institutional
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Congratulations selecting the EPIC of the effective increasing building and toning the The EPIC offers of to this healthful the and of this the If reading this the front cover of this To the Seat Seat Seat bottle included CAUTION: There the the location shown. If the or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and free Apply the the location shown. Water and when calling. The EPEX3905.0. The found attached to the the front cover of this the location of the To service warranty, the www.iconservice.com/registration. reading further, please with the that the below. Foot Strap Upright
ASSEMBLY To hire authorized to the toll-free Assembly of the cleared and the of the assembly completed. Assembly the included and wrench the below to the assembly. The parentheses below each the of the from the PART LIST The the parentheses the assembly. If the to preassembled. M8 Screw the While another the front of the the to the with four M8 Screws and four M8 Washers M8 M8 Patch Screw M8 Washer M4 Screw
While another the of the the Rear to the with four M8 Screws and four M8 Washers While another the Upright the tion shown, the to the the of the to the from the that the Upright turned the top the shown. the Upright the to pinch- the the Upright with four M8 Screws four M8 Washers and three Upright Spacers that the of the Spacers the Upright. the the Upright the through the indicated the the to the Upright with M8 Patch Screws and M8 Washers to pinching the Top this the this the this
another the the the to the the the ground that connected with screw to the the ground to the the Next, the from the and to the the the to the with M4 Screw wires the the to the the with four M4 Screws to pinching the wires. Turn the Seat counterclockwise or three to Next, the the Seat inches, and then release the the Seat and slightly the the of the the Seat Then, the clockwise tight. the Seat Bracket to the Seat with M8 Patch Screws that the Seat Bracket oriented the the indicated the Seat to the Seat with four M8 and four M8 Washers The and Washers to the of the Seat. the Seat the Seat Bracket and the Seat to the the Seat the the of the Seat and the Seat the Seat Carriage. the wires this
the which with L. wrench, tighten the counterclockwise the Arm Tighten the Right shown) clockwise the Right Arm shown). Tighten both as as using the the performance, the tightened. the Strap which with L. the Strap to the and to the the Right Strap shown) the that properly the assembly completed, beneath the to the INSTALLING THE RECEIVER FOR THE OPTIONAL CHEST PULSE SENSOR If purchase the optional follow the below to the includ- with the the from the of the You screw- to the the exactly as shown, and the indicated the the screws included with the the to the with the screws as shown. the the to the indicated the the that wires pinched. The other wires included with the Screws Access
HOW TO OPERATE THE EXERCISE CYCLE HOW TO MOVE AND LEVEL THE EXERCISE CYCLE front of the the firmly, and foot of the the the the to the location and then to the of the while moving If the slightly the the the motion HOW TO ADJUST THE SEAT POST effective the seat should the height. there should when the the lowest To the height of the seat, first the seat counterclockwise or three Seat to the enough, scratch the seat Next, the the seat to the height, and then release the the seat and slightly the the of the the seat Then, turn the clockwise tight. HOW TO ADJUST THE SEAT The seat to the tion that the the seat, the the seat while To the seat, first the seat counterclockwise or three to the seat or to the and then the seat Foot HOW TO ADJUST THE PEDAL STRAPS The to the that the comfort- Press the the ped- the to the and then release the Seat Seat Seat Seat Strap
CONSOLE DIAGRAM If there of clear the of the the FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The advanced offers selection of features to and effective. the of the selected, the of the with the of the feedback. You heart using the or the optional The offers and Each the resis- of the and to increase or as through the heart that the of the RPM and to to heart heart as THE OPTIONAL CHEST PULSE SENSOR The optional hands-free operation and heart To purchase the optional the toll-free the front cover of this
HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE to the The or as To the of about hour or seconds, the displays light. tone then sound and the ready Select the the turned the selected. If selected the the Heart Rate repeatedly appears the and the of the as the resis- of the ped- the tons. There the buttons pressed, the to reach the selected with the and the The the selected, the the around the track light the The then and the to light The The the the and the The from to the every seconds, as shown the around the selected, the the the instead of the Each the of the the the The right The right [RPM]) and the of and burned FAT BURNING The from to the every seconds, as shown the The heart when the or the optional heart selected, the heart The and or To which of select- the user the about seconds. The E English or the M appear the right To the of the button. The the To the the
heart If the and wear the optional the the heart accurately. If there of clear the the off the plastic. To heart the with resting the detected, the Heart Rate tor the right light, or appear the right and then heart shown. the heart reading, the least seconds. If to the the right heart to seconds. The then heart with the other If heart shown, that as to or to the too tightly. performance, the cloth; or chemicals. Turn the To turn the the button. the to the To the high the To off the the third finished exercising, the off. If the seconds, tone sound, the and the to flash. If the about the off, the displays If the about the off and the
HOW TO USE RESISTANCE AND PACE PROGRAM to the Select of the and To resis- and the repeatedly P P P P P or P appears the right and selected, of the of the the The the highest of the seconds, and then the Press the or to the or One and each The and/or or The the first shown the flash- of the (The shown the The the shown the to the right. the RPM to the the of the too lights, increase of the too fast lights, of the lights, The to motivation. than the to that three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash, of tones sound, and to the The resis- the then shown the flashing and the of the to the the If of the the the to the the the highest appear the The the the shown the and the the the the with the buttons. when the the the If seconds, tone sound and the To the
with the displays. heart Turn the the finished, the off. HOW TO USE HEART RATE PROGRAM to the Select of the heart To heart the Heart Rate repeatedly P or P appears the right If the first heart selected, of the heart of the the If the heart selected, graphic heart- beat appear the heartbeat while using the or the optional appear the graphic. heart If the first heart selected, the heart of the the right followed the PLS. If the or to the heart EXERCISE INTENSITY Then, the If the heart the intensity of the
If the heart selected, the heart the the right the PLS. If the or to the heart EXER- CISE INTENSITY Then, the the To heart the or the optional If the to the continuously the however, should the the to function properly. Each the handgrips, the least seconds. holding the handgrips, the PLS appear the right instead of heart Press the or to the The first heart One heart each The heart or The heart the first shown the flashing of the The heart the shown the to the right. three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash, of tones sound, and heart to the The heart the then shown the flashing The heart The heart or the both heart the heart to the heart If heart too below or the heart the of the increase or to heart to the heart the first of the the RPM to of the too lights, increase of the too fast lights, of the lights, The RPM only to to that the manually the the buttons. when the heart to the heart the of the increase or to heart to the heart with the displays. Turn the the finished, the off.
MAINTENANCE AND TROUBLESHOOTING Inspect and properly of the regularly. To the cloth. To to the from the and the of sunlight. HOW TO ADJUST THE REED SWITCH If the feedback, the switch should To the switch, the Right wrench, the Right counterclockwise and Next, the Seat Next, the M4 Screws Turn the Right Arm the front of the and then off the Right Next, the Switch Turn the Right Arm the with the Switch. the cated Screw the Switch slightly to or from the Then, the Screw. Turn the right crank the displays feedback. the switch correctly the right shield, the seat and the right HOW TO ADJUST THE DRIVE BELT If the while when the to the highest the to To the first both shields HOW TO ADJUST THE REED SWITCH the Next, the indicated M8 the properly tightened. Then, the shields. PULSE SENSOR TROUBLESHOOTING while the with heart readings. the too tightly; with heart read- the heart reading, the about seconds. performance of the the clean. The cleaned with cloth or chemicals.
EXERCISE GUIDELINES WARNING: this or physician. This cially the age of or withpre-existing health The factors the of heart readings. The as heart The following to that and EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to or to strengthen the to the to with the intensity. The found heart as The chart below shows heart rates burn- and To the heart first age the of the chart rounded off to the years). Next, the three the three The lowest the recommended heart the the heart and the highest the heart To effectively, relative- intensity of the first of easily the first of to If to the of heart the lowest or the as If to strengthen activity that amounts of prolonged of This increases the the heart to to the and the to the the intensity of heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES should include the following three consisting of to of stretching and light increases heart and ration consisting of to of with heart the first of heart than cool-down with to of stretching. This increase the flexibility of and to EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months of to each The to and of life.
SUGGESTED STRETCHES The basic stretches shown the right. as bounce. Toe Touch with slightly and from hips. Allow back and shoulders to as reach as as counts, then back of and back. with Bring the of the foot and the thigh of as as counts, then each back and Calf/Achilles With front of the other, reach and back straight and back foot the front and hips the counts, then each To further stretching of the back as and With hand reach back and foot with other hand. Bring as to as counts, then each and hip Thigh with the of together and outward. as as counts, then and hip
PART EPEX3905.0 R1005A Qty. Qty. Upright Cover Seat Bracket Seat Seat Seat Seat Seat Rear Rear Right Strap Foot Seat Right Right Arm Arm Strap Right Assembly Thrust Washer C Arm Bracket non-illustrated Specifications to without the back cover of this information about C Mount Switch/Wire C Screw Stand-off M10 M8 Screw M8 Washer M4 Screw M4 Screw Screw M8 Patch Screw M5 Screw M8 Washer M4 Screw J M10 M5 Alighnment M5 Washer M6 M6 Upright Screw Mount Screw M10 Washer
EXPLODED EPEX3905.0 R1005A
HOW TO ORDER REPLACEMENT PARTS To the front cover of this To please to the following information when calling: the MODEL NUMBER of the (EPEX3905.0) the NAME of the (EPIC the SERIAL NUMBER of the the front of this the KEY NUMBER and DESCRIPTION of the and ICON Health Inc. (ICON), warrants this to free from workmanship and and service of from the of chase. This warranty to the purchaser. this warranty ited to or option, the through of its authorized service repairs which warranty pre-authorized ICON. If the shipped to service freight charges to and from the service the responsibility. in-home service, the charge. This warranty to or to caused or to freight or or repairs ICON authorized service products or or products as other warranty that specifically forth authorized ICON. ICON or indirect, or of or nection with the or performance of the or with to of property, of or profits, of or of or or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other and of merchantability or its and to the terms forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which from to R1005A Printed ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON HEALTH FITNESS, INC., S. W., LOGAN, UT