EPTL19605.0 the the reference. Decal QUESTIONS? to If or or PLEASE CONTACT OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT DIRECTLY. CALL TOLL-FREE: MST ON THE WEB: www.iconservice.com CAUTION and tions this this this reference. USER'S MANUAL
TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY HOW TO USE THE CHEST PULSE SENSOR TREADMILL OPERATION HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING EXERCISE GUIDELINES PART LIST HOW TO ORDER REPLACEMENT PARTS Cover LIMITED WARRANTY EXPLODED DRAWING attached the of this
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of burns, fire, shock, or to the following and information operating the It the responsibility of the to that users of this of and the only as this the with least feet of clearance and each the that To the or from the the from and the or covered or near the where products or children the of and from the The should than pounds. allow than the Wear clothes when the wear clothes that become caught the Athletic clothes recommended both and wear ath- the with wearing only or the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. single-outlet that of the To purchase EPIC or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the or unexpectedly, which and serious the and the from heated the while the turned off. the the or or the properly. BEFORE YOU BEGIN the tread- properly.) Read, and the the TREADMILL OPERATION the while the the while the The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The as heart the while the the cord, and the reset/off to the off when the the the location of the to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to pounds to lower, or the or the that the closed.
Inspect and properly of the every three months. or DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the and this the WARNING: this or physician. This the age of or with health instructions ICON responsibility or property or through the of this The shown the If or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and Apply the the location shown. The shown SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS instructed to authorized service Servicing other than the this should authorized service only. The in-home only. the or institutional
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Congratulations purchasing the EPIC TM MX The MX offers of to the of home. From the advanced to the cushioned platform, the MX to each effective and when the than the of this the If reading this please the front cover of this Accessory Foot BACK Rear To the and The of the EPTL19605.0. The found to the the front cover of this the cation). To service warranty, the www.iconservice.com/registration. reading further, please the below and with the Cord Cushion Platform RIGHT SIDE Key/Clip
ASSEMBLY Assembly three the cleared and of the assembly completed. The of the coated with high-performance amount of to the top of the or the This and If there top of the off the with cloth and cleaner. Assembly the included wrench and screwdriver assembly the below. If found the to the preattached. IMPORTANT: the the the assembled or the the Right Upright which the locations. the Right Upright the as shown. the Upright the of the Right Upright and of the top. around the Upright and the Right Upright to the Upright from the Right Upright. the completed. Upright Washer
the Right Upright the the to or the Upright the Right Upright with four Upright and Washers as shown. If necessary, the of the Right Upright to the Upright with the the Upright the Upright the There the the Housing to the Upright with the the the Upright the sembly the Upright and the Right Upright the Upright to the (A). to the tors properly the the should together easily and If the together easily and and try to them. IF THE CONNECTORS ARE NOT CONNECTED PROPERLY, THE CONSOLE MAY BE DAMAGED WHEN THE POWER IS TURNED ON. the (A, the Right Upright Next, the front of the the assembly the Right Upright and the Upright Then, the back of the the Uprights. that the pinched. Assembly of Bracket
While pressing the Upright and four Washers the Uprights and the as shown. to pinching the Upright The CD and the If these become from the them back the the HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the Uprights Then, the Upright the of the Uprights. that properly the included. the included wrenches The wrench to the To the or the
HOW TO USE THE CHEST PULSE SENSOR HOW TO PUT ON THE CHEST PULSE SENSOR The consists of the and the the below). the of the of the as shown the Press the of the the the The should with the front of the Unit Next, the around and the other of the to the the of the necessary. The should clothes, tight and as high the or breasts as that the the facing and right-side-up. the from inches and the the (the covered such as or both areas. the to CHEST PULSE SENSOR CARE AND MAINTENANCE Thoroughly the each The activated when the and the heart the off when and the If the Chest Strap Unit each activated than the prematurely. the the or other that the to sunlight of to or below or stretch the when using or the Clean the clothnever or chemicals. The washed and CHEST PULSE SENSOR TROUBLESHOOTING The instructions the following the with the If the function properly, the below. that wearing the as the If the function when as scribed, slightly or higher such as or to the the If heart readings appear the areas. or the near the of the the to heart readings, the within of the The chest to with people who heart Heart reading caused such as tions and The operation of the affected interference caused high or other If suspected that this relocating the The CR2032 the to
TREADMILL OPERATION THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT features with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the platform. the and HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the increased of shock. with or service- as to whether the properly grounded. the with the productif the outlet other type of sophisticated seriously and interference from weather or from other turned or off. To the of with the right). To purchase EPIC or and or single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The UL rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether functioning properly. to properly functioning to the of the If the the or which and serious injury. This grounded. If should tion or grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding the and the that properly and grounded with and ordinances. The with outlets. This and that the trated below. temporary that the to the to as shown properly grounded Grounded Screw The temporary should properly grounded outlet The ear, or the from the to ground such as properly grounded outlet cover. Whenever the screw. covers grounded. to the outlet cover grounded Grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded
FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The offers of features to the of the selected, the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart using the or the the offers the and of the as through heart offered. Each the and of the to heart within while The allows to and them memory To the of the follow the To To and and To heart HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER If there of clear the the plastic. To to the platform, wear while the The first the used, the of the and the the Next, the reset/off the the cord. that the the the foot of the the tached to the the and the the of clothes. Next, the the the displays and light. the pulled from the causing the to to the the pulled from the If the pulled from the the of the as Position
HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select the the the selected and appear the If selected, the and to the If to to To or the increase and buttons below the or To the buttons. To the increase and crease buttons. You to each to the crease and buttons below the the shows of If to the crease and buttons below the the shows of or the the of the that or the of burn, and If of the The that become Press the to the the pressed, the to the and the of the as the increase and buttons. Each pressed, the the of To the of the buttons. The and or THE SPEED DISPLAY simplicity, instructions this section to To the of of the Stop buttons. The to flash. To the the or the increase button. the of the as To the of the the increase and crease buttons. Each pressed, the To the quickly, of the buttons. the buttons pressed, the to reach the selected
Follow with the and the displays. The the lected, the that the around the light the track The then and the to light The This the of the tread- The If this the If the the lected the first heart the the the The If this the that or If the the to or or selected, the the to or the The If this the of burned. If the the of to or selected, the the of to the The This heart when the or the The This the of the The and or To which of selected, of the while the the E English or M appear the Press the increase to the of the of selected, the and then To the displays, of the Stop tons, the and then the If the tomatically to when the reached. If the when both reached.
heart You heart the or the If the and wear the the the heart accurately. If there of clear the the off the plastic. To the first that clean. Next, the foot and the should resting the and should touching the detected, the and then heart shown. the heart reading, to the about seconds. finished exercising, the from the the foot of the tons, and the of the to the lowest The the lowest when the to the or the become aged. Next, the from the and If the displays and the the the the and off the finished the the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO USE PRESET PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To the peatedly of the or below the lights. selected, the the of the and the the The the The or The the of The the first of the The below the the and of the the the If to to To the or the the increase and below the or To the the increase and buttons. To quickly, the crease and buttons. If or other accordingly. the the and accordingly. Press the to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and Each of length. One and each The and/or or The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the to the right. three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right and of tones sound. If the and/or of the about to the and/or the to the first to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and the If of the the the to the the that the highest appear the If of the the when the to the the back
The this the the shown the and the The then to If the or too high or too the manually the the or buttons. Every pressed, light or the (If of the to the right of the the of as the light or those as the the to the and the To the temporarily, of the Stop buttons. The to flash. To the the ton or the increase the to the of the the to the and the Follow with the displays. Measure heart finished exercising, the from the the that the of the the lowest Next, the from the and If the displays and the the the the and off the finished the the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To the of the Custom lights. If the three of appear the If than three of appear, HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM Press the and the and the pressed, the to the and the Each One and each The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the To and the first the and of the as the and increase and buttons. Every pressed, light or the the first of the of tones sound and the and the memory. The three of then to the and the the shown the flashing and the as and as as to forty finished with of the buttons The and that and the of that then memory. finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To the of the Custom lights. selected, the the of the and the the The the The the first of the If three of appear the HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM the Press the to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and Each One and each (The and/or or The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the to the right. only three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash, of tones sound, and the and the flash. the first to the The the then shown the flashing and the tomatically to the and that The this the the shown the and the The then to If the while using To the or the the or increase and buttons. the the memory. To increase the of the first the completed. Then, the and and as as as as of the To the of the of the Stop the completed. To the temporarily, of the Stop buttons. The to flash. To the the or the increase button. the to the of the the tread- to the and the Follow with the displays. Measure heart finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE HEART RATE PROGRAM CAUTION: If heart or years of age and inactive, the heart If larly, physician to whether the heart Follow the below to heart the the instructions the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select heart To heart the peatedly of the heart lights. If the first heart selected, the If the heart lected, the first heart of the appear the heart If the first heart selected, the heart the flash the If sired, the crease and buttons to the heart EXERCISE INTENSITY If the heart selected, the heart of the the If the increase and buttons to the heart EXER- CISE INTENSITY If the heart the of the Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and The first heart The heart the The heart One heart each The heart or If the heart selected, the heart the first shown the flashing of the The heart the shown the to the right. three seconds the first of the both the Current and the to the right and of tones sound.
the first heart to the The heart the then shown the flashing both heart the heart to the heart the If heart too below or the heart the of the increase or to heart to the heart If the or too high or too the the with the or increase or crease buttons. when the heart to the heart the of the to heart to the heart If the the P the and the of the If this the instructions To the of of the buttons. To the the or the increase ton. The to the heart to the heart the and/or of the to heart to the heart Follow with the displays. finished exercising, the from the
THE INFORMATION MODE/DEMO MODE The information that track of the of hours that the and the of that the The information allows to or as the of and the infor- mation allows to turn and off the To the information of ther of the while the the the information selected, the following information shown: The the of hours the used. The the of or that the E English or M appear the Press the crease to the of sired. IMPORTANT: The should If appears the the the This to when displayed the the the the from the and the displays and the light although the the If appears the when the information selected, the the To the information the from the HOW TO ADJUST THE CUSHIONING SYSTEM The cushioning that the as or the To increase the of the platform, the cushion the right shown) to- the of the To the firm- ness, the cushion the front of the both the cushion The the or the the the platform should Increase Decrease Cushion
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the to the lowest If this the permanently Next, the cord. CAUTION: You to pounds to lower, or the the of the the location indicated the arrow the right. To the of and back straight. the to with rather than back. the about to the right to the shown and the firmly. hand, the to the and the the catch with the Then, release the that the the catch. To the or from the the of sunlight. the the age HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL the the to the as that the the catch. the and foot of the the back freely the the to the location. To the of while the to the foot of the and the the Catch Closed
HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with right as shown. hand, the to the and the the Then, release the the firmly with both and the to the To the of and back straight. Catch
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the If further please the front of this PROBLEM: The SOLUTION: that the and that the properly grounded only single-outlet that of the specifications The with outlets. that the the the reset/off located the the cord. If the switch as shown, the tripped. To the and then the switch back PROBLEM: The off SOLUTION: the reset/off If the tripped, and then the switch back that the If the and then back the from the and then PROBLEM: The displays of the function properly SOLUTION: the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. Next, the screws from the and the the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If necessary, screwdriver to the Switch slightly. the that the Screws the from which they the to reading. Top
PROBLEM: The when SOLUTION: single-outlet that of the specifications If the and the permanently the and UN- PLUG THE POWER CORD the included wrench, both counterclockwise of turn. the properly tight- should to each of the to inches off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. If the when please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The off-center or when SOLUTION: If the off-center, first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD If the shifted to the the wrench to the clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, the counterclockwise of turn. to the Then, the the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the wrench, both clockwise of turn. the correctly tight- should to each of the to inches off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. PROBLEM: The function properly SOLUTION: If the function properly, CHEST PULSE SENSOR TROUBLE- SHOOTING If the function properly, the should To the battery, the the back of the the the cover and the cover counterclockwise to the the cover. Next, the from the CR that the writing top. that the the the cover and to the closed Rear Battery Battery
EXERCISE GUIDELINES WARNING: this or This the of or with existing health The factors, including the the of heart readings. The as heart The following to informa- tion, or physician. EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to or to strengthen the to the to with the intensity. The found using heart as The chart below shows heart rates burning and To the heart first age the of the chart rounded off to the years). Next, the three The three train- The recommended heart rates the highest the recommended heart To effectively, relatively of the first of easily the first to If to burn the or of the tread- heart the lowest the or of the heart the If to strengthen activity that amounts of prolonged of This increases the the heart to to the and the to the the or of the heart near the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES should include the following three Warm-up each with to of stretching and light creases heart and tion increase the of to the first of than Breathe and as breath. Cool-down each with to of stretching to cool This increase the of and EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months, to each The to to and of
PART EPTL19605.0 R1205A To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING attached the of this Qty. Qty. Qty. Foot Cover Screw Foot Decal Screw Cushion Cushion Housing Screw Latch Warning Decal Platform Screw, Rear Catch Platform Rear Rear Screw Washer Washer Arm Arm Arm Arm CD Switch Switch Bracket Ground Plate Washer Top Screw Right Cord Access Wire, Cover Screw Plate Washer Screw Wrench Right Rear Rear Foot Rear Washer Platform Wrench Platform Screw Assembly Upright Washer Screw Upright Shock Right Upright Right Foot Screw Decal Stop Bracket Upright Screw Screw Foot Right Chest Chest Strap Chest Platform Platform Wire, Wire, #These illustrated
R1205A EXPLODED EPTL19605.0
R1205A EXPLODED EPTL19605.0
HOW TO ORDER REPLACEMENT PARTS To please the front cover of this To to the following information: the MODEL NUMBER of the (EPTL19605.0) the NAME of the (EPIC MX the SERIAL NUMBER of the the front cover of this the KEY NUMBER and DESCRIPTION of the the PART LIST ICON Health Inc. (ICON), warrants this to free from workmanship and and service The warranted years the of purchase. and warranted years the of purchase. This warranty only to the purchaser. this warranty to or option, the through of its authorized service which warranty pre-authorized ICON. If the shipped to service freight charges to and from the service the responsibility. service, the charge. This warranty to or to caused or attributable to freight or or repairs ICON authorized service products or or products as other warranty that specifically forth authorized ICON. ICON or indirect, or of or nection with the or performance of the or with to of property, of or profits, of or of or or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other and warranties of merchantability or its and to the forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which from to R1205A Printed USA ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON HEALTH FITNESS, INC., S. W., LOGAN, UT