www.iconfitness.com EPTL69011.0 the the reference. Decal QUESTIONS? If or or DO NOT CON- TACT THE STORE; please Customer IMPORTANT: Please this the warranty the back of this Customer CALL TOLL-FREE: MT MT ON THE WEB: www.iconservice.com CAUTION and tions this using this this reference. USERS MANUAL
TABLE OF CONTENTS WARNING DECAL PLACEMENT IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING EXERCISE GUIDELINES PART LIST EXPLODED DRAWING ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS LIMITED WARRANTY WARNING DECAL PLACEMENT This shows the locations of the If or the the front cover of this and free Apply the the location shown. The shown
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of serious and structions this and using ICON responsibility or property or through the of this physician. This age or with health It the responsibility of the to that users of this of and the as the from and the or covered or the with least of clearance and each the that To the or from the the where products or where age and from the The should or allow than the Wear clothes when using the wear clothes that become the Athletic clothes recommended both and wear ath- the with wearing or the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. single-outlet that of the specifications To purchase EPIC or the telephone the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the or unexpectedly, which and serious the and the from heated the while the turned off. the the or or the properly. TROU- BLESHOOTING the properly.) Read, and the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the while the the while the The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The as heart
the while the the cord, and the switch the off when the the the of the switch.) to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to to lower, or the or the that the holding the securely the the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Inspect and properly tighten of the regularly. DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the and procedures this the instructed to authorized Servicing other than the this should authorized service only. This in-home only. this or institutional serious or death. If or while exercising, immediately and cool
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Thank selecting the revolutionary EPIC CT The CT offers selection of features to and effective. when exercising, the than the of other this the If read- Length: Width: Accessory Switch Foot Screws Upright this please the front cover of this To please the and contacting The and the location of the shown the front cover of this reading further, please the below and with the Cord Platform Cushion Key/Clip
ASSEMBLY To hire authorized service technician to the Assembly the cleared and of the assembly completed. The of the coated with high-performance to the top of the or the This and performance. If there top of the off the with cloth and cleaner. Assembly the included and screwdriver wrench and the below to the assembly The parentheses below each the of the from the PART LIST the of this The the parentheses the assembly. If the to preattached to of the to assembled. To assembly. included. Washer Screw Screw Screw Washer Screw Washer Foot Screw Head Screw Screw Screw Screw
that the With the of the its Partially the that the the the the Upright to the the indicated the and the to the Upright of the to the the locations shown with Screws and Foot Spacers Then, the other with Screws the the the Upright to the with and the the freely. Press the
the Right Upright and the Right Upright which with Right the Upright through the Right Upright as shown. the Right Upright the and C. that the Right Upright the If necessary, the Right Upright and the Right Upright the A. the the Right Upright securely around the of the Upright Then, the other of the the Upright routed completely through the Right Upright. Screw the of the Right Upright Screw with Washer the Right Upright and the Screw Spacer. this with Screw Screw and Washer the Right Upright the Right Upright to the Upright the Screws the heads of the Screws the Upright; the Screws C Correct Incorrect
With the of the its right Partially the that the the to the with and the the freely. Press the Screw the of the Upright Screw with Washer the Upright and the Screw Spacer. this with Screw Screw and Washer the Upright and the Upright the and C that the Upright the If necessary, turn the Upright and Tighten the Screws the heads of the Screws the Upright; the Screws With the of the tread- that the the
the Upright the Upright the Upright the the from the the If the Cage back the to the Upright with Head Screws and with Washer the Screws and the Right Upright the Right Upright the from the the Right If necessary, the Cage back the Right the Right Upright the Upright through the the of the Right the Upright of the of the Right the Right to the Right Upright with Head Screws and with Washer the Screws and the assembly soft to scratching the the Screws off the the Screws. Assembly Bracket
the to the with four Screws and four Washers the Screws the the the with four Screws the Screws to the Upright the indicated 3/4"Screws first. Then, the other Screws the Screws or Next, the four Screws the four Head Screws and the shown). With the of the assembly the Right and shown). the Upright to the the The should together easily and If they and IF THE CONNECTORS ARE NOT CON- NECTED PROPERLY, THE CONSOLE MAY BE DAMAGED WHEN YOU TURN ON THE POWER. the from the Upright Wire. the Ground to the ground from the assembly. Assembly First
the assembly the and Right to wires. the Upright the Right the assembly to the with Screws Screws of them. the to the assembly with four Screws the Right Upright Cover the assembly. the the Right Upright with the the Right Upright the Right Upright with Screws the Upright to the Upright the and Tighten the Screws Assembly Assembly
If necessary, the and Right the assembly. the to the shown. the this completed. the that the and the Latch oriented as shown. the of the to the the with and the of the to the with Screw It to the back and forth to the with the the HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE that properly the If there of the the plastic. To the or the included. the included the to the and Assembly
OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT features with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the platform. HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the creases the of shock. with or serviceman whether the properly grounded. the the outlet other To the of with the right). To purchase single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether functioning properly. to properly functioning age the of the tion This grounded. If should tion or grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This and grounding the and the outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. IMPORTANT: The with outlets and with outlets. This temporary to the to properly grounded outlet Screw The temporary should properly grounded outlet The ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded cover. The screw. outlet covers grounded. to the outlet cover grounded Grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded Grounding
CONSOLE DIAGRAM FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The offers of to and the of the selected, the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart the the offers Each the and of the as through effective The features the interactive The the to interactive containing to pounds with the the while the of trainer coaches through of To purchase to www.iFit.com or the phone the front cover of this stores. You to or with the sound while To the To the To To To the information To the sound IMPORTANT: If there of the the plastic. To to the wear athletic while the The first the tread- used, the of the and the The and or To which of selected or to the of THE INFORMATION MODE simplicity, instructions this section to
HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER IMPORTANT: If the to allow to to turning the If this, the displays or other the Next, the switch the tread- the cord. Press the switch the IMPORTANT: The to the played If the displays light as as the and the switch the the turned To off the the Stop seconds. If the displays THE INFORMATION MODE to off the Next, the foot of the the attached to the and the the of clothes. Then, the the the displays light. IMPORTANT: the from the causing the to to the backward; the pulled from the the of the The first the the the to the and then to the HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the the the the selected and track appear the If selected, the and then the To the the the increase button, or of the tons numbered through If the or the increase button, the to the of the as the crease and buttons. Each of the buttons, the the the of the buttons, the to reach the selected If of the buttons, the it reaches the selected To the the To the the the increase or of the tons numbered through
the of the as To the of the the increase and crease or of the numbered buttons. the increase or the If of the buttons, the to the selected the buttons, the to reach the selected with the and the displays. The the lected, the track that the around the light the The then and the to light the lected, this the lected, the the the rather than the This shows the that or This the seconds, each the This shows the of burned. The heart when the or the when the crease or This shows the of the To the displays, the Stop the and then the heart using the first the sheets of from the that clean. To the the foot and the detected, appear the and then heart shown. the heart reading, to the about seconds. Turn the The and high Press the repeatedly to or to off the If the when the the off finished exercising, the from the the foot the Stop and the of the to the lowest The the lowest or the when to the Next, the from the and finished the the switch the off and the cord. IMPORTANT: If this, the wear prematurely.
HOW TO USE PRESET WORKOUT the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To of the buttons repeatedly. selected, the the the of burn, and the of the appear the displays. of the of the the the Press the or the increase to the the the to the first and of the the and Each One and each The and/or the the The flashing of the the of the The height of the flash- the the At the of each of tones sound and the of the to flash. If or the the or the to The then to the and the The of the of that the The of that tion, manually the or of the the the of affected. The this the of the flashes the and the The then to If the or too high or too the manually the pressing the or buttons; however, when the of the the matically to the and the To the the Stop To the the The to the of the the to the and the with the and the displays. heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE AN IFIT WORKOUT To purchase to www.iFit.com or the telephone the front cover of this stores. the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER and To the that the oriented the face-down and the the correctly the light Next, the crease and to the selected, the ration, the the and the of the the displays. of the of the the Each One and each The and/or Card the Press the or the increase to the the button, the to the first and of the the and the the of through the If the or the too high or too manually the the or buttons; however, when the the to the and the To the the To the the or the increase The to the of the the to the and the with the and the displays. heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the CAUTION: from the when them.
THE INFORMATION MODE The features information that of the of hours that the and the that the The information allows to or as the of and to and off the To the information the Stop while the the and then release the Stop the information selected, the following information shown: The the of hours the used. The the of (or that the E English or M appear the Press the increase to the of The features to the displayed While the turned the function normally when the cord, the switch the and the the when the the displays although the function. If the turned the while the information selected. To or off the the To the information the from the HOW TO USE THE STEREO SOUND SYSTEM To or through the MP3 player, CD player, or other to the through the To the the and the the Then, the MP3 CD or other that the Next, the ton MP3 player, CD or other the or the increase and buttons the If CD and the CD the CD the or another instead of the Increase Decrease
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL To the the to the lowest the Then, the and the cord. CAUTION: You to to lower, or the the the location shown the arrow below. CAUTION: the the foot and back straight. the the the CAUTION: that the To the or the the of sunlight. the the C). HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL the as the CAUTION: that the locked the the tread- the and of the handrails, and foot back the the the and to the location. CAUTION: the without back, the and the foot wheel, and the HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with right hand. the to the necessary, the slightly. the inches, and release the the the with both and to the CAUTION: the the foot and the and back straight.
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the listed. If further assis- the front cover of this SYMPTOM: The that the and that the properly grounded outlet only single-outlet that of the specifications IMPORTANT: The with outlets and with outlets. the that the the the switch located the the cord. If the switch as shown, the switch tripped. To the switch, and then the switch back Tripped SYMPTOM: The off the switch the If the switch tripped, and then the switch back that the If the and then back the from the and then If the please the front cover of this SYMPTOM: The displays when the from the The to the If the displays when the the turned To off the the seconds. If the displays THE INFORMATION MODE to off the SYMPTOM: The displays of the function properly the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. With the of the Uprights If there three Screws the of the them. screwdriver with least required. Then, the Uprights
Next, the three Screws and the off. the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If necessary, the Head Screw the Switch slightly, and then the Screw. the shown). the Screws shown) necessary. the to reading. Top SYMPTOM: The of the correctly With the the of the buttons. While the the seconds, the The to the and then to the This the SYMPTOM: The when single-outlet that of the specifications If the and the the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. the both screws counterclockwise, of turn. the properly should to each of the to to off the to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly Screws If the when the front of this
SYMPTOM: The off-center or when If the off-center, first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. If the shifted to the the to the screw clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, the screw counterclock- of turn. to the Then, the cord, the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. the both screws clockwise, of turn. the correctly tightened, should to each of the to to off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened.
EXERCISE GUIDELINES WARNING: this or This age or with health The factors the of heart readings. The as heart These to information, or physician. and EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to burn or to strengthen the the to You heart as to the intensity The chart below shows recommended heart rates burning and To the age the of the chart rounded off to the near- years). The three age The lowest the heart the the heart and the highest the heart To effectively, intensity of the first of the first of to If to the of heart the lowest with heart the training If to strengthen which activity that amounts of prolonged of the of heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES Warming with to of stretching and light increases heart and to with heart the first of heart than Breathe and as breath. Cooling with to of Stretching increases the flexibility of and to EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months of to each the to to and of life.
PART LIST EPTL69011.0 R0211A To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING the of this Qty. Qty. Screw Screw Head Screw Screw Screw Screw Screw Washer Washer Washer Screw Screw Screw Head Screw Head Screw Screw Screw Screw Screw Bright Screw Screw Screw Screw Screw Washer Washer Cage Foot Decal Foot Warning Decal Platform Cushion Platform Screw Right Foot Bracket Ground Right Rear Foot Rear Foot Cord Switch Switch Switch Upright Right Upright Right Upright Right Upright Upright Upright Foot Right Upright Decal Foot Key/Clip
Qty. Qty. Right Specifications to without information about the back cover of this *These illustrated. Access
EXPLODED DRAWING EPTL69011.0 R0211A
EXPLODED DRAWING EPTL69011.0 R0211A
EXPLODED DRAWING C EPTL69011.0 R0211A
EXPLODED DRAWING EPTL69011.0 R0211A
ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS To please the front cover of this To to the following information when contacting the and of the the front cover of this the of the the front cover of this the and of the the PART LIST and the EXPLODED DRAWING the of this IMPORTANT: You this within of the purchase to service warranty. to www.iconservice.com/registration. ICON Health Inc. (ICON) warrants this to free from workmanship and and service The warranted twenty-five years from the of purchase. and warranted from the of purchase. This warranty to the purchaser. ICONs this warranty to or replacing, ICONs option, the through of its authorized service which warranty preauthorized ICON. If the shipped to service freight charges to and from the service the responsibility. shipped while the warranty, the charge. in-home service, the charge. This warranty to to caused or attributable to freight or or repairs ICON authorized service to products or or as or to or purchased the US. other warranty that specifically forth autho- ICON. ICON or indirect, or of or nection with the or performance of the with to of property, of or profits, of or or of or installation; or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other warranties, and warranties of merchantability or their and to the terms forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights that from to R0211A Printed USA ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON Health Inc., S. W., UT