EPTL09106.0 Decal QUESTIONS? to satisfaction. If or or PLEASE CONTACT OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT DIRECTLY. CALL TOLL-FREE: MST ON THE WEB: www.iconservice.com CAUTION and tions this this this reference. USER'S MANUAL
TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING CONDITIONING GUIDELINES PART LIST ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS Cover LIMITED WARRANTY Cover EXPLODED DRAWING attached the of this
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of burns, fire, shock, or to the following and information operating the It the responsibility of the to that users of this of and the only as the with least of clearance and each the that To the or from the the from and the or covered or the where products or where the age of and from the The should pounds or allow than the Wear clothes when the wear clothes that become caught the Athletic clothes recommended both and wear athletic the with wearing or the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. single-outlet that of the specifications To purchase EPIC or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the or unexpectedly, which and serious injury. the and the from heated the while the off. the the or or the properly. TROU- BLESHOOTING the properly.) Read, and the using the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the while the the while the The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The only as heart the while the the cord, and switch the reset/off to the off when the the the location of the
to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to pounds to lower, or the or the that the closed. Inspect and properly of the regularly. DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the and procedures this the instructed to authorized Servicing other than the this should authorized service only. The in-home only. the or institutional If or nected, that the or grounded to protection and built-up charges. Section of the National ANSI/NFPA information with to grounding of the and grounding of the lead-in to of location of to grounding and the grounding should cated the of overhead or other light or or where it such or should to from touching such or as with them might To reduce the of shock, the cover or the back of the There serviceable servicing to service of service or repairs to the or the the service to to firm that the operating tion. AWG AWG AWG or wire, or as ground wire. lead-in and ground wires to the house with stand-off from to to Mount as as to where the lead-in the house. than AWG or the when antenna-grounding used. NEC Section to CATV This to the CATV to of the NEC that grounding and, that the ground nected to the of the as to the of as
Service Grounding Water WARNING: this or physician. This the of or with health instructions ICON responsibility or property or through the of this The shown the If or the toll-free phone the front cover of this and Apply the the location shown. Service Conductors Service Ground SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To of Unit Optional Grounding The Earth (If NEC Section Standoff Lead-in
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Thank selecting the revolutionary EPIC MX The MX offers of to and effective. when exercising, the MX than the of other this the If Water Television/Console bottle included) Upright Foot BACK Rear reading this please the front cover of this To the and calling. The of the EPTL09106.0. The found attached to the tread- the front cover of this the location). reading further, please the below and with the Cushioned Platform RIGHT SIDE Key/Clip
ASSEMBLY To hire authorized service to the toll-free Assembly the cleared and of the assembly completed. The of the coated with high-performance amount of to the top of the or the This and If there top of the off the with cloth and cleaner. Assembly the included and screwdriver and the below to the assembly. If the to to of the to assembled. To assembly. that the With the of the its as shown. Partially the the the completely assembled. four shown) to the of the Uprights with four Screws the of the Uprights as shown. the of the Next, with Washers the top of the and the the With the of the tread- its other the other shown) as Screw Washer
With the of the Uprights to the the assembly the Uprights as shown. the sembly and the the the Upright to the right Upright Next, the Upright to the to the properly the The should together easily and If the together easily and turn and then try IF THE CONNECTORS ARE NOT CONNECTED PROPERLY, THE CONSOLE MAY BE DAMAGED WHEN THE POWER IS TURNED ON. the assembly and the TV the the Upright TV to the Upright the Upright TV to the TV the assembly. the and the TV the Uprights the assembly the Uprights to pinching the and the TV While the assembly, with four and four Washers as shown; four and then firmly tighten them. Assembly Assembly Assembly TV TV
Press the Housing the Upright necessary, to the Housing. the from the that the and the the If there each of the Next, the the Housing Then, the back the the as and the as The to the and then to the the the HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL Next, the of the the the of the Uprights the or the of screwdriver, the of the to from the Next, the and of the to the included. Press the of the the the Next, the of the of the the of the Then, the the the to the from the of the as If necessary, the to the of the with the the the Next, the increase and buttons the the the with the of the the of the the It to the of the the while the the the indicated the of the Then, the the Press the the the lowest Then, the cord. Bracket Bracket
the location of the the the to properly, CATV or VCR connected to the that properly the If there of clear the the plastic. To the or the tread- included. the included the to the If purchase the optional follow the below to the included with the that the from the and that the the indicated Screws from the back of the the the (A) to the indicated the the the oriented as shown. Next, the from the back of the receiver, and the the the location shown that wires pinched. the with the Screws the other wires included with the receiver.
the used, CATV or VCR to the the or included. HOW TO CONNECT AN ANTENNA VHF the tion. the from the to to the to the the the cord. to weathering that reduce Inspect and the lead-in the to Screwdriver to VHF to Combination VHF/UHF CATV CATV the the of this the from the to to the to the the the cord. VHF CATV the near the of this the CATV from the to the the the cord. HOW TO CONNECT OHM CATV CABLE CATV to the the the cord. HOW TO CONNECT VCR of CATV to the VCR. the of VCR. VCR grounding instructions. the CATV to the the the cord. To the with VCR, that the VCR that or lected, and that CATV
OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT coated with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the platform. the and HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the increased of shock. with or service- as to whether the properly grounded. the with the productif the other type of sophisticated seriously and interference from weather or from other turned or off. To the of with the right). To purchase EPIC or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and or single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The UL rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether functioning properly. to properly functioning to the of the If the the or which and serious This grounded. If should tion or grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding the and the that properly and grounded with and ordinances. The with outlets. This and grounding that the trated below. temporary that the to the to as shown properly grounded Grounded Screw The temporary should properly grounded outlet The green-colored ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded outlet cover. the screw. outlet covers grounded. to the cover grounded Grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded
FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The offers of to and the of the selected, the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart the or the optional information about the optional the offers the and of the as through You and them memory heart offered. Each the and of the to heart heart while The heart the of the optional Whether the or the shows of choice the while To the of the follow the To To heart To and and To the If there of clear the of the off the plastic. To to the platform, wear athletic while using the The first the used, the of the and the
HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the Next, the reset/off the cord. that the the Next, the foot of the the attached to the the and the securely to the of clothes. Then, the the the displays light, and the the from the causing the to to the the pulled from the If the pulled from the the of the as HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select the the the lected. If selected the the (PRGM.) ton repeatedly appears the the To the the the increase or of the buttons. If the or the increase pressed, the to the of the as the crease and buttons. Each pressed, the the of the buttons pressed, the to reach the selected If of the buttons pressed, the increase reaches the selected To the the Stop The to the To the the the increase or of the buttons. the of the as To the of the the buttons. pressed, the To the quickly, the buttons. the pressed, the to reach the selected Follow with the displays. The This the selected heart or this the the instead of the the selected, the track. the tors around the appear the track appears. The then the to appear
The right This the that or the of the the of the and the of and FAT BURNING This heart when the or the optional The and or The MPH or appear the right to which of selected. To the of HOW TO USE THE INFORMATION MODE simplicity, instructions this section to To the displays, the Stop the and then the Measure heart If the and the optional the the heart rately. the the of clear from the that clean. Next, the with resting the detected, the heart-shaped the right each heart beats, or appear, and then heart shown. the heart reading, to the about seconds. Turn the To the the To the high the To off the the third If the when the the off finished exercising, the from the the foot the Stop and the of the to the lowest The the when the to the tion or the become Next, the from the and If the displays the the the HOW TO USE THE INFOR- MATION MODE and off the finished the switch the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO USE PRESET PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To the (PRGM.) repeatedly P-1, P-2, P-3, P-4, P-5, P-6, P-7, or P-8 appears the right selected, the of the and the the right The the of the of the the the Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and or One and each The and/or or The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the the right. three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash, and of tones sound. If the and/or of the about to change, the and/or the the right to the first the to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and the If of the the the to the the that the highest appear the If the when the to the the back The this the the shown the and the The then to If the or too high or too the manually the the or buttons. Every pressed, appear or appear the (If of the to the right of the the of as the appear or those as the of the the to the and the To the the Stop The to the To the the or the increase button. The to the of the the cally to the and the
Follow with the displays. heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the the that the of the the lowest Next, the from the and If the and the the the HOW TO USE THE INFORMATION MODE and off the finished the switch the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO USE HEART RATE PROGRAM heart heart reach of age-predicted heart age-predicted heart subtracting age from years dicted heart heart heart heart that CAUTION: If heart or years of age and inactive, the heart If larly, physician to whether the heart Follow the below to heart You wear the optional to heart While the chest the the the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select heart To heart the (PRGM.) repeatedly P-9 or P-10 appears the right If heart selected, of the heart of the appear the the If heart selected, the the Each heartbeat detected, appear. heart the If heart selected, the RATE appear the and the heart of the to flash. If the heart the increase or below the EXERCISE INTENSITY If the heart the intensity of the If heart selected, the RATE appear the and the heart the to flash. If the heart the increase or below the EXERCISE INTENSITY Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and Heart One heart each (The heart or Heart The heart shorter the
If heart selected, the heart the first shown the flashing of the The heart the shown the to the right. three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right and of tones sound. the first heart to the The heart the then shown the flashing both heart the heart to the heart the If heart too below or the heart the of the increase or to heart to the heart If the or too high or too the the with the or buttons. when the heart to the heart the of the to heart to the heart If the the PLS the right and the of the To the the Stop To the the ton or the increase The to the heart to the heart the of the cally to heart to the heart Follow with the displays. Turn the finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To the (PRGM.) repeatedly P-11 or P-12 appears the right If the three of the the If than three of appear, HOW TO USE CUSTOM PRO- GRAM Press the or the increase and the and the pressed, the to the and the the One and each The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the To and the first the and of the as pressing the and buttons. Every ton pressed, appear or the the first of the the and the memory. The three of then to the and the the shown the flashing and the as and as as to forty finished with the Stop ton The and that and the of that then memory. finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To the (PRGM.) repeatedly P-11 or P-12 appears the right selected, the of the and the the right seconds. The the of the of the the the If three of appear, HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and that previously. the and Each One and each The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the to the right. only three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash, of tones sound, the and the the right and to the The the then shown the flashing Current and the to the and that previously. The the the shown the and the The then to If the while using To the or the the or buttons. the the memory. To increase the of the first the Then, the and and as as as as the Stop To the of the the the To the the Stop The to the To the the ton or the increase Follow with the displays. heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO OPERATE THE PERSONAL TELEVISION IMPORTANT: operating the CATV or VCR to the the tread- instructions. Follow the below to the the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Turn the the the matically If turned off the turn the On/Off Press the (CHAN.) buttons to the the turned the the that selected. To the buttons. The selected appear the seconds. The with function that allows to directly from the to the memory. selected this they the memory. HOW TO USE THE INFORMATION MODE the right. Press the (VOL.) buttons to the pressed, the appear the screen seconds. To temporarily the sound, the Press the to to the To ear- or headphones included), them the headphone the finished the the On/Off Press the On/Off to off the the from the off the HOW TO USE THE INFORMATION MODE The features information that allows to information, of the and and turn off the The information to the of the and to the memory. Follow the below to the information the Stop while the the the information selected, the of the right the of or that the and the of the the of hours that the used. the right the E English or the M Press the increase to the of IMPORTANT: If the appears the right the selected. This to when displayed the lected, the the from the and the and the cally light The the function. If appears the right when the information selected, the Press the On/Off and the brightness, sharpness, and/or of the seconds the On/Off pressed, the appear the Press the repeatedly to the brightness Next, the buttons repeatedly the sharpness, or pears. each the buttons.
Press the On/Off and or the memory below), manually or To or first the the appears the Then, the increase to the or the to the this and Press the On/Off and or the On/Off pressed, the to the the increase to the the to the IRC or the crease to the HRC The that appear the If connected to the the should selected. If connected CATV of the three should selected; three necessary, to the Press the On/Off and the memory. the On/Off pressed, the of the detected the detected, the memory and the selected. This the high- reached. the while the finished the information the To the information while the the from the THE OPTIONAL CHEST PULSE SENSOR optional hands-free and allows to the heart To purchase the optional the toll-free telephone the front cover of this
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the to the lowest If this the manently Next, the cord. CAUTION: You to pounds to lower, or the the the location shown the arrow the right. CAUTION: To the of the the foot and back straight. the to with rather than back. the about to the right to the shown and the firmly. hand, the to the and the the catch the Then, release the that the catch securely the To the or from the the of light. the the HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL the the to the as that the catch the the of the handrails. foot of the the back freely the front the to the location. To the of while the the foot of the and the resting the Catch
HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with right hand. the to the and the the catch the the with both and to the CAUTION: To the of the the foot the to the to and back straight. Catch
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the If further please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The SOLUTION: that the and that the properly grounded single-outlet that of the The with outlets. the that the the the reset/off located the the cord. If the switch as shown, the tripped. To the and then the switch back PROBLEM: The off SOLUTION: the reset/off the If the tripped, and then the switch back that the If the and then back the from the the the If the please the front of this PROBLEM: The of the correctly SOLUTION: With the the of the buttons. While the the seconds, the The to the and then to the This the PROBLEM: The of the function properly SOLUTION: the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. With the of the Uprights as shown. Next, the three Screws and the three Screws screwdriver with least required. Tripped
PROBLEM: The when SOLUTION: single-outlet that of the If the and the the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the both rear counterclockwise, of turn. the properly should to each of the to inches off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. If the when please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The off-center or when SOLUTION: If the off-center, first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD If the shifted to the the to the clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, the counterclockwise of turn. to the Then, the cord, the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the turn both rear clock- of turn. the correctly should to each of the to inches off the to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. With the of the Uprights to the shown. the off. the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If necessary, the Screw the Switch slightly, and then the Screw. the and the to reading. Top Rear
PROBLEM: reception SOLUTION: the to properly, reception necessary. If that properly connected and reception. HOW TO CON- NECT AN ANTENNA the below and follow the instructions. or that appear or that or drifts)Usually this caused interference from or other the of the or other to the GhostsGhosts caused the following pathsone the and the other reflected from hills, or other the or tion of the to reception. the located the of where the the of or appear. If the to to the If of these appears when the from CATV connected, the caused the broadcast.
CONDITIONING GUIDELINES WARNING: this or This the of or with existing health The factors, including the of heart readings. The as heart The following to informa- tion, or physician. EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to or to strengthen the to the to with the intensity. The found heart as The chart below shows heart rates burning and To the heart first age the of the chart rounded off to the years). Next, the three The three train- The recommended heart rates the higher the heart To effectively, relatively of the first of easily the first to If to the and of the tread- heart the lowest the and of the heart the If to strengthen activity that amounts of prolonged of This increases the the heart to to the and the to the the and of the heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES Each should include the following three Warm-up each with to of stretching and light creases heart and tion increase the intensity of heart to the first of heart than Breathe and as breath. each with to of stretching to cool This increase the flexibility of and EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months, to each The to to and of life.
SUGGESTED STRETCHES The stretches shown the right. as bounce. Toe Touch with slightly and from hips. Allow back and shoulders to as reach as as counts, then back of and back. with Bring the of the foot and the thigh of as as counts, then each back and Calf/Achilles With front of the other, reach and back straight and back foot the front and hips the counts, then each To further stretching of the back as and With reach back and foot with other hand. Bring as to as counts, then each and hip Thigh with the of together and outward. as as counts, then and hip
PART EPTL09106.0 R1006A To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING the of this Qty. Qty. Decal Screw Screw Catch Foot Screw Washer Washer Platform Platform Screw Right Foot Right Foot Static Decal Assembly Screw Ground Washer Screw Screw Cord Bracket Rear Washer Upright Platform Rear Rear Rear Right Rear Stop Bracket Switch Bracket Switch Switch Washer Decal Warning Decal Platform Housing Access Upright Key/Clip Screw Upright Top Rear Bracket Bracket Arm Arm Arm Arm Arm Washer Arm Arm Cover Screw Upright TV Wire, 2F Wire, M/F non-illustrated Specifications to without
R1006A EXPLODED EPTL09106.0
R1006A EXPLODED EPTL09106.0
ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS To the front cover of this To please to the following information: the MODEL NUMBER of the (EPTL09106.0) the NAME of the (EPIC MX the SERIAL NUMBER of the the front cover of this the KEY NUMBER and DESCRIPTION of the the EXPLODED DRAWING the of this and the PART LIST ICON Health Inc. (ICON) warrants this to free from workmanship and and service The warranted years the of purchase. and warranted the of purchase. This warranty to the purchaser. this warranty to or option, the through of its authorized service which warranty pre-authorized ICON. If the shipped to service freight charges to and from the service the customers responsibility. service, the charge. This warranty to or to caused or attributable to freight or or repairs ICON authorized service products or or products as other warranty that specifically forth authorized ICON. ICON or indirect, or of or nection with the or performance of the or with to of property, of or profits, of or of or or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other and of merchantability or its and to the forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which from to R1006A Printed USA ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON HEALTH FITNESS, INC., S. W., LOGAN, UT