EPTL15605.0 the the reference. Decal QUESTIONS? If or there antee through from factory. TO AVOID DELAYS, PLEASE CALL DIRECT TO OUR TOLL- FREE CUSTOMER HOT LINE. The trained technicians Customer of charge to CUSTOMER HOT LINE: MST CAUTION and tions this using this this reference. USER'S MANUAL
TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY TREADMILL OPERATION HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING EXERCISE GUIDELINES PART LIST HOW TO ORDER REPLACEMENT PARTS Cover LIMITED WARRANTY Cover EXPLODED DRAWING attached the of this
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of burns, fire, shock, or to the following and information operating the It the of the to that users of this of and the only as this the with least of clearance it and each the that To the or from the the from and the or covered or the where products or the of and from the The should than pounds. allow than the Wear clothes when using the wear clothes that become caught the Athletic clothes recommended both and wear ath- shoes. the with wearing or the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. single-outlet that of the specifications To purchase EPIC or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the or unexpectedly, which and serious injury. the and the from heated the while the turned off. the the or or the properly. BEFORE YOU BEGIN the tread- properly.) Read, and the the TREADMILL OPERATION). the while the the while using the The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The only as heart the while the the cord, and the reset/off to the off when the the the location of the to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to pounds to lower, or the or the that the closed.
Inspect and properly of the every three months. or DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the and procedures scribed this the WARNING: this or physician. This the of or with health instructions ICON responsibility or property or through the of this The shown the If or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and free Apply the the location shown. The shown SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS instructed to authorized service Servicing other than the procedures this should authorized service only. The in-home only. the or institutional
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Congratulations purchasing the EPIC TM MX The MX offers of features to the of From the advanced to the cushioned platform, the MX to each fective and when exercising, the than the of this the If reading this please the front cover of this Accessory Foot Cushion Platform BACK Rear To the and The of the EPTL15605.0. The found attached to the the front cover of this the cation). To service warranty, the www.iconservice.com/registration. reading further, please the below and with the Cord RIGHT SIDE Key/Clip
ASSEMBLY Assembly the cleared and of the assembly completed. The of the coated with high-performance amount of to the top of the or the This and If there top of the off the with cloth and cleaner. Assembly the included wrench and screwdriver assembly the below. If found the to the preattached. IMPORTANT: the the the assembled or the the Right Upright which the locations. the Right Upright the as shown. the Upright the of the Right Upright and of the top. around the Upright and the Right Upright to the Upright from the Right Upright. the completed. Upright Washer
the Right Upright the the to or the Upright the Right Upright with four Upright and Washers as shown. If necessary, the of the Right Upright to the Upright with the the Upright the Upright the There wires the the Housing to the Upright with the the holding the Upright people the sembly the Upright and the Right Upright the Upright to the to the tors properly the the should together easily and If the together easily and turn and try to them. IF THE CONNECTORS ARE NOT CONNECTED PROPERLY, THE CONSOLE MAY BE DAMAGED WHEN THE POWER IS TURNED ON. the the Right Upright Next, the front of the the assembly the Right Upright and the Upright Then, the of the the Uprights. that the pinched. of Bracket Assembly
While the Upright and four Washers the Uprights and the as shown. to pinching the Upright The CD and the If these become from the them back the the HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the Uprights the Upright the of the Uprights. that properly the included. the included wrenches The wrench to the To the or the If purchase the optional follow the below to the included with the that the the indicated Screw and the Access from the of the the the the (A) to the indicated from the the the oriented as shown. the to the the Access with the included screws. that wires pinched. the Access with the Screw The other wires cluded with the Screws
TREADMILL OPERATION THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT coated with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the platform. the and HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the increased of shock. with or service- as to whether the properly grounded. the with the productif the outlet other type of sophisticated seriously and interference from weather or from other turned or off. To the of with the right). To purchase EPIC or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and or single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The UL rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether functioning properly. to properly functioning to the of the If the the or which and serious injury. This grounded. If should tion or grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding the and the outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. The with outlets. This and grounding that the trated below. temporary that the to the to as shown properly grounded Grounded Screw The temporary should properly grounded The ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded outlet cover. the screw. outlet covers grounded. to the cover grounded Grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded
FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The offers of to the of the selected, the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart the or the optional the offers Each the and of the as through heart offered. the and of the to heart within while The allows to and them memory The heart the of the optional To the of the follow the To To and and To heart HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER If there sheet of clear the the plastic. To to the platform, wear while the The first the used, the of the and the the Next, the reset/off the the cord. that the the the foot of the the tached to the the and the the of clothes. Next, the the the displays and light. the the pulled from the If the pulled from the the of the
HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select the the the selected and appear the If selected, the and it to the If to to To or the increase and buttons below the or To the buttons. To the increase and crease buttons. You to each to the crease and below the the shows of If to the crease and buttons below the the shows of or the the of the that or the of burn, and If of the The that become Press the to the the pressed, the to the and the of the as the increase and buttons. Each pressed, the the of To the quickly, of the buttons. The and or THE SPEED DISPLAY simplicity, instructions this section to To the of of the Stop buttons. The to flash. To the the or the increase the of the as To the of the the increase and crease buttons. Each pressed, the To the quickly, of the buttons. the buttons pressed, the to reach the selected
Follow with the and the displays. The the lected, the that the around the light the The then and the to light The This the of the tread- The If this the If the the lected the first heart the the the The If this the that or If the the to or or selected, the the to or the The If this the of burned. If the the of to or selected, the the of to the The The heart when the or the optional The This the of the The and or To which of selected, of the Stop buttons while the the E English or M appear the Press the increase to the of the of selected, the and then To the displays, of the Stop tons, the and then the If the tomatically to when the reached. If the when both reached.
heart You heart the or the optional If the and wear the the the heart accurately. If there of clear the the off the plastic. To the first that clean. Next, the foot and the should resting the and should touching the the and then heart shown. the heart reading, to the about seconds. finished the from the the foot of the Stop tons, and the of the to the lowest The the lowest when the to the age or the become aged. Next, the from the and If the displays and the the the the and turn off the finished the the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO USE PRESET PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To the peatedly of the or below the lights. selected, the the of the and the the The the The or The the of The the first of the The below the the and of the the the If to to To the or the the increase and buttons below the or To the the increase and buttons. To quickly, the crease and buttons. If or other accordingly. the the and accordingly. Press the to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and Each of length. One and each The and/or or The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the to the right. only three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right and of tones sound. If the and/or of the about to the and/or the to the first to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and the If of the the the to the the that the highest appear the If of the the when the to the the back
The this the the shown the and the The then to If the or too high or too the manually the the or buttons. Every pressed, light or the (If of the to the right of the the of as the light or those as the the to the and the To the temporarily, of the Stop buttons. The to flash. To the the ton or the increase the to the of the the to the and the Follow with the displays. heart finished exercising, the from the the that the of the the lowest Next, the from the and If the displays and the the the the and off the finished using the the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To the of the Custom lights. If the three of appear the If than three of appear, HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM Press the and the and the pressed, the to the and the Each One and each The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the To and the first the and of the as the and increase and buttons. Every pressed, light or the the first of the of tones sound and the and the memory. The three of then to the and the the shown the flashing and the as and as as to forty finished with of the Stop buttons The and that and the of that then memory. finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To the of the Custom lights. selected, the the of the and the the The the The the first of the If three of appear the HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM the Press the to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and Each One and each (The and/or or The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the to the right. only three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash, of tones sound, and the and the flash. the first to the The the then shown the flashing Current and the tomatically to the and that The this the the shown the and the The then to If the while using To the or the the or increase and buttons. the the memory. To increase the of the first the completed. Then, the and and as as as as of the Stop buttons To the of the of the the completed. To the temporarily, of the Stop buttons. The to flash. To the the or the increase the to the of the the tread- to the and the Follow with the displays. heart finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE HEART RATE PROGRAM CAUTION: If heart or years of age and inactive, the heart If larly, physician to whether the heart Follow the below to heart You wear the optional to heart the optional the instructions included with the optional the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select heart To heart the of the heart lights. If the first heart selected, the If the heart lected, the first heart of the appear the heart If the first heart selected, the heart the the If sired, the crease and buttons to the heart EXERCISE INTENSITY If the heart selected, the heart of the the If the increase and buttons to the heart EXER- CISE INTENSITY If the heart the of the Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and The first heart The heart the The heart One heart each The heart or If the heart selected, the heart the first shown the flashing of the The heart the shown the to the right. only three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash and of tones sound.
the first heart to the The heart the then shown the flashing both heart the heart to the heart the If heart too below or the heart the of the increase or to heart to the heart If the or too high or too the the with the or increase or crease buttons. when the heart to the heart the of the to heart to the heart If detected the the P the and the of the If this the instructions cluded with the optional To the of of the Stop buttons. To the the or the increase ton. The to the heart to the heart the and/or of the to heart to the heart Follow with the displays. finished exercising, the from the
THE INFORMATION MODE/DEMO MODE The features information that of the of hours that the and the of that the The information allows to or as the of and the infor- mation allows to and off the To the information of ther of the Stop while the the the information selected, the following information shown: The the of hours the used. The the of or that the E English or M appear the Press the crease to the of sired. IMPORTANT: The should If appears the the the This to only when displayed the the the the from the and the displays and the light although the buttons the If appears the when the information selected, the the To the information the from the HOW TO ADJUST THE CUSHIONING SYSTEM The features cushioning that the as or the To increase the of the platform, the cushion the right shown) to- the of the To the firm- ness, the cushion the front of the both the cushion The the or the the the platform should Increase THE OPTIONAL CHEST PULSE SENSOR optional as continuously heart To purchase the optional the toll-free the front cover of this Decrease Cushion
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the to the If this the permanently Next, the cord. CAUTION: You to pounds to lower, or the the of the the location indicated the arrow the right. To the of and back straight. the to with rather than back. the about to the right to the shown and the firmly. hand, the to the and the the catch with the release the that the the the catch. To the or from the the of sunlight. the the age HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL the the to the as that the the the catch. the and foot of the the back freely the the to the location. To the of while the to the foot and the the resting the Latch Catch Closed
HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with right as shown. hand, the to the and the the Then, release the the with both and to the To the of injury, and back straight. Catch
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the listed. If further please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The SOLUTION: that the and that the properly grounded outlet that of the The with outlets. that the the the reset/off located the the cord. If the switch as shown, the tripped. To the and then the switch back PROBLEM: The off SOLUTION: the reset/off If the tripped, and then the switch back that the If the and then back the from the and then PROBLEM: The displays of the function properly SOLUTION: the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. Next, the screws from the and the the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If necessary, screwdriver to the Switch slightly. the that the Screws the from which they the to reading. Top
PROBLEM: The when SOLUTION: single-outlet that of the If the and the permanently the and UN- PLUG THE POWER CORD the included wrench, both counterclockwise of turn. the properly tight- should to each of the to inches off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. If the when please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The off-center or when SOLUTION: If the off-center, first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD If the shifted to the the wrench to the rear clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, the counterclockwise of turn. to the Then, the cord, the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the wrench, both clockwise of turn. the correctly tight- should to each of the to inches off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly Rear
EXERCISE GUIDELINES WARNING: this or This the age of or with existing health The factors, including the the of heart readings. The as heart The following to informa- tion, or physician. EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to burn or to strengthen the to the to with the intensity. The found heart as The chart below shows heart rates burning and To the heart first the of the chart rounded off to the years). Next, the three The three train- The recommended heart rates the highest the recommended heart To heart the To burn effectively, relatively of the first of easily the first to If to the or of the tread- heart the the or of the heart the If to strengthen activity that amounts of prolonged of This increases the the heart to to the and the to the the or of the heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES Each should include the following three Warm-up each with to of stretching and light creases heart and tion increase the intensity of to the first of than Breathe and as breath. Cool-down each with to of stretching to cool This increase the flexibility of and EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months, to each The to to and of life.
SUGGESTED STRETCHES The basic stretches shown the right. as bounce. Toe Touch with slightly and from hips. Allow back and shoulders to as reach as as counts, then back of and back. with Bring the of the foot and it the thigh of as as counts, then each back and Calf/Achilles With front of the other, reach and back straight and back foot the front and hips the counts, then each To further stretching of the back as and With reach back and foot with other hand. Bring as to as counts, then each and hip Thigh with the of together and outward. feet as as counts, then and hip
PART EPTL15605.0 R1205A To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING attached the of this Qty. Qty. Qty. Foot Screw Foot Decal Screw Cushion Cushion Housing Screw Warning Decal Platform Screw Catch Platform Rear Rear Screw Washer Washer Arm Arm Arm Arm CD Switch Switch Bracket Plate Washer Top Screw Right Cord Access Screw Plate Screw Screw Right Rear Foot Rear Rear Washer Rear Washer Catch Screw Wrench Static Decal Screw Assembly Upright Washer Housing Upright Right Upright Right Foot Screw Decal Stop Bracket Upright Screw Screw Shock Foot Right Wire, Wire, Black Wire, #These illustrated
R1205A EXPLODED EPTL15605.0
R1205A EXPLODED EPTL15605.0
HOW TO ORDER REPLACEMENT PARTS To the front of this To please to the following information: The MODEL NUMBER of the (EPTL15605.0) The NAME of the (EPIC MX The SERIAL NUMBER of the the front cover of this The KEY NUMBER and DESCRIPTION of the the PART LIST ICON Health Inc. (ICON), warrants this to free from workmanship and and service The warranted The warranted years the of purchase. warranted years and the of purchase. This warranty to the purchaser. this warranty to or option, the through of its authorized service which warranty pre-authorized ICON. If the shipped to service freight charges to and from the service the customers responsibility. service, the charge. This warranty to or to caused or attributable to freight or or repairs ICON authorized service products or or products as other warranty that specifically forth authorized ICON. ICON or indirect, or of or nection with the or performance of the or with to of property, of or profits, of or of or or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other and warranties of merchantability or its and to the terms forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which from to R1205A Printed USA ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON HEALTH FITNESS, INC., S. W., LOGAN, UT