EPTL09106.2 Decal QUESTIONS? to If or or PLEASE CONTACT OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT DIRECTLY. CALL TOLL-FREE: MST ON THE WEB: www.iconservice.com CAUTION Read and tions this this this reference. USER'S MANUAL
TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING CONDITIONING GUIDELINES PART LIST ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS LIMITED WARRANTY Cover EXPLODED DRAWING attached the of this
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of burns, fire, shock, or to the following and information operating the It the responsibility of the to that users of this of and the as the with least of clearance and each the that To the or from the the from and the or covered or the where products or where children the age of and from the The should pounds or allow than the Wear clothes when using the wear clothes that become caught the Athletic clothes recommended both and wear athletic the with wearing or connecting the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. single-outlet that of the specifications To purchase EPIC or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the or unexpectedly, which and serious the and the from heated the while the turned off. the the or or the properly. TROU- BLESHOOTING the properly.) Read, and the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the while the the while using the The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The only as heart the while the the cord, and switch the reset/off to the off when the the the location of the
to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to pounds to lower, or the or the that the closed. Inspect and properly of the regularly. DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the and this the instructed to authorized Servicing other than the procedures this should authorized service only. The in-home only. the or institutional To reduce the of shock, the cover or the back of the There serviceable servicing to service To the and TV light- the from the outlet and the This to and of service or repairs to the or the the service to to firm that the operating tion. to CATV This to the CATV to of the NEC that grounding and, specifies that the ground connected to the grounding of the as to the of as
WARNING: this or physician. This the age of or with health instructions ICON responsibility or property or through the of this The shown the indicated tions. If or the the front cover of this and Apply the the tion shown. The shown Service Conductors Service Service Grounding Water SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Thank selecting the revolutionary EPIC MX The MX offers of features to and effective. when exercising, the MX than the of other this the If Water Television/Console bottle included) Upright Foot BACK Rear reading this please the front cover of this To the and calling. The of the EPTL09106.2. The found attached to the tread- the front cover of this the location). reading further, please the below and with the Cushioned Platform RIGHT SIDE Key/Clip
ASSEMBLY To hire authorized service to the toll-free Assembly the cleared and of the assembly completed. The of the with high-performance amount of to the top of the or the This and If there top of the off the with cloth and cleaner. Washer Assembly the included and screwdriver and the below to the assembly. If the to preattached to of the to assembled. To assembly. that the With the of the its as shown. Partially the the the completely assembled. four shown) to the of the Uprights with four Screws the of the Uprights as shown. the of the Next, with Washers the top of the and tighten the the With the of the tread- its other the other shown) as Washer Screw
With the of the Uprights to the the assembly the Uprights as shown. the sembly and the the the Upright to the right Upright Next, the Upright to the the The should together easily and If they and then IF THE CONNECTORS ARE NOT CONNECTED PROPERLY, THE CONSOLE MAY BE DAMAGED WHEN THE POWER IS TURNED ON. the assembly and the TV the the Upright TV to the Upright the Upright TV to the TV the assembly. the and the TV the Uprights the assembly the Uprights to pinching the and the TV While the assembly, with four and four Washers as shown; four and then them. Assembly Assembly Assembly TV TV
Press the Housing the Upright necessary, to the Housing. the from the that the and the the If there each of the Next, the the Latch Housing Then, the back the the as and the as The to the and then to the the the HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL Next, the of the the the of the Uprights the or the of screwdriver, the of the to from the Next, the and it of the to the included. Press the of the the the Next, the of the of the the of the Then, the the the to the from the of the as If necessary, the to the of the with the the the Next, the increase and buttons the the the with the of the Then, the of the the It to the of the the while the the the indicated the of the Then, the the Press the the the lowest Then, the cord. Bracket Bracket Bracket
the location of the the the to properly, CATV connected to the that properly the If there sheets of clear the the plastic. To the or the tread- included. the included the to the If purchase the optional follow the below to the included with the that the from the and that the the indicated Screws from the back of the the the (A) to the indicated the the the oriented as shown. Next, the from the back of the receiver, and the the the location shown that wires pinched. the with the Screws the other wires included with the receiver.
operating the CATV to the the CATV to to such as TV or VCR. CATV included. HOW TO CONNECT OHM CATV CABLE CATV to the the cord. CATV HOW TO CONNECT AN EXTERNAL SOURCE USING CATV CABLE of CATV to the the of grounding instructions. the CATV to the the cord.
OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT features coated with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the the and HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the increased of shock. Check with or service- as to whether the properly grounded. the with the productif the outlet other type of sophisticated seriously and interference from weather or from other turned or off. To the of with the right). To purchase EPIC or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and or single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The UL rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether functioning properly. to properly functioning to the of the If the the or which and serious injury. This grounded. If should tion or grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding the and the that properly and grounded with and ordinances. The with outlets. This and grounding that the trated below. temporary that the illustrated to the to as shown properly grounded outlet Grounded Screw The temporary should properly grounded The green-colored ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded outlet cover. Whenever the screw. outlet covers grounded. to the outlet cover grounded Grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded
FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The offers of to and the of the selected, the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart using the or the optional information about the optional the offers the and of the as through You and them memory heart offered. the and of the to heart near heart while The heart the of the optional Whether the or the shows of choice the while To the of the follow the To To heart To and and To the ETPF91105 If there of clear the of the off the plastic. To to the wear clean athletic while the treadmill. The first the used, the of the and the
HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER IMPORTANT: If the to allow to to turning the If this, the displays or other become the Next, the reset/off the cord. that the the Next, the foot of the the to the the and the securely to the of clothes. Then, the the the displays light, and the the pulled from the causing the to to the the from the If the pulled from the the of the as HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select the the the selected. If lected the the (PRGM.) repeatedly appears the the To the the the increase or of the buttons. If the or the increase pressed, the to the of the as the crease and buttons. Each pressed, the the of the pressed, the to reach the selected If of the buttons pressed, the increase reaches the selected To the the Stop The to the To the the the increase or of the buttons. the of the as To the of the the buttons. Each pressed, the To the quickly, the numbered buttons. the buttons pressed, the to reach the selected Follow with the The This the selected heart or this the the instead of the the selected, the track. the tors around the appear the appears. The then the to appear
The right This the that or the of the the of the and the of and FAT BURNING This heart when the or the optional The and or The MPH or appear the right to which of selected. To the of HOW TO USE THE INFORMATION MODE simplicity, instructions this section to To the displays, the the and then the heart If the and the optional the the heart rately. the the sheets of clear from the that clean. Next, the with resting the detected, the heart-shaped the right each heart or appear, and then heart shown. the heart reading, to the about seconds. Turn the To the the To the high the To off the the third If the when the the off finished exercising, the from the the foot the Stop and the of the to the lowest The the lowest when the to the tion or the become Next, the from the and If the the the the HOW TO USE THE INFOR- MATION MODE and off the finished the switch the reset/off to the off and the cord. IMPORTANT: If this, the wear prematurely.
HOW TO USE PRESET PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To the (PRGM.) repeatedly P-1, P-2, P-3, P-4, P-5, P-6, P-7, or P-8 appears the right selected, the of the and the the right The the of the of the the the Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and Each or One and each The and/or or The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the the right. only three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash, and of tones sound. If the and/or of the about to the and/or the the right to the first the to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and the If of the the the to the the that the highest appear the If the when the to the the back The this the the shown the and the The then to If the or too high or too the manually the the or buttons. Every pressed, appear or appear the (If of the to the right of the the of as the appear or those as the of the the to the and the To the the Stop The to the To the the or the increase The to the of the the cally to the and the
EXPLODED EPTL09106.2 R1207A To the shown this EXPLODED DRAWING, the PART LIST of the
EXPLODED EPTL09106.2 R1207A
Follow with the displays. heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the the that the of the the lowest Next, the from the and If the displays and the the the HOW TO USE THE INFORMATION MODE and off the finished the switch the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO USE HEART RATE PROGRAM heart heart reach of age-predicted heart age-predicted heart subtracting age from years dicted heart heart heart heart that CAUTION: If heart or years of and inactive, the heart If larly, physician to whether the heart Follow the below to heart You wear the optional to heart While using the chest the the the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select heart To heart the (PRGM.) repeatedly P-9 or P-10 appears the right If heart selected, of the heart of the appear the the If heart selected, the the heartbeat detected, appear. heart the If heart selected, the RATE appear the and the heart of the to flash. If the heart the increase or button below the EXERCISE INTENSITY If the heart the of the change. If heart selected, the RATE appear the and the heart the to flash. If the heart the increase or below the EXERCISE INTENSITY Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and Heart One heart each (The heart or Heart The heart the
If heart selected, the heart the first shown the flashing of the The heart the shown the to the right. only three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right and of tones sound. the first heart to the The heart the then shown the flashing both heart the heart to the heart the If heart too below or the heart the of the increase or to heart to the heart If the or too high or too the the with the or buttons. when the heart to the heart the of the to heart to the heart If the the PLS the right and the of the crease. To the the Stop To the the ton or the increase The to the heart to the heart the of the cally to heart to the heart Follow with the Turn the finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To the (PRGM.) repeatedly P-11 or P-12 appears the right If the three of the the If than three of appear, HOW TO USE CUSTOM PRO- GRAM Press the or the increase and the and the pressed, the to the and the the One and each The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the To and the first the and of the as the and buttons. Every ton pressed, appear or the the first of the the and the memory. The three of then to the and the the shown the flashing and the as and as as to forty finished with the Stop ton The and that and the of that then memory. finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To the (PRGM.) repeatedly P-11 or P-12 appears the right selected, the of the and the the right seconds. The the of the of the the the If three of appear, HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and that previously. the and Each One and each The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the to the right. only three seconds the first of the both the Current and the to the right flash, of tones sound, the and the flash the right and to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and that previously. The the the shown the and the The then to If the while using To the or the the or buttons. the the memory. To increase the of the first the Then, the and and as as as as the Stop To the of the the Stop the To the the The to the To the the ton or the increase Follow with the displays. Measure heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO OPERATE THE PERSONAL TELEVISION IMPORTANT: operating the CATV to the the tions. Follow the below to the the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Turn the the the matically If off the it the On/Off Press the (CHAN.) to the this through such as or VCR. the turned the the that selected. To the tons. The selected the seconds. The with function that allows to directly from the to the ory. selected this they the memory. HOW TO USE THE INFORMATION MODE the right. Press the (VOL.) buttons to the pressed, the appear the seconds. To temporarily the sound, the Press the to to the To ear- or headphones included), them the headphone the finished the the On/Off Press the On/Off to off the the from the off the HOW TO USE THE INFORMATION MODE The features information that allows to information, of the and and off the The information to the of the and to the memory. Follow the below to the information the Stop while the the the information selected, the of the right the of or that the and the of the the of hours that the used. the right the E English or the M Press the increase to the of IMPORTANT: If the appears the right the selected. This to when displayed the lected, the the from the and the and the cally light The buttons the function. If appears the right when the information selected, the Press the On/Off and the brightness, sharpness, and/or of the seconds the On/Off button pressed, the brightness appear the Press the buttons repeatedly to the Next, the buttons repeatedly the sharpness, or pears. each the buttons.
Press the On/Off and or Complete this using the ory below), manually or To or first the buttons the appears the Then, the increase to the or the to the this and Press the On/Off and If connected CATV of the three should selected; three necessary, to the Press the increase to the the to the IRC or the increase to the HRC The that appear the Press the On/Off and the memory. the On/Off pressed, the of the tected the detected, the memory and the selected. This the highest reached. the while the If through such as or VCR, the the the finished the information the To the information while the the from the THE OPTIONAL CHEST PULSE SENSOR optional and allows to the heart To purchase the optional the toll-free the front cover of this
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the to the lowest If this the manently Next, the cord. CAUTION: You to pounds to lower, or the the the location shown the arrow the right. CAUTION: To the of injury, the the foot and back straight. the to with rather than back. the about to the right to the shown and the firmly. hand, the to the and the the catch the Then, release the that the catch securely the To the or from the the of light. the the HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL the the to the as that the catch the the of the handrails. foot of the the back freely the front the to the location. To the of injury, while the the foot of the and the resting the Catch
HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with right hand. the to the and the the catch the the with both and to the CAUTION: To the of the only the foot the to the to and back straight. Catch
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the listed. If further please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The SOLUTION: that the and that the properly grounded single-outlet that of the specifications The with outlets. the that the the the reset/off located the the cord. If the switch as shown, the tripped. To the and then the switch back PROBLEM: The off SOLUTION: the reset/off the If the tripped, and then the switch back that the If the and then back the from the the the If the please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The of the correctly SOLUTION: With the the of the buttons. While the the seconds, the The to the and then to the This the PROBLEM: The of the function properly SOLUTION: the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. With the of the Uprights as shown. Next, the three Screws and the three Screws screwdriver with least Tripped
PROBLEM: The when SOLUTION: single-outlet that of the specifications If the and the the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the both counterclockwise, of turn. the properly should to each of the to inches off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. If the when please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The off-center or when SOLUTION: If the off-center, first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD If the shifted to the the to the clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, the counterclockwise of turn. to the Then, the cord, the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the both clock- of turn. the correctly tightened, should to each of the to inches off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. With the of the Uprights to the shown. the off. the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If necessary, the Screw the Switch slightly, and then the Screw. the and the to reading. Top Rear
PROBLEM: reception SOLUTION: the below and follow the instructions. or that appear or that or drifts)Usually this caused interference from or other the of other to the that the its GhostsGhosts caused the following pathsone the and the other reflected from hills, or other the the of or appear. If of these appears, the caused the reception. the
CONDITIONING GUIDELINES WARNING: this or This the of or with existing health The factors, including the of heart readings. The as heart The following to informa- tion, or physician. EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to or to strengthen the to the to with the intensity. The intensity found using heart as The chart below shows heart rates burning and To the heart first age the of the chart rounded off to the years). Next, the three The three train- The recommended heart rates the higher the heart To effectively, relatively intensity of the first of easily the first to If to the and of the tread- heart the lowest the and of the heart near the If to strengthen activity that amounts of prolonged of This increases the the heart to to the and the to the the and of the heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES should include the following three Warm-up each with to of stretching and light creases heart and tion increase the of heart to the first of heart than Breathe and as breath. Cool-down each with to of stretching to cool This increase the of and EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months, to each The to to and of life.
SUGGESTED STRETCHES The basic stretches shown the right. as bounce. Touch with slightly and from hips. Allow back and shoulders to as reach as as counts, then back of and back. with Bring the of the foot and the thigh of as as counts, then each back and Calf/Achilles With front of the other, reach and back straight and back foot the front and hips the counts, then each To further stretching of the back as and With hand reach back and foot with other hand. Bring as to as counts, then each and hip Thigh with the of together and outward. as as counts, then and hip
PART EPTL09106.2 R1207A To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING attached the of this Qty. Qty. Decal Screw Screw Catch Foot Screw Washer Washer Platform Platform Screw Right Foot Right Foot Static Decal Assembly Screw Washer Screw Screw Cord Bracket Rear Washer Upright Platform Cover Rear Rear Rear Right Rear Stop Bracket Switch Bracket Switch Switch Washer Decal Warning Decal Platform Latch Housing Access Upright Key/Clip Screw Upright Top Rear Bracket Bracket Arm Arm Arm Arm Arm Washer Arm Arm Screw Upright TV Wire, 2F Wire, M/F Specifications to without
ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS To the front cover of this To please to the following information: the MODEL NUMBER of the (EPTL09106.2) the NAME of the (EPIC MX the SERIAL NUMBER of the the front of this the KEY NUMBER and DESCRIPTION of the the EXPLODED DRAWING the of this and the PART LIST ICON Health Inc. (ICON) warrants this to from workmanship and and service The warranted years the of purchase. and warranted the of purchase. This warranty to the purchaser. this warranty to or option, the through of its authorized service which warranty pre-authorized ICON. If the shipped to service freight charges to and from the service the customers responsibility. service, the charge. This warranty to or to caused or attributable to freight or or repairs ICON authorized service products or or products as other warranty that specifically forth authorized ICON. ICON or indirect, or of or nection with the or performance of the or with to of property, of or profits, of or of or or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other warranties and of merchantability or its and to the forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which from to R1207A Printed USA ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON HEALTH FITNESS, INC., S. W., LOGAN, UT