EPTL09605.0 the the reference. Decal QUESTIONS? to If or or PLEASE CONTACT OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT DIRECTLY. CALL TOLL-FREE: MST ON THE WEB: www.iconservice.com CAUTION Read and tions this using this this reference. USER'S MANUAL
TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY TREADMILL OPERATION HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING EXERCISE GUIDELINES PART LIST HOW TO ORDER REPLACEMENT PARTS Cover LIMITED WARRANTY EXPLODED DRAWING attached the of this
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of burns, fire, shock, or to the following and information operating the It the responsibility of the to that users of this of and the only as this the with least of clearance and each the that To the or from the the from and the or covered or the where products or the age of and from the The should weighing than pounds. allow than the Wear clothes when the wear clothes that become caught the Athletic clothes recommended both and wear ath- shoes. the with wearing or connecting the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. only single-outlet that of the specifications To purchase EPIC or the toll-free the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the or unexpectedly, which and serious injury. the and the from heated the while the turned off. the the or or the properly. TROUBLESHOOTING the tread- properly.) the while the the while the Read, and the using the TREADMILL OPERATION). The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The as heart the while the the cord, and the reset/off to the off when the the the location of the to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to pounds to lower, or the
or the that the closed. Inspect and properly of the every three months. or DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the WARNING: this or physician. This the age of or with health instructions ICON responsibility or property or through the of this The shown the If or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and free Apply the the location shown. The shown SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS and scribed this the instructed to authorized service Servicing other than the procedures this should authorized service only. The in-home only. the or institutional
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Congratulations purchasing the EPIC TM MX The MX offers of features to effective and when exercising, the than the of tread- this the If reading this please the front of this To the Accessory Foot BACK Rear and The of the EPTL09605.0. The found attached to the the front cover of this the cation). To service warranty, the www.iconservice.com/registration. reading further, please the below and with the Cord Cushion Platform RIGHT SIDE Key/Clip
ASSEMBLY Assembly the cleared and of the assembly completed. The of the with high-performance amount of to the top of the or the This and If there top of the off the with cloth and cleaner. Assembly the included wrench and screwdriver and wrench assembly the below. If found the to the preattached. Screw Washer With the of the Uprights to the shown. the the assembly the Uprights as shown. the assembly and the the the Upright to the right Upright the Upright to the to the properly the The should together easily and If the together easily and and IF THE CONNECTORS ARE NOT CONNECTED PROPERLY, THE CONSOLE MAY BE DAMAGED WHEN THE POWER IS TURNED ON. Assembly
the the right Upright the assembly the Uprights While the assembly, with four and four Washers as shown. four and then them. Housing the with and the the should freely the Uprights slightly and the Housing the of the Uprights as shown. the other shown) and Housing shown) as With the of the Uprights that the Housings the of the Uprights. each Housing with Screw Next, the to the of the Uprights with Screws With the of the Uprights to the Assembly
the from the indicated the assembly. Press the the The preassembled. that properly the beneath the to the or that with the TROUBLESHOOTING section and If purchase the optional follow the below to the included with the that the the indicated Screw and the Access the from the the back of the (A). the the the of the and the as shown. the the indicated of the Access the the to the from the that wires pinched. the Access with the Screw The other wires included with the Assembly
TREADMILL OPERATION THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT features coated with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the platform. the and HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the increased of shock. with or service- as to whether the properly grounded. the with the productif the outlet other type of sophisticated seriously and interference from weather or from other turned or off. To the of with the right). To purchase EPIC or the toll-free telephone the front of this and or only single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The UL rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether functioning properly. to properly functioning to the of the If the the or which and serious This grounded. If should tion or grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding the and the outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. The with outlets. This and grounding that the trated below. temporary that the illustrated to the to as shown properly grounded outlet Screw The temporary should only properly grounded The ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded outlet cover. the screw. covers grounded. to the outlet cover grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded
FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The offers of to and the of the selected, the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart the or the optional the offers the and of the as through effective You and them memory heart offered. Each the and of the to heart heart while You wear the optional to the heart To the of the follow the To To and and To heart If there of clear the of the off the plastic. To to the wear athletic while using the The first the used, the of the and the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the the reset/off the the cord. that the the the foot of the the attached to the the and the the of clothes. Next, the the the displays light. the pulled from the causing the to to the backward; the pulled from the the of the
HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select the the the selected. If selected the to reselect the the To the the the increase or of the buttons. If the button or the increase pressed, the to the of the as the crease and buttons. pressed, the the of the buttons pressed, the to reach the selected If of the buttons pressed, the increase reaches the selected To the the The to flash the To the the the increase or of the numbered buttons. the of the as To the of the the increase and buttons. Each pressed, the To the the numbered buttons. the buttons pressed, the to reach the selected Follow with the The This the and the of the selected, this the the instead of the Each the of the the the seconds. The that the intensity of four to of the appear, the shows that the selected, the track. the tors around the appear the The then appear the to appear The right This the that or the of completed, the of the and the of and FAT BURNING Track
The right heart when the or the optional heart the right heart that shows heart as of age-predicted heart of age-predicted heart four to of the appear, heart and of age-predicted heart Heart Rate The and or The MPH or appear the right to which of selected. To the of THE IN- FORMATION MODE/DEMO MODE simplicity, instructions this section to To the the the and then the Measure heart If the and the optional the the heart accurately. using the the sheets of clear from the that clean. To the the foot and the with resting the detected, the heart-shaped the right each heart or appear, and then heart shown. the heart reading, to the about seconds. The to heart the as the when measuring heart Turn the To the the below the To turn the high the To turn off the the ton third If the when the the off finished exercising, the from the the foot the Stop and the of the to the lowest The the lowest when the to the tion or the become Next, the from the and If the displays the the the and off the finished the treadmill, switch the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO USE PRESET PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To the repeatedly. The right which (P-1 to P-6) lected. selected, the the of the seconds, and the right the The then the the the the first of the Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and One and each The and/or or The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the the right. three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash, and of tones sound. If the and/or of the about to the and/or the right to the first the to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and the If of the the the to the the that the highest appear the If the when the to the the back The this the the shown the and the The then to If the or too high or too the manually the the or buttons. Every pressed, appear or appear the (If of the to the right of the the of as the appear or those as the of the the to the and the
To the the The to the To the the or the increase The to the of the the cally to the and the Follow with the displays. heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the the that the of the the lowest Next, the from the and If the displays and the the the and off the finished the switch the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To the Custom repeatedly P-9, P-10, P- or P-12 appears the right If the three of appear the the If than three of appear, HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM Press the or the increase and the and the pressed, the to the and the the Each One and each The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the To and the first the and of the as the and buttons. Every pressed, appear or the the first of the the and the memory. The three of then to the and the the shown the flashing and the as and as as to forty finished with the Stop ton The and that and the of that then memory. finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To the Custom repeatedly P-9, P-10, P- or P-12 appears the right selected, the the of the seconds, and the right the The then the the the the first of the If only three of HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PRO- GRAM Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and that previously. the and One and each The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the to the right. three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash, of tones sound, the and the the displays, and to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and that previously. The the the shown the and the The then to If the while To the or the the or buttons. the the memory. To increase the of the first the Then, the and and as as as as the Stop To the of the the Stop the To the the Stop The to the To the the ton or the increase Follow with the displays. heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE HEART RATE PROGRAM CAUTION: If heart or years of and inactive, the heart If larly, physician to whether the heart Follow the below to heart the You wear the optional to heart While the the the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select heart To heart the Heart Rate repeatedly P-7 or P-8 appears the right If heart selected, the the If heart selected, the the the first heart of the heart heart near heart that heart heart reach approximately of age-predicted heart age-predicted heart subtracting age from years dicted heart heart the If heart selected, the PLS and the heart the to the right If sired, the heart the or the EXERCISE INTENSITY Then, the If heart selected, the PLS and the heart the to the right If the heart the or the EXERCISE INTENSITY Then, the If the heart the intensity of the The AGE and the age then to the right If already the If the or the to and then the
Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and Heart The heart the Heart One heart each The heart or If heart selected, the heart the first shown the flash- of the The heart the shown the to the right. three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right and of tones sound. the first heart to the The heart the then shown the flashing both heart the heart to the heart the If heart too below or the heart the of the increase or to heart to the heart If the or too high or too the the with the or buttons. when the heart to the heart the of the to heart to the heart If the the PLS the right and the of the If this the instructions included with the optional To the the button. To the the ton or the increase The to the heart to the heart the and/or of the to heart to the heart Follow with the displays. Turn the finished exercising, the from the
THE INFORMATION MODE/DEMO MODE The information that of information. The information allows to or as the of and to and off the To the information the button, the the and then lease the Stop the information selected, the following information shown: The the of hours that the used. The right the of (or that the the right the E English or the M Press the increase to the of IMPORTANT: If the appears the right the selected. This to only when displayed the selected, the the from the and the displays and the light although the buttons the If appears the right when the infor- mation selected, the To the information the from the THE OPTIONAL CHEST PULSE SENSOR optional to the The offers hands-free operation, and to the heart To purchase the tional the toll-free phone the front of this
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the to the lowest If this the permanently Next, the cord. CAUTION: You to pounds to lower, or the the of the the location indicated the arrow the right. To the of and back straight. the to with rather than back. the about to the right to the shown and the firmly. hand, the to the and the the catch with the the release the that the the the catch. To the or from the the of sunlight. the the age HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL the the to the as that the the the catch. the and foot of the the back freely the the to the location. To the of injury, while the to the foot wheel, and the the resting the Catch
HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with right as shown. hand, the to the and the the the Then, release the the with both and to the To the of and back straight. Catch
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the listed. If further please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The SOLUTION: that the and that the properly grounded outlet single-outlet that of the specifications The with that the the the reset/off located the the cord. If the switch as shown, the tripped. To the and then the switch back PROBLEM: The off SOLUTION: the reset/off If the tripped, and then the switch back that the If the and then back the from the and then PROBLEM: The displays of the function properly SOLUTION: the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. Next, the screws from the and the the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If necessary, screwdriver to the Switch slightly. the that the Screws the from which they the to reading. Top
PROBLEM: The when SOLUTION: single-outlet that of the specifications If the and the permanently the and UN- PLUG THE POWER CORD the included wrench, both counterclockwise of turn. the properly tight- should to each of the to inches off the platform. to the centered. the cord, the and the the properly If the when please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The off-center or when SOLUTION: If the off-center, first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD If the shifted to the the wrench to the clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, turn the counterclockwise of turn. to the Then, the cord, the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the wrench, both clockwise of turn. the correctly tight- should to each of the to inches off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. Rear
EXERCISE GUIDELINES WARNING: this or This the of or with existing health The factors, including the the of heart readings. The as heart The following to informa- tion, or physician. EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to or to strengthen the to the to with the intensity. The found using heart as The chart below shows heart rates burning and To the heart first the of the chart rounded off to the years). Next, the three The three train- The recommended heart rates the highest the recommended heart To burn effectively, relatively of the first of easily the first to If to burn the or of the tread- heart the lowest the or of the heart the If to strengthen activity that amounts of prolonged of This increases the the heart to to the and the to the the or of the heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES should include the following three Warm-up each with to of stretching and light creases heart and tion increase the of to the first of than Breathe and as breath. Cool-down each with to of stretching to cool This increase the of and EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months, to each The to to and of life.
SUGGESTED STRETCHES The basic stretches shown the right. as bounce. with slightly and from hips. Allow back and shoulders to as reach as as counts, then back of and back. with Bring the of the foot and the thigh of as as counts, then each back and Calf/Achilles With front of the other, reach and back straight and back foot the front and hips the counts, then each To further stretching of the back as and With reach back and foot with other hand. Bring as to as counts, then each and hip Thigh with the of together and outward. as as counts, then and hip
NOTES
PART EPTL09605.0 R1105A To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING attached the of this Qty. Qty. Qty. Foot Screw Foot Top Right Top Right Housing Screw Warning Decal Platform Screw Catch Platform Platform Screw Screw Washer Arm Arm Arm Arm Arm Washer Switch Housing Switch Bracket Plate Washer Top Screw Cord Screw Screw Screw Right Screw Screw Wrench Rear Right Rear Foot Rear Rear Washer Washer Key/Clip Upright Assembly Washer Static Decal Rear Access Right Foot Screw Upright Upright Decal Stop Bracket Plate Screw Foot Screw Washer Wire, #These illustrated
R1105A EXPLODED EPTL09605.0
R1105A EXPLODED EPTL09605.0
HOW TO ORDER REPLACEMENT PARTS To please the front cover of this To please to the following information: the MODEL NUMBER of the (EPTL09605.0) the NAME of the (EPIC MX the SERIAL NUMBER of the the front cover of this the KEY NUMBER and DESCRIPTION of the the PART LIST ICON Health Inc. (ICON), warrants this to free from workmanship and and service The warranted years the of purchase. and warranted the of purchase. This warranty to the purchaser. this warranty to or option, the through of its authorized service which warranty pre-authorized ICON. If the shipped to service freight charges to and from the service the responsibility. service, the charge. This warranty to or to caused or to freight or or repairs ICON authorized service products or or products as other warranty that specifically forth authorized ICON. ICON or indirect, or of or nection with the or performance of the or with to of property, of or profits, of or of or installation or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other and of merchantability or its and to the forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which from to R1105A Printed USA ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON HEALTH FITNESS, INC., S. W., LOGAN, UT