EPTL88105.0 the the reference. Decal QUESTIONS? to satisfaction. If or or PLEASE CONTACT OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT DIRECTLY. CALL TOLL-FREE: MST ON THE WEB: www.iconservice.com CAUTION and tions this this this reference. USER'S MANUAL
TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY TREADMILL OPERATION HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING EXERCISE GUIDELINES PART LIST HOW TO ORDER REPLACEMENT PARTS LIMITED WARRANTY EXPLODED DRAWING attached the of this
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of burns, fire, shock, or to the following and information operating the It the responsibility of the to that of this of and the only as this the with least of clearance each and inches front. the that To the or from the the from and the or covered or the where products or the age of and from the The should than pounds. allow than the Wear clothes when using the wear clothes that become caught the Athletic clothes recommended both and wear ath- the with wearing or the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. single-outlet that of the To purchase EPIC or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the or unexpectedly, which and serious injury. the and the from heated the while the turned off. the the or or the properly. TROUBLESHOOTING the tread- properly.) the while the the while the The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The as heart the while the the cord, and the reset/off to the off when the tread- the the location of the to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to pounds to lower, or the or the that the closed.
Inspect and properly of the three months. or DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the and procedures WARNING: this or physician. This the of or with health instructions ICON responsibility or property or through the of this The shown the If or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and free Apply the the location shown. The shown SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS scribed this the instructed to authorized service Servicing other than the this should authorized service only. The in-home only. the or institutional
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Congratulations purchasing the EPIC TM MX The MX offers of features to the of From the to the cushioned platform, the MX to each fective and when exercising, the than the of this the If reading this please the front cover of this Accessory Foot BACK To the and The of the EPTL88105.0. The found attached to the the front cover of this the cation). To service warranty, the www.iconservice.com/registration. reading further, please the below and with the Cord Cushioned Platform RIGHT SIDE Key/Clip FRONT
ASSEMBLY Assembly the cleared and of the assembly completed. The of the coated with high-performance amount of to the top of the or the This and If there top of the off the with cloth and cleaner. Assembly the included wrench and screwdriver assembly the below. If found the to the preattached. Screw Upright the Right Upright which the locations. the Right Upright the as shown. the Upright the of the Right Upright and of the top. around the Upright and the Right Upright to the Upright from the Right Upright. the completed. Washer Washer Screw
the Right Upright the indicated the to the Cage from the Right Upright the to the Upright three Upright with three Washers and three Washers the Right Upright and the the Upright this with the Upright shown). There the With the of the Right Upright and the Upright shown) of the as shown, and the with and the other as the the should freely. With the of the Uprights they with the the Uprights to the the the four and the four Spacers to the of the with four Screws One included. the to that becomes worn. With the of the tread- the four resting the and the Uprights Bracket
the Catch to the of the with Screws With the of the to to the the the other the completed. the of the Shock the the of the the or the of screwdriver, the of the Shock to from the Next, the Shock and of the to the Shock the the shown. Press the of the the the the the indicated the of the Shock Then, the Shock it the Shock included. the from the of the Next, the of the Shock the the the If necessary, the and the to the of the Shock with the the the of the of the the of the Shock Then, the the With the of the to the Bracket Bracket Bracket Bracket
the holding the Upright people the the Upright and the Right Upright the Upright to the wire. to the properly the the should to- gether easily and If the together easily and and to them. IF THE CON- NECTORS ARE NOT CONNECTED PROPERLY, THE CONSOLE MAY BE DAMAGED WHEN THE POWER IS TURNED ON. the Upright and the the Right Upright Next, the the assembly the Upright and the Right Upright. to the wires. While the the assembly to the Uprights with four Upright four Washers and four Washers four Upright tight- them. The Accessory and the Right Accessory If these from the assembly, them back the from the that the and the the If there each of the Next, the the the of the Then, the back the Assembly Bracket Assembly
the the HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the Uprights Tighten the Upright the of the Uprights that properly the included. the included wrench the wrench to the To the or the If purchase the optional follow the below to the included with the that the the indicated Screw and the from the of the the the (A) to the indicated from the the the oriented as shown. the to the the Access with the included screws. that wires pinched. the Access with the Screw The other wires cluded with the Screws
TREADMILL OPERATION THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT coated with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the platform. the and HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the increased of shock. with or service- as to whether the properly grounded. the with the productif the outlet other type of sophisticated seriously and interference from weather or from other turned or off. To the of with the right). To purchase EPIC or the toll-free the front cover of this and or single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The UL rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether functioning properly. to properly functioning to the of the If the the or which and serious This grounded. If should tion or of least to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding the and the outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. The with outlets. This and grounding that the trated below. temporary that the to the to as shown properly grounded outlet Grounded Screw The temporary should properly grounded outlet The ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded cover. Whenever the screw. outlet covers grounded. to the outlet grounded Grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded
FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The offers of features to the of the selected, the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart the or the optional chest the offers Each the and of the as through heart offered. the and of the to heart within while The allows to and them memory The heart the of the optional To the of the follow the To To and and To heart HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER If there of clear the the plastic. To to the platform, wear while using the The first the used, the of the and the the Next, the reset/off the the cord. that the the the foot of the the tached to the the and the the of clothes. Next, the the the and light. the the pulled from the If the from the the of the
HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select the the the selected and appear the If selected, the and to the If to to To or the increase and buttons below the or To the buttons. To the increase and crease buttons. You to each to the crease and buttons below the the shows of If to the crease and buttons below the the shows of or the the of the that or the of burn, and If of the The that become Press the to the the pressed, the to the and the of the as the increase and buttons. Each pressed, the the of To the of the buttons. The and or THE SPEED DISPLAY simplicity, instructions this section to To the of of the Stop buttons. The to flash. To the the or the increase the of the as To the of the treadmill, the increase and crease buttons. pressed, the To the quickly, of the buttons. the pressed, the to reach the selected
Follow with the and the displays. The the lected, the that the around the track light the The then and the to light The This the of the tread- The If this the If the the lected the first heart the the the The If this the that or If the the to or or selected, the the to or the The If this the of burned. If the the of to or selected, the the of to the The The heart when the or the optional The This the of the The and or To which of selected, of the Stop buttons while the the E English or M appear the Press the increase to the of the of selected, the and then To the displays, of the tons, the and then the If the tomatically to when the reached. If the when both reached.
Measure heart You heart using the or the optional If the and wear the the the heart accurately. If there sheets of clear the the off the plastic. To the first that clean. Next, the foot and the should resting the and should touching the detected, the and then heart shown. the heart reading, to the about seconds. finished exercising, the from the the foot of the Stop tons, and the of the to the lowest The the lowest when the to the or the become aged. Next, the from the and If the displays and the the the the and off the finished the the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO USE PRESET PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select To the peatedly of the or below the lights. selected, the the of the and the the The the The or The the of The the first of the The below the the and of the the the If to to To the or the the increase and buttons below the or To the the increase and buttons. To quickly, the crease and buttons. If or other accordingly. the the and accordingly. Press the to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and Each of length. One and each The and/or or The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the to the right. three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right and of tones sound. If the and/or of the about to the and/or the to the first to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and the If of the the the to the the that the highest appear the If of the the when the to the the back
The this the the shown the and the The then to If the or too high or too the manually the the or buttons. Every pressed, light or the (If of the to the right of the the of as the light or those as the the to the and the To the temporarily, of the Stop buttons. The to flash. To the the ton or the increase the to the of the the to the and the Follow with the displays. heart finished exercising, the from the the that the of the the lowest Next, the from the and If the and the the the the and turn off the finished using the the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To the of the Custom lights. If the three of appear the If than three of appear, HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM Press the and the and the pressed, the to the and the One and each The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the To and the first the and of the as the and increase and buttons. Every pressed, light or the the first of the of tones sound and the and the memory. The three of then to the and the the shown the flashing and the as and as as to forty finished with of the Stop buttons The and that and the of that then memory. finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To the of the Custom lights. selected, the the of the and the the The the The the first of the If three of appear the HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM the Press the to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and One and each (The and/or or The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the to the right. only three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash, of tones sound, and the and the flash. the first to the The the then shown the flashing and the tomatically to the and that The this the the shown the and the The then to If the while To the or the the or increase and buttons. the the memory. To increase the of the first the completed. Then, the and and as as as as of the Stop To the of the of the Stop buttons the completed. To the temporarily, of the buttons. The to flash. To the the or the increase the to the of the the tread- to the and the Follow with the displays. Measure heart finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE HEART RATE PROGRAM CAUTION: If heart or years of and inactive, the heart If larly, physician to whether the heart Follow the below to heart You wear the optional to heart the optional the instructions included with the optional the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select heart To heart the of the heart lights. If the first heart selected, the If the heart lected, the first heart of the appear the heart If the first heart selected, the heart the the If sired, the crease and buttons to the heart EXERCISE INTENSITY If the heart selected, the heart of the the If the increase and to the heart EXER- CISE INTENSITY If the heart the of the Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and The first heart The heart shorter the it The heart One heart each The heart or If the heart selected, the heart the first shown the flashing of the The heart the shown the to the right. three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right and of tones sound. Current
the first heart to the The heart the then shown the flashing Current both heart the heart to the heart the If heart too below or the heart the of the increase or to heart to the heart If the or too high or too the the with the or increase or crease buttons. when the heart to the heart the of the to heart to the heart If the the P the and the of the If this the instructions cluded with the optional To the of of the Stop buttons. To the the or the increase ton. The to the heart to the heart the and/or of the to heart to the heart Follow with the displays. finished exercising, the from the
THE INFORMATION MODE/DEMO MODE The information that of the of hours that the and the of that the The information allows to or as the of and the infor- mation allows to and off the To the information of ther of the Stop buttons while the the the information selected, the following information shown: The the of hours the used. The the of or that the E English or M appear the Press the crease to the of sired. IMPORTANT: The should If appears the the the This to when tread- displayed the the the the from the and the displays and the light although the buttons the If appears the when the information selected, the the To the information the from the THE OPTIONAL CHEST PULSE SENSOR optional hands-free operation as continuously heart To purchase the optional the toll-free telephone the front cover of this
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the to the lowest If this the permanently Next, the cord. CAUTION: You to pounds to lower, or the the of the the location indicated the arrow the right. To the of and back straight. the to with rather than back. the about to the right to the shown and the firmly. hand, the to the and the the catch with the release the that the the catch. To the or from the the of sunlight. the the HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL the the to the as that the the catch. the and foot of the the back the the to the location. To reduce the of injury, while the to the foot of the and the the the Catch Closed
HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with right as shown. hand, the to the and the the the release the the with both and to the To the of and back straight. Catch
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the listed. If further please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The SOLUTION: that the and that the properly grounded outlet single-outlet that of the The with outlets. that the the the reset/off located the the cord. If the switch as shown, the tripped. To the and then the switch back PROBLEM: The off SOLUTION: the reset/off If the tripped, and then the switch back that the If the and then back the from the and then PROBLEM: The displays of the properly SOLUTION: the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. the the HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL Next, the indicated Screws the HOW TO LOWER THE TREAD- MILL FOR USE the four indicated Screws and the
PROBLEM: The when SOLUTION: single-outlet that of the specifications If the and the permanently the and UN- PLUG THE POWER CORD the included wrench, both rear counter- clockwise of turn. the tightened, should to the of the to inches off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly If the when Customer Service toll-free. PROBLEM: The off-center or when SOLUTION: If the off-center, first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD If the shifted to the the wrench to turn the clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, the counterclockwise of turn. to the Then, the cord, the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the wrench, both rear clockwise of turn. the correctly tight- should to each of the to off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. Next, the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If necessary, the indicated Screw the Switch slightly, and then the Screw. the and the to reading. Top Rear
EXERCISE GUIDELINES WARNING: this or This the of or with existing health The factors, including the the of heart readings. The as heart The following to informa- tion, or physician. EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to or to strengthen the to the to with the intensity. The intensity found heart as The chart below shows heart rates burning and To the heart first age the of the chart rounded off to the years). Next, the three The three train- The recommended heart rates the highest the recommended heart To effectively, relatively intensity of the first of easily the first to If to burn the or of the tread- heart the lowest the or of the heart the If to strengthen activity that amounts of prolonged of This increases the the heart to to the and the to the the or of the heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES Each should include the following three Warm-up each with to of stretching and light creases heart and tion increase the intensity of to the first of than Breathe and as breath. Cool-down each with to of stretching to cool This increase the of and EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months, to each The to to and of life.
SUGGESTED STRETCHES The basic stretches shown the right. as bounce. Toe Touch with slightly and from hips. Allow back and shoulders to as reach as as counts, then back of and back. with Bring the of the foot and the thigh of as as counts, then each back and Calf/Achilles With front of the other, reach and back straight and back foot the front and hips the counts, then each To further stretching of the back as and With reach back and foot with other hand. Bring as to as counts, then each and hip Thigh Stretch with the of together and outward. as as counts, then and hip
NOTES
PART EPTL88105.0 R0905D To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING attached the of this Qty. Qty. Foot Foot Platform Cushion Screw Catch Platform Screw Platform Screw Switch Arm Mount Arm Switch Arm Arm Arm Arm Arm Washer Bracket Bracket Top Bracket Screw Cord Assembly Right Rear Foot Rear Rear Right Rear Rear Washer Rear Wrench Rear Foot Rear Rear Platform Platform Rear Accessory Accessory Right Screw Static Decal Access Washer Upright Upright Right Upright Upright Cage Washer Screw Screw Warning Decal Shock Key/Clip Screw Plate
Qty. Qty. Assembly Warning Decal Shock Right Right Wire, M/Ring Wire, #These illustrated
R0905D EXPLODED EPTL88105.0
R0905D EXPLODED EPTL88105.0
HOW TO ORDER REPLACEMENT PARTS To the front cover of this To please to the following information: the MODEL NUMBER of the (EPTL88105.0) the NAME of the (EPIC MX the SERIAL NUMBER of the the front cover of this the KEY NUMBER and DESCRIPTION of the the PART LIST and ICON Health Inc. (ICON), warrants this to from workmanship and and service The warranted The warranted years the of purchase. and warranted year the of purchase. This warranty to the purchaser. this warranty to or option, the through of its authorized service which warranty pre-authorized ICON. If the shipped to service charges to and from the service the customers responsibility. service, the charge. This warranty to or to caused or attributable to or or repairs ICON authorized service products or or products as other warranty that specifically forth authorized ICON. ICON or indirect, or of or nection with the or performance of the or with to of property, of or profits, of or of or or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other warranties and of merchantability or its and to the terms forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which from to R0905D Printed USA ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON HEALTH FITNESS, INC., S. W., LOGAN, UT