Instructions
Introduction to selecting of the and advanced hearing the to hearing and The Streamer the to hearing to the expanding of The Streamer allows from such as to streamed directly hearing This the worlds hands-free headset and headphones and The Streamer Bluetooth to to and connectivity with Bluetooth sound the To of the basic and operations, to the Started included the furthermore to these instructions and with the using the Streamer. This to the of the the of Typical Product and wearing What Streamer to wear to the Streamer Streamer wireless EarStream Bluetooth Battery and Charging the Streamer Functional Operation the Streamer and phone Incoming Microphone Waiting
sounds to Connecting to wired input Connecting to Bluetooth Bluetooth Connecting to Bluetooth of Bluetooth to Bluetooth Clearing the Streamer Cleaning and Trouble shooting International Warranty Product and Typical Streamer Strap This Started supply USB charger inches) to and that the
Product and Short incoming press: Short hearing microphones Bluetooth Bluetooth Short Battery USB input charging the Microphone
and wearing What Streamer The Streamer that hearing wirelessly to sound and and to function as wireless headphones. If hearing the sound directed to both ears. Through the Streamer, hearing to of and allows to hands-free. to and from the players You the Streamer as of the the hearing to wear it To that the through the Streamer, the Network. This the surrounding the hearing within of The wireless function the Streamer and hearing to EarStream, operates The Streamer and to clothing and
the Streamer the achieved using the The following included: to to and the Streamer to to the Streamer to or while streaming of the carrying attached to the Streamer The clicked the Streamer the the back of the the of attachments. to and release the from the Streamer ON OFF IMPORTANT NOTICE Please, the to security reasons (to the it caught something. shorten or the such as to the length. If repaired and Hearing Professional
to the Streamer The achieved using the free around the The the sound built-in. The Streamer when streaming however ready to phone The Streamer phone holding to the mouth. This of brought to the other using the Streamer wind, the microphone should protected the directly the microphone. the Streamer microphone to mechanical and scratching). that the Streamer and and phone The microphone oriented directly mouth while within from to inches). This when the the of the Streamer of sound If hearing sound should ear though (To the should used). The following the Streamer should Strap hand the Phone, Music, PC, Stand-by, Stand-by
Streamer wireless EarStream The Streamer wireless (EarStream) built-in that streams information to hearing The EarStream activated when and permanently switched o the Streamer streaming the to the hearing inches). This that the Network outer from the ears and that the Streamer this The reduced and of the strongly recommended to EarStream performance. Streamer to hearing the Streamer or stand-by (ready incoming phone the to Bluetooth The Streamer Bluetooth built-in that manually turned as function. Bluetooth to and from sound and Bluetooth-enabled The wireless from the Streamer to Bluetooth reduced the Streamer and the The the of the of the other phone to/from the Streamer:
Battery and The Streamer built-in rechargeable battery. charging Streamer hours The of the Streamer the USE BATTERY LIFE* phone hours to with Bluetooth hours wireless to with wired hours Stand-by (BT streaming) hours Bluetooth (BT) o years The based battery. the recharged. though the Streamer turning o Bluetooth prolonged life. Charging the Streamer The to the to charge frequently. The Streamer should every to of operation. To the Streamer, the to the USB the of the Streamer.
Included the USB that to and the Streamer from PC, allowing charging the o The ashes RED when the The acoustically indicated the hearing to charge the when the ashes red. the ashes GREEN. the shows light, the the Streamer from the the switch o STATUS INDICATOR MEANING CONDITION recharging of the hours. The Streamer as This the Please, that the the Streamer to the USB to international security IMPORTANT NOTICE The should from completely. The the treated, the its capacity. The the The Streamer without Steady light Flashing light Flashing Battery charging light charger Steady Battery Ready to light
Functional This section of each function. of the and indications the Streamer and the hearing section and To the Streamer function. The operated the top of the Streamer with the the reveals the GREEN the operated. the covers the the locked. The Streamer operated when the locked, from from the then active the terminated). If to the Streamer while the locked, the back light the buttons to the of the Streamer. The ON OFF function.
of the Streamer the and the of the activated. Duration of Press nitions Duration Short than seconds More than seconds streaming one-way from the Streamer to the hearing the Streamer information about the of the hearing streaming the Streamer instructs the hearing to release and operation. If the hearing reason streaming the information from the Streamer of seconds, the hearing themselves to operation. The Streamer and of hearing The hearing streaming from the Streamer to which they the Hearing Profes- This that other phone or from Streamer.
The Streamer allows to phone with hearing Together, the hearing and the Streamer to wireless Bluetooth If hearing the from both ears necessary to the Streamer to mouth. the Streamer and phone The Bluetooth function the Streamer and the phone the and together. This of the to as If the Streamer to should follow the section The following operations that phone connected to the Streamer and the Streamer the wireless of the and the hearing Normally, Bluetooth each other when If the or to automatically, the connected manually. the phone turning the Bluetooth function the
Incoming incoming the Streamer, appears the The incoming shown the Streamer the ashing light around the the incoming hearing cally switch to Streamer phone While phone active, the light around the phone switch to light. It about the from the phone to the hearing established. phone phone that the Streamer the the To phone the as from the The Streamer and the hearing switch to headset functionality when The phone to the Streamer and to the hearing as as the active.
The shows to the Streamer incoming phone Short connected the incoming active phone terminated with The Streamer incoming while streaming other of when to connected the action to the hearing Microphone The microphone the Streamer active phone other the microphone turned o using the Streamer phone the microphone from the mouth to sound to the the other of the
The Streamer to the hearing incoming active The to the the To switch to the the the to the instructions of the phone sounds try to their tones, key-press to connected headset the Bluetooth phone this normally to as The Streamer and from The Streamer played the hearing and NOTE, the phone to the Bluetooth the when operated, streaming and force the hearing to switch It strongly recommended to the key-press This hearing when operating the while nected Bluetooth to the Streamer.
the following Bluetooth features: If this the connected the function activated the Streamer shortly. If this the the function activated the Streamer These activated another or when to with the Streamer. started, the microphones hearing switched allowing to hear the acoustical sound from the surrounding To the phone switch o the hearing microphones the Streamer seconds. to The Streamer hearing to and allows to hearing to function as wireless headphones. connected to hearing through the Streamer wired input to the wireless Bluetooth From the the Streamer, and streaming to the hearing streaming the Streamer the Network. It recommended to the streaming activated the hearing of which selected hearing
Connecting to wired input the included to and the Streamer, the Streamer streaming the shortly. The light around the light section the included to the Streamer to the the Streamer the following the Streamer to operations: If Bluetooth streaming active when the and the the Bluetooth and the wired streamed instead the Bluetooth NOT activated the shortly If active when the the NOT terminated. the streaming, the Streamer streaming and the hearing to If the without connected, streaming
Connecting to Bluetooth The Bluetooth function the Streamer and the the and together. This of the to as If the Streamer to Bluetooth should follow the section Bluetooth connected to the Streamer when: the Bluetooth function of the Streamer turned the Bluetooth turned when the Streamer and their Bluetooth the Bluetooth function the Streamer turning the If than Bluetooth Bluetooth the Streamer to of them. If this the connected. It to switch Bluetooth (One Bluetooth turned o or of from the Streamer the or the of the Streamer). button The shows to the Streamer with of streaming streaming of the Short The wired or Bluetooth Streaming from the Streamer, this Wired Bluetooth wired the Streamer to to the connected Bluetooth This seconds and that the light around the section that when to Turn the microphones the hearing while streaming the microphones activated the hearing both the streamed and the sounds heard. that this the to the
streaming started, the microphones hearing switched o allowing to the played. To hear the acoustical sound from the switch the hearing microphones the Streamer seconds. The allows to the sound the hearing to and The functioning as the the or the hearing If hearing both hearing the The turned and Each indicated the hearing that the reached. The of streaming to or phone when the Streamer streaming streaming, the the Streamer. The the hearing streaming the both the Streamer and the hearing The Streamer as of the to the the hearing
Bluetooth the wireless that the Streamer to wireless Bluetooth Bluetooth together. To whether built-in Bluetooth function, the Bluetooth Bluetooth built-in. The Bluetooth function turned when or to and with Bluetooth The operation of the Bluetooth function the following the of the Short Bluetooth function. If Bluetooth the light around the light seconds. This switches the Bluetooth function the Streamer. Bluetooth the light around the and heart beat). Bluetooth active to with the Streamer.
This activates the Bluetooth section the Bluetooth turned o the Streamer the active seconds or the manually with the Bluetooth The Streamer paired with to the the reached, the Streamer overwriting the the Bluetooth function switched o to battery section Connecting to Bluetooth Whenever the Bluetooth function the Streamer or the turned o the and to each other when turned Normally, Bluetooth each other when turned If the or to automatically, the connected manually. the turning the Bluetooth function the Streamer. to the of the phone or struction the and manually operated.
of Bluetooth If the Streamer brought of the Bluetooth of the the momentarily Normally, the when they the Bluetooth If the Bluetooth the phone (this Bluetooth headset behaviour). If the Bluetooth to while the streaming and when the their Bluetooth to Bluetooth using the Streamer with Bluetooth or Bluetooth the Streamer paired to the This relationship established the them to each other and whenever they turned and within of each other. You only to the once as the each other. both the Streamer and the the search and each other. [The only The following through that the Bluetooth function turned the phone or the the or the activation to the process. to the of the or to paired instruction to the Normally, to as and the as instructed. Streamer that the function of the Streamer turned o The Streamer then of seconds the Bluetooth ashes. The Streamer indicated the light. section further info Streamer Bluetooth the the The searching active Bluetooth the the Streamer found the the Streamer the of the featured). to the Streamer and or OK.
The Streamer (four the the Streamer and the paired. of the Bluetooth might to the the Streamer and the the This normally selecting the further Streamer and www.oticon.com should appear the headphone), indicating that headset connected to the and that the the Streamer and hearing behaviour when with wireless Bluetooth headset Streamer. If the and the Streamer, should shooting. Clearing If, reason, to clear the Streamer, this the Bluetooth and the the than seconds. Light State GREEN light GREEN light Active light active Streamer paired and connected to
Light State ORANGE light light ORANGE light re-activated Bluetooth BLUE light (every second) BLUE light light Streaming established to Bluetooth or wired tion Streaming o Streaming from wired or Bluetooth Bluetooth turned activated Bluetooth turned o Light State Battery RED light Battery charging GREEN light light seconds Battery RED light Battery Battery charging GREEN light Battery USB connected to OFF ON
This section the hearing sounds that the Streamer The sounds feedback about buttons and activated from the Streamer. The sounds information about the phone incoming sounds played the hearing active the played when to streaming. hearing (incoming START streaming to streaming hearing STOP streaming back to the hearing phone Click Hearing Professional) Battery to from Streamer. Battery to warning from Streamer.
the Streamer If, reason, the Streamer non-functional To the Streamer, the seconds. lights shortly to that that to Bluetooth the Streamer Cleaning and The Streamer sealed that of or grease should cleaned o using or cloth. It recommended to The microphone and the input and charging free of or The cleaning following hearing to these areas. The Streamer and the washed or or other to the Streamer The Streamer without If which following the the shooting section, should Hearing Profes- heat, and Chemicals Streamer to heat the It exposed to of baths, showers or heavy or other The Streamer to or cleaned with cleaning chemicals or
Trouble shooting Streamer Bluetooth Streamers activated Streamer of Bluetooth when to Streamer Streamer the of the Streamer phone Streamer already connected to other Bluetooth that active and within its Deactivate the located top of the Streamer. the reveals GREEN the operated Re(charge) the Bluetooth o the Streamer to If the Bluetooth and and to o the Bluetooth about to seconds. the the together and that other Bluetooth that paired to the Streamer turned o the Streamer when trying to with the and that the (four Bluetooth o the Streamer to If the Bluetooth and and to o the Bluetooth about to seconds. the The Streamers active seconds or the Streamer paired to If the completed within the second, the
The phone when the phone and there the Hearing Bluetooth o the and/ or the Streamer phone and Streamer from each other The Streamer paired to the Bluetooth the please reference Bluetooth the Streamer. If the Bluetooth and o Press the Bluetooth ton to seconds to Bluetooth plished three Turn Streamers Bluetooth o then on.(Bluetooth turned o with to the tooth Turn o phone and the Streamers Bluetooth. plished turning phone and then Streamers Bluetooth From the Bluetooth the Streamer as the active Follow the section The when the phone and there the Hearing (Continued) The phone when the phone hear the Hearing The the Hearing The other hearing the phone Streamer of The Bluetooth the Streamer and Streamer of EarStream the Streamer within inches) of the Hearing the Streamer performance the Streamer of Bluetooth the Streamer within of the This reduced cantly with of (walls, and The Streamers microphone straight the clearly to the Streamer clothes or other the with every the If both products Bluetooth the that they
hearing the other the sounds Turn the Hearing microphones o the to seconds. You hear the and the microphones both Hearing o to o the Hearing microphones The through when the phone You the phone too when The rejected hear Hearing while operating phone The sound Deactivate sounds phone phone Wired the to If the Streamer connected to Hearing PC, that the turned the PC too low/high to the the PC to that when the Streamer To than second) Charging Streamer while charging ton the Streamer and nothing the o the The of the Streamer The Streamer to charge completely approximately the completely to Deactivate the located activation top of the Streamer. the reveals GREEN the operated The to This when
International Warranty The Streamer covered warranty issued the of months from the of the purchase. Please that warranties apply country. Please Hearing Professional information. What covered this warranty? that of workmanship, or to function properly of this warranty or repaired charge or when to the of purchase. If that feasible, the with of the Hearing Profes- and the customer. What covered this warranty? from or repairs unauthorized party, to or to the NOT covered the warranty and The warranty rights that might legislation of products. Hearing Professional issued warranty that the of this warranty. Please Hearing Professional further information. Warranty of Address: Purchase Warranty Month:
Product and the Bluetooth the Streamer induction The of the The from the Streamer below international the of the Streamer than from The Streamer with international concerning to the the of the found this This ID: U28STREAM01 IC: 1350B-STREAM01 The with of the FCC and RSS-210 of Industry to the following this interference this interference received, including interference that operation. or cations to the the FCCs authorization to the NOTE: This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the o and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or
that this Streamer with the and other of Directive 1999/5/EC Declaration of conformity A/S DK-2765 www.oticon.com N1175 202NYLJMS0624458 QD ID: B012747 from to The Streamer toy and therefore should of the reach of and who might swallow or otherwise to themselves. should to the to children from them and If immediately. The of the of Streamer with input the input connected to operated this comply with IEC-60065, IEC-60601 or The of recharging with the USB the the USB to mains-operated this should UL or comply with the Streamer to heat the or burning There that and serious injury.
The Streamer to comply with the of International the Streamer might interference with other such as and Please, the of information about the of Interference caused from other and the Streamer with while If o the and or aircrafts: The Streamer should onboard aircrafts cally the ight of the If the should caught something while wearing the constructed to automatically. Therefore, to shorten or the unauthorized The should who than