Thank purchasing Please to these which the from POWER REQUIREMENTS Amplifiers with those specified although amplifiers to the the with and reduce the immediately the to Amplifiers of than they the They to the their to high The OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS when its operating its to than operating its capacity. or to the when turned POSITIONING should the to allow of rear firing and to of
to establish the within positioning the about from the and them the bass and the corners this of the to least of each and the The performance achieved when the or from the and about the from another. Turning the slightly the often to the the top of the from there right or sounds STANDS The obtained from the ELS they coupled to the using This the clarity which of to match the ELS Please further information or the www.epos-acoustics.com CONNECTION that switched off or as shorted. with high with and specification. of with These allow to terminate To terminate the enough insulation to allow the
shroud to the of to the and screw the cover Once who to offer this service. The selected to The the of the the right as the should connected to the (or terminals amplifier, while the should to the (or terminals amplifier. to to the amplifier. that the from each of roughly the tightly. WARNING If the connected to each and right the and the of incorrect This the bass to and the to from the to the Correctly the polarity of the the to the and bass. such as coloured or writing the wire. LISTENING Switch the with the turned that the and sounds from both If switch off and the
RUNNING IN to allow their to their concerned sound and authority when first to them. Things Allow twenty-four and forty- hours of to to their capacity. PROTECTIVE GRILLES with protective The of these optional and owners the appearance of the without them. reduction clarity with the If to the them the the front or them off to them. REMEMBER ALWAYS the to the switching or or lowering arm). switch off the or to the NEVER to the other other than PLEASE and to and the DISCLAIMER The Needless to this and tried. that of the family from this.
bass Amplifier Positioning from with high and shielded with high injection moulded PP mounted chassis SPECIFICATION with high injection moulded PP mounted chassis Termination with terminals that HD chipboard and front with finish. with and should to ELS plinth and plinth supplied) Black cloth with Light cherry cherry Black (H D) Includes each
and Amplifier from with high injection moulded PP mounted chassis SPECIFICATION with high and shielded and HD Chipboard and MDF front with Finishes: Light Cherry, Cherry, or Black Ash. (H D) Includes each
and Amplifier Positioning: Either or below the CRT or If to the the to with high injection moulded PP mounted chassis SPECIFICATION with high and shielded achieved HD Chipboard and MDF front with Light Cherry, Cherry, or Black Ash. (H D) Includes each
WARRANTY built to high and should years of trouble-free service. If within years of purchase they to reason other than unauthorised or wear and tear, the or, option, the without charge or purchase should retained as the that should to warranty Road, Hempstead, Hertfordshire HP2 7TA www.epos-acoustics.com This warranty the United only and to rights. Service countries other than the United should to the or of found the Warranties these countries the of the or warranty please supplying the first instance. and the UK