EPSON =--TM ---A
interface -J.L AC
EPSON 48-NOZZLE INK JET PRINTER rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the US) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and Corporation. Helvetica and of Linotype LocalTalk of Apple Computer, Inc. Copyright Corporation ESC/P and AG and/or its ESC/P of
Instructions of these instructions Follow and instructions the the from the outlet and cloth cleaning, or cleaners. or the or other that allow the to or the These the to operation and protection from overheating. the or other the Also, the built-in provided. the or or heat the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with third (grounding) which fits grounding-type This If to the the the of the grounding-type where the
If cord, that the of the the products the the cords Also, that the of products the outlet of they or that of fire or shock. as specifically the to the yourself. This to or other servicing those to service the from the outlet and repaired service the following A. the or or B. If C. If to or D. If normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often technician to the to operation. E. If or the F. If performance, indicating service.
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. Cl the from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of edict6 of the FCC These to WARNING Communications
sheets, that the first of correctly then too the or that the from the These easy to of the as below to the right normally what choose the Chapter the right to choose. include option to the If and Tofind the right that using top and to and then of from to the the first This If the top or increasing the or both, the You the inches whether or choose A4, the inches the to A4).
high-speed offers the following features: High the built-in to to or manually without the supply. of with to A3 inches manually to and graphics Supports the software written other to sheets automatically. You inches) using the You inches). ESC This characters the text and graphics. You inches ESCI I@ commands Introduction
The following options to of Push-Tractor Unit (C80029*) With this option as as sheets. Chapter Interface Cards Optional interface cards, including to the built-in interface. Chapter to This what this to and the It and software the These instructions include basic the and of the to and follow these instructions Chapter It instructions using the optional tractor and Chapter covers operating the the of options, and and troubleshooting. The includes specifications, commands, and character of and included the Introduction
and Notes Notes information and of Where to United States America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the and of products Information of the information technical information service Product with technical and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations to injury. to to ESC/ software ESC reference which ESC the Introduction
Chapter the About Choosing the right the the and the Choosing the the the Cartridge Loading the Testing the Connecting the to Software the
About If to they from or noticeable of this high and cost-effective, high-quality the right the associated with the to and than the toner the head, or from the and then the the of characters or graphics. the head the as than with other of to through the following of to and efficiently. The of the If however, with or If off with and If them with of and physician. Cl of the reach of LI the or to them. Cl Once the the or the to with The become otherwise. the
the immediately from its Leaving the its rated expectancy. to the the or of the or the the the head capped, and the off the that the head capped. (It when the right as shown below.) The the head when seconds; the head the PAUSE the
Choosing the right One of the to with selecting the right With that too the slightly, causing characters to With that enough, the too to and smear easily. The and thickness of the that rough or coated finish. Also, that too thick or too thin. the specifications the information. without to or To supply of the from the and the both of the to which the If the or smear, the should with the the the printed, the type of used, and the and humidity, or If the enough, as they to the its and cool, and only. reduce as as and other switch to higher the If of
the should include these items: Notice locations, the attached to the The of the AC country; the included the right location. You and protective with and the Follow the the Notice to these It to the the the back of the to the matches the
Attaching the and the You should the and the the To follow the below. the the and the right notch the mounting of the Then, the notch the mounting the the first upright and the the notches. Then the the the
Choosing the selecting location follow these the If the or properly. the enough to the the interface to reach easily. easy and or the to and from sunlight, light or heat to and the where easily the cord. switches or timers. Also, outlets the as or other that the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded the path obstructed. Chapter If to follow these that least the
Cl that the It should Cl they with feeding; them to of the the that the switch turned off. It off when the G of the switch the the back of the to the the matches that of Also, that the If the attached to the to the AC the back of the the properly grounded the It to the and outlet match, the cord. If the rated
the Cartridge Each enough to about The of to the amount of text and graphics each The first to charge the with You to this operation once. the as follows: the the the turned off. both the ALT and PAUSE buttons while the Release the buttons the the head then to the Warning: The self-contained ordinary leakfrom the If with and eyes,fIush them immediately with of and physician. of inkfrom with and physician. OY the the
the cover. the top of the to the
the containing the and from the protective to the from the the the with the and the arrow the the arrow the the
the the back of the to the Press the It about The PAUSE light flashes throughout the and off when the charging finished. the cover. the Once the the or the to it with The ALT to charge the offor the bec&e otherwise. the ink-charging
the the built-in to the properly. You the with from the built-in or feeding manually. This section the the cover while holding the the right as to the as and to the Then the to match the of You the A4 (or the U.S. inches) the right as to the right as C :A4 B4 the
the to the of both the the the using through the the of then to the While the with the with the the the The to higher than the the the sheets (the or
the cover. to the or when the the the to the and ready to the about with the to the Testing the the the the first and of the length. Then the character least directly the and shortens life. The to Follow these to the the turned off. While holding the FONT LOAD/EJECT the The sheet of from the and the It the first and of to the length. Then the character (the or this allows the to inches) otherwise, the head the (LQ or the
the appear the of typical '"#$%&'()*+,-./0123456789:;(=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRS "#$%&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRST~ #$%&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTU' $%I&'()*+,-./0123456789 %&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTU~ ()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[U*'_'abcdefghij The the the or the PAUSE To the the PAUSE To the the PAUSE To the the PAUSE to and then the LOAD/EJECT to the Turn off the the LQ the characters each the !"#$%&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQR .*<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWX
Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to to the You shielded, twisted-pair to to the built-in interface. Follow these both the and turned off. the securely the interface the together they both If ground wire, to the ground the interface the other of the the interface. If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the
Software software the type of that the software of the features. or that of To of features, including ESC/P choose of the ESC/P the below. If of these listed, software that includes of these. choose another as to the top of the as SQ-850/2550 ESC/P SQ-850+/ ESC/P SQ-870/1170 LQ-550/1010 LQ-870/1170 LQ-2550 LQ-570/1070 If of these softwares options, the first from the following: LQ, EX, FX, LX, RX, MX, and the as to and with the and that the shows the with software. If the what Troubleshooting Chapter or or software the LQ-1500
Chapter the Loading manually Continuous with Optional Tractor the Loading the tear-off the Switching Continuous and Switching to Switching to
You sheets to using the built-in or the insertion the the the Loading the Chapter Following the below the performance when with the the the or the from the it sheet and to Cl If the of the and then the LOAD/EJECT to Press the LOAD/EJECT to tl of Cl You switch to or to the optional tractor without the supply from the Loading manually or Switching to this chapter. If the enough, as they The from the or You using software or commands, necessary. the about commands. inches)
software of the top and should the software, the account. You the to the or to the below. the The the of the when the If too high or the the with the the turned of from the the LOAD/EJECT the cover and the cover. as the loaded, the ALT and the ECONOMY/CONDENSED to the inch, or the FONT to the inch. the reach the the cover and the cover. from the to The and If to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set the the factory as reference when the
The the head the of characters. (You to to the the single-sheet the the only off the The to the factory when the turned the The the the where the head currently If to the the micro-feed as follows: Press the PAUSE to the PAUSE light the ALT and the ECONOMY/CONDENSED or FONT to the the Press the PAUSE to (You to to the
The inches)-to the the backwards feed. when reach this Loading manually You sheets of or from the feed without the supply from the You the to of from inches) to inches) and manually, the micro-feed as when from the Follow these to the Turn the both of the of the the the with nothing printed. amount
sheet of the the right of the with the arrow the inches) the right of the with the right The the the straight, the Then from the to the the If the the the LOAD/EJECT button. Press the LOAD/EJECT or to the without the to switch back to the The automatically. The then sheet of from the the enough, as theyfinish to
Continuous with Optional Tractor You the optional tractor to from inches) to inches) the tractor the turned off. Then the both of the straight back the top of the to the from the the release of the to the single-sheet Warning: to the of the or that fits the
both of the tractor and the as shown below, Loading the supply of the that the the smoothly. the obstructed, and allow the to front of the below of
Release the the with the as shown below. the other to match the of the the both covers.
the first four of the the and then the covers. the to the Then the they
the release to the the and them. both of the as shown Turn the the to the and Follow the below the performance when If the of to the tractor and the LOAD/EJECT to
You switch to without the supply from the tractor. instructions, Switching to this chapter. You the micro-feed to the as when sheets. The this off. the with loaded, the to the and then to the To the off the the tear-off finished the tear-off to to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off the back to the This that would normally To the tear-off the tear-off the as Chapter The to the tear-off when the of or and three seconds. the tear-offfeature with backward, off the and the the the tear-off off
If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off as follows: the the tear-off While holding the ALT button, the ECONOMY/CONDENSED or FONT to the The the off. Tear off The and tear-offposition. If to the and the the reaches the factory-set tear-off the the factory as reference when the the tractor Tear off Press the LOAD/EJECT to the of the and the the from the tractor. Turn off the the as shown the release to the single-sheet tear-oflposition. this chapter. tear offyour feeding tear-ofiposition these the backzuard. To from the feeding
both the of the of the tractor and the of the the Switching Continuous and using the tractor, easily switch to single-sheet without the Switching to sheets To switch from to follow the below.
If sheets the tear off the Press the LOAD/EJECT The the to the the release to the single-sheet If the to feed the thcrz the the as shown The ready to from the or feed Switching to To switch from back to follow the below. If the path, the LOAD/EJECT to the release to the the LOAD/EJECT to the Then the tear offpaper back-feeding; back-feeding too sheets back-feed easily and the the release and the LOA D/EJECT backwnrds to the You the release and the their
the as shown The ready to from the and to to and of other types, such as and You the following from the feed inches) inches) inches) inches) You the to Turn the and the cover. Turn the paper-thickness clockwise as as the cover.
both of the with the the first, The then the to the from The the when finishes software the within the of the the operating the enough, as they To switch back to the the paper-thickness counterclockwise as as Then the LOAD/EJECT to from the
mounted sheet with to properly. You the as the paper-thickness clockwise as as To from the follow the below. Tear off the the of the Press the LOAD/EJECT while the ALT to the of the They I-1 the tear-off to when operating they to and humidity. the they the LOAD/EJECT easily off the and the offin the
the lights Selecting Character Fonts Scalable the the Optional Interface Cards interface The C82305*/C82306* interface and Transportation the Cleaning the head Cleaning the Transporting the Troubleshooting supply the
the The easy operations. It consists of lights and buttons. You the with this the lights The lights the of the and information about Troubleshooting PAUSE On when FONT Indicates the These three lights and off when the FONT The the which selected. instructions selecting the DATA
CONDENSED On when the selected. this selected, the of selected information. ECONOMY On when the selected. this selected, the This rough and INK OUT On when the of It flashes when the instructions the PAPER OUT On when the of flashing DATA On when the memory. the interface to the the though the continuously the DATA light off turning RESET Clears the and the to their factory A-10 PAUSE Press this to temporarily. Press to the the
LOAD/EJECT Press this to the normally automatically. single-sheet the the the when this the or tear-off the the to the If from the feed this switches back to the FONT Press this to through the choices the The FONT lights the selection. ECONOMY/CONDENSED Press this to or The lights which ALT this seconds to the head to the when the The ALT the of the other buttons. the ALT and another to the following PRINT HEAD CLEANING (ALT PAUSE) the head cleaning Cleaning the Head LF/FF (ALT LOAD/EJECT) Press this to the this to or to to the top of You this to feed from the to the the
MICRO FEED: (ALT FONT) (ALT +ECONOMY/CONDENSED) Selecting Character Fonts built-in character including and to the to Helvetica? The of appearance with other It character than the other to increase This allows to rough and Press the FONT to from the the The three FONT lights (O), or off or and only. Font selections software usually these selections. software to to the active Hfon H. (The the
The below the and shows the FONT lights appear each selection. FONT Scalable The of the T, and selected from to software or ESC/P command. the that with software information selecting the of the of ESC/P commands. the off flashing ABCDEFGhi
reduces the of characters to of their allowing characters to This spreadsheets and other software that to the amount of information You the ECONOMY/CONDENSED button. T, H, and condensed.) The below shows Ifyour software characterfonts should through the software rather than with the Software or usually the with of internal that of such as and feed. these each the they The factory to to them. The below the features the of each To the This the the
Character inches, On, Network interface On, text/graphics On, feed On, interface selection On. interface Tear off On, the the North/South American software the character and software thesefeatures, to them with the the U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, PC437, PC850. PC865, PC853. PC437 PC866. PC852*, ,On, inches, inches seconds, PC860. PC863, PC857. PC851*, PC855*, BRASCII, inches, seconds line.feed.
Character Character the characters and The text with the selected character this the light the or off to the selection. The ordinarily text bidirectionally and graphics characters unidirectionally to the switches bidirectional text and motion graphics this to off, the head motion software. this from the four the this and the the and the first the This the to the perforation sheets. software of the top and software these the
top-of-form with the micro-feed to of the the of and the top of the Network interface If connected to this off. If to the and computers, this to this to the though the continuously the DATA light off turning off the text/graphics This software that text combined with graphics. the text/graphics to off feed the each (CR) (LF) If text unexpectedly double-spaced, this to off. If text top of each other, to interface selection This when optional interface and interface connected to both the interface and the optional interface the
this the which interface and then switches to that interface the of the (when from the selected interface the amount of specified the interface Usually, should this to this to off, the from the interface specified the DIP switch the optional interface interface This when the interface selection to If the from the within the the the from the currently selected interface and from the other interface. You the to seconds. Tear of7 You this to tear-off the tear-off Chapter information tear-off the tear-off only with the tear-off with the You the using the buttons; the lights Follow the below to the turned off and the the of seconds or A4, or the
the ECONOMY/CONDENSED and the to the The of and summary and instructions. It instructs to the that (English, or Spanish). Press the FONT the FONT lights the of then the ALT to selection. off the ALT the the and the instruction the selected. finished; then to the To to the to the ALT the DATA, PAPER OUT, and INK OUT lights the selection. to the character the ALT the DATA and PAPER OUT lights off and the INK OUT light the FONT English
Next, the FONT to the from to the FONT lights off the and and to of To the the off. Cl You turning off the them Cl and the Turn the and flashing to the the to without to selection, as indicated the
Character the the North/South American the U.S.A U.K. PC437 (USA, PC850 PC860 PC863 (Canadian-French) PC865 PC853 BRASCII PC857 PC437 PC851 PC855 PC866 PC852 (East FONT o o .I, <I, .I, \I, .I,
FONT inches inches off Network interface text/graphics feed interface selection interface seconds seconds Tear off Optional Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in interface. The interface below with (Not interfaces countries.) \I, inches inches the
If whether optional interface or to about interfaces, C82305*/C82306* C82307*/C82308* C82310* C823 C82312* The country Interface Card Follow the below to optional interface of the interface the of these the turned off. the and the interface the screws from the interface cover. the interface cover. to switches and the the interface You the interface selection and interface and 3-Z information. the interface KB interface KB interface KB IEEE-488 interface LocalTalk interface
the interface the both of the interface to the the of the interface the internal the screws and tighten to of the optional interface. The C82305 */C82306 interface To the C82305*/C82306* interface the sections below selecting and other the C82305*/C82306* interface the
Selecting You from the following rates: and second). the the selection the C82305*/C82306* interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that the the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that ready to the and Transportation the the INK OUT light the flashes, the the The the completely empty. it of the and the INK OUT light Its to hand. SO20025 to operation and the of the head. Other of the head or Follow these to the the
the and both the INK OUT and PAUSE lights Then the cover. the ALT seconds and release the when the head to the the to release the (The the easy to the of the and of properly. the or to Turn to and follow the instructions from to the that the PAUSE and that the PAUSE light turned off. the the recharge the However, the head the This to seconds to Warning: The self-contained to them thoroughly with touching physician. the
Cleaning the head If the built-in print-head cleaning to the properly. To wasting the head Follow these the turned and the PAUSE light If the PAUSE light the PAUSE to the the ALT and the PAUSE seconds. The cleaning about seconds. The PAUSE light flashes throughout the and then when the cleaning finished. Press the PAUSE to Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the the turned off and to and To the outer cloth with the cover closed to from the If the of the with off with cloth. the
Transporting the If to and enough to to as below: the cover and that the head the right If capped, the to Then, off the the from the Then, the the from the then the interface from the the from the and the protective to the If the the head. Cleaning the Head. or chemicals the as as the ELI to J or NJ the or service the when -I the the to the the (If the with the these or the
Troubleshooting while operating this section and follow the recommended If these instructions, or service You information the the lights and them to the below. Follow the to the off the flashing
the The the Follow the The of ready to the The or the with Cleaning/Charging The the charging or the cleaning This Release The release the the release to the feed/Eject The too tear off ejecting. that within the specified Technical Specifications the occurred. Turn off the seconds back the
The or lights off. that the properly the that the turn the If the switch or another the to whether The lights then off and off. that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to the of the switch to
and the PAUSE light temporarily suspended. Press the PAUSE to The PAUSE light off nothing both of the the and the the interface securely. interface both the and specifications. The sounds nothing The head clogged. the ALT and the PAUSE seconds to the head. Cleaning the Head earlier this chapter. the
characters or graphics. The head clogged. the ALT and the PAUSE seconds to clean the head. Cleaning the Head earlier this chapter. the text/graphics to the the earlier this the Network interface to the the earlier this chapter. The light or The head the ALT and the PAUSE seconds to the head. Cleaning the Head this chapter. The paper-thickness correctly. The and the paper-thickness or to the or You selected the To this the ECONOMY/CONDENSED the ECONOMY light off. the
The You the type of choosing the right You the of the both to which the or or The or characters with software that the software correctly The selected the software the the software. The characters printed. The character selected. the character as the earlier this chapter. too high or too the the top software or the micro-feed to to the the Chapter the
the text the to the that the to each the earlier this chapter. The text each text feed to off the that line-feed the earlier this chapter. incorrect. the with software. The what expected. The match the of the the the with software to match the the the optional interface the or the what expected. The other interface selected the interface selection interface selection to off the the DIP-switch the optional interface then selects the interface. You trying to interface or with the specifications. the specifications to the interface or with this the
The and interface match. the the and match. The interface that the switch the interface feed properly from the Too sheets the the from the and the higher than the the The too thick or too thin to the within the specifications. feeding. Technical Specifications the that the release the single-sheet when the tractor. The cover the cover. near the head. The than The too thin. the within the specifications. Technical Specifications the the
The The too thin or the within the specifications. Technical Specifications the or Single-sheet the LOAD/EJECT button to the The too that within the specified Technical Specifications the from the crooked. The or creased. sheets of There too the that the and the the tractor, The release the the release to the single-sheet the
The the the as shown below. the cover and the tractor. the as shown below and the the tractor, the release locked. the tractor, the release the the and the release to the single-sheet Then the tractor. the
The feed the The release the the release to the The off the tractor. the to the tractor. The the the the cover and the tractor. the as shown and the feeding of crooked or the that the release the the supply or other that within of the that the the of the with each other. Also, the and their covers closed. that the paper-thickness correctly the that the and thickness within the specified the There the the of the the
The properly. The too Tear off the and from the that within the specified the The the Clearing To clear follow the below: the cover and the cover. the straight of the rear of the as shown below. the tractor. Warning: to the thatfits the of the or the
the gently. If the tears, If the caught the of the the back the of the the tractor. the cover and the cover. Preventing feeding and If feeding or to this of corrective Cl higher-quality that too thin or rough. of feeding. Chapter the of and then its to that higher than the the LI turning the of the of the with arrow the of the the the
Technical Specifications A-2 specifications A-2 Interface A-7 A-10 Command Summary A-11 commands the summary A-12 Character A-20
Technical Specifications and characters inch spacing: inch, inch, or feed A-2 characters Bidirectional with logic-seeking text and graphics. (The the milliseconds inches/set. KB when text/graphics option to ON KB when text/graphics option to OFF text and graphics
Character North/South Other Character Select other ESC/P commands. the command summary this chapter of commands. Font Thickness to Quality and graphics character and and graphics character international character and character to to to to graphics character to inches) to inches) to inches) A-3
sheets insertion): Cl Cl and only. reduce as as and other If switch to higher of Continuous and Cl type only with the optional tractor. LI only and Cl first; the only. the thickness within the than A-4 Thickness Quality and only. Thickness Quality Thickness Quality Thickness Quality to to to to to to to to to to inches) to to to inches). to inches) to inches) to inches) to inches) to inches) to inches) inches) inches) inches) to inches)
Printable and insertion) The top The and right inches). the C The Continuous The top and and below the perforation) inches). The and right inches). the Mechanical Paper-feed (S020025): Color: capacity: inches). inches). Cartridge life: inches). inches). Friction Black Approximately characters years from (The often the head cleaning function.) IA A-5
(S020025): MTBF: capacity: head life: and Height A-6 Rated Rated Rated Rated Rated Rated to to month hours -3C hours hours (A4 or 40C to 104F) 60C to 140F) 40C (104F) 60C (140F) (26.6F) thaws 25C (77F) inches) inches) inches) without inches) with AC AC to to to LQ AC to AC to to to LQ
Operation: (without Operation: US R.F.I.: Interface Specifications with interface. Specifications and assignments The built-in interface the following characteristics: Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and Connector: The below the assignments and their respective interface to EN US FCC TTL to 35C to to 50C to to RI-I RH (50F) (80F) (95F) UL1950 with DEMKO, EN ACKNLG Amphenol or 95F) 122F) assured D3, CSA22.2 IEC (SEMKO, NEMKO, SETI) (VDE (CISPR A-7
Direction AUTO FEED NC Not A-8 STROBE IN STROBE to than DATA IN These DATA IN information to of DATA IN respectively. Each DATA IN HIGH when DATA IN and LOW when DATA IN DATA IN DATA IN ACKNLG OUT About BUSY OUT HIGH the The HIGH the following PE OUT HIGH the of SLCT OUT to through GND ground CHASSIS chassis ground, which GND isolated from the ground the LOW that received and that the ready to each character) the PAUSE IN this LOW, the .O
ERROR OUT This becomes LOW when: NC Not to through The heading Direction to the of as from the the twisted-pair ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based the of each than the to this of the ACKNLG or when the BUSY LOW. Direction Not NC Twisted-pair ground GND INIT IN this becomes LOW, the to its when the first turned and the cleared. This normally HIGH; its than as GND NC Not The The PAUSE TTL Both the and microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY A-9 .O
Interface The below shows the the interface. The to of three Software A-10 ACKNLG STROBE The turned The INIT from the interface The following then The initialized. The input cleared. The character cleared. The cleared. The CI Software the command. The following then The cleared. The the RESET The switches to interface using the interface selection The following The input cleared. The cleared. The (The ,+&F LOW). ESC the
The below shows the that when the initialized. and clears the Item Top-of-form length sheets: and right Canceled Character Cleared Font selection effects Canceled Download character cleared Software/control only Command Summary commands actions software. Software commands the to typeface, feed the amount each the and software these commands yourself. This allows to that normally through the software. offer command anywhere The commands this command summary. inches insertion /binch Every characters selected A-11
commands the software software the while others type ASCII characters. commands software to the command. If software allows to commands to the the software should exactly what and the summary The following section and the commands topic. If listed. If they explained. The indicated lowercase usually indicated. ESC with ESC off. ESC ESC ASCII ESC ESC EM feeding ASCII CR FF LF ESC ESC2 A-12 The below the /O command that to the and to turn with with of Hex. Hex. Turn Unidirectional On/Off Loading/Ejecting R OD OA Select Spacing Select Spacing
ASCII ASCII ESC Hex. Hex. 180-inch Spacing n/360-inch Spacing 2B Format Top Unit of of Inches of inches 4E Margin Continuous of 4F Margin 6C Margin Right Margin Right A-13
motion ASCII Hex. ESC ESC ESC HT ESC VT A-14 from the the inch this command. Relative the the inch and inch command. from top to Terminated to should Vertically 4A LQ this inch
Font selection ASCII Hex. ESC ESC I ESC ESC ESC Select Typeface 6B Select Font Pitch and pitch to pitch Select or or other typefaces) ESC P, M, Select To the of II together the of the and to from the below: 1Ocpi Select 4D Select Select Turn On/Off Select LQ or T, and or Double-width LQ A-15 H.) ESC X.
Hex. ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC ASCII Hex. SI DC2 o ESC DC4 ESC ESCSO ESC ESC A-16 OF Select Font Font Select Font Font Select OE Select Double-Width Turn Double-Width On/Off Double-Width Turn Double-Height On/Off Select Select 2D Select Strikethrough selected Select Character Normal with Select
ASCII ESC ESC Spacing ASCII ESC SP ESC Character ASCII ESC ESC7 Hex. Hex. Hex. 2D Turn On/Off Intercharacter of of to the characters Units inch or inch Unit ESC(UlOn positioning as inch or60 Motion Select Pitch n/360-inch of This the of characters those locations). Select International Character USA UK (LQ and to ESC Norway II America A-17 (HMI)
ASCII ESC:OnO A-28 Hex. Assign Character Assign character with and to or Character PC PC PC PC PC C PC PC (Canada-French) PC PC (East PC PC PC BRASCII North/South American only Select Character Select character assigned ESC(t or characters from character assigned to with the 3A Copy ROM to RAM or Typeface command Select Normal (USA) o to ESC ESC
ASCII ESC Graphics ESC Hex. Hex. Character ESC First character character of character of character Right of character each character; character 5E as Characters ESC Amount of The following of as characters Select Graphics Graphics with 2E Graphics graphics of of The following allowed: tion DPI DPI and A-19 ESC
ASCII Hex. ESC Character You these character the or command. The characters 7F the as the PC437 only the PC437 shown completely. The of the the characters The with the the only; those with only. A-20 the North/South American 2A ESC of through through FF.
PC437 (USA, CODE C SO PC850 CODE 89ABCDEF CR6~~86- C 23456789ABCDEF NUL @P DC2 LF CL\11 SI /?O-0 fi PC860 :ODE C o I- A-21
PC865 PC863 (Canadian-French) CODE BBABCDEF C PC853 CODE C A-22 CODE C PC857 CODE C
PC85 PC437 :ODE BSABCDEF C PC855 (C CODE C f?R~xtHTm CZ,$AIHKOYS C <:;:I I- ~XKOT~ CODE o C PC866 CODE C 89ABCDEF :Q:; JL
PC852 (East CODE C CODE BSABCOEF \IUL C HT EM LF VT FF CR SO SI character A-24 SP DC2 DC4 (E ESC CODE C CODE C the character 89ABCDEF I- IUL SPO@ DC2 #3CScs DC4$ HT EM) LF VT ESC FF CR SI /?O-0 C
International You of the following international character the or the when the characters the the below the character The following international character selected the or with the The following with the command. Country ASCII USA #$AOU^ UK Country ASCII Norway II II America ESC command. ESC command. 5C 5D 5E o 5C 5D SE 7C 7E ESC 7C 7D 7E A-25
Characters with the To the characters the below, the (A CODE C ESC command.
The following apply specifically to If that topic information. ASCII American Information assigning to and feed this selected the each (CR) followed line-feed bidirectional which the head both This increases the of or The of the memory to of information consisting of characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. or this the basic of information GL-1 (LF)
character of numbers, and which the of each character of characters. or spreadsheets that each perforated and to functions such as or feed. or that when the turned or initialized. double-height which each character as as which each character as as One of of character high-speed Quality. GL-2 of the
ESC/P This the of commands to It and software computers. ESC/P The of the ESC/P command Commands this such as and graphics of type family feed and that the to the top-of-form troubleshooting that advanced users the of the and the the each and ASCII characters. the to its of of which each or interface The the and the interface character or GL-3
which the characters This Quality (LQ) One of Quality readability and appearance reduced and that the The to which the loaded. The which the backed of the path, attached to the optional tractor. The of which assured. It than the physical of the to which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase optional, that the from the GL-4 The than typewritten
RAM Random Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back ROM Memory. of memory that and ROM when off the the operation of the the the the characters its ROM. software software that such as or which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character fear off feed that the perforation of to the tear-off tear off easily, and then the back to the GL-5
fear-off The the the to the of when tear-off to the micro-feed the that the perforation the tear-off top-of-form The the that the as the first The the to this when the which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows than bidirectional characters Characters that and the the characters. GL-6
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND o EPSON AUSTRALIA Unit Rodborough Road, NSW o o EPSON HONG KONG LTD. Harbour Harbour Road, Wanchat. o EPSON ITALIA II Caslraghi o SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) o EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS F.R. PTY. LTD. EPSON SINGAPORE EPSON UK LTD. C Hempstead, HP2 7EZ. U.K. EPSON FRANCE o OUB EPSON ELECTRONICS TRADING LTD. (TAIWAN BRANCH) 1OF. R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA o S.A. PTE. LTD. E. Road, S.A.
Printed