EPSON COLOR Printed with least
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service and EPSON FaxAdvice, and PhotoEnhance of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD Copyright America, Inc. Copyright Notice
EPSON COLOR the business graphics. You from reports and to and back light with The with these features: to inch), of approximately text and as as Specially whisper-quiet operation and or of Great of to inches including A3, B, and
About Software The software CD-ROM includes the software and You cant without The EPSON to software Reference information about (You HTML browsersuch as Microsoft or or laterto the If the software or Reference from CD-ROM, the instructions. About To and its software, the This information, and instructions with or the about with, or troubleshooting Reference instructions
Notes, and Please follow these To and its software, should IBM PC with least or or NT recommended) Microsoft or NT At least 16MB of RAM (32MB or or 64MB NT recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and to to to Notes information about hints
CD-ROM or recommended) the software high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to the D-SUB, and the USB with USB and shielded USB AB from to to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. To and its software, should Apple or G3 or with USB OS or G3 or OS or If to operating software: If OS If OS or Apple that Download the from Apple Apple the To which operating About This from the Apple
At least 16MB of RAM (32MB recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software shielded USB AB from to to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Ready EPSON Ready the other of ready the
Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off. the or or heating or sunlight. or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically this to service the yourself.
the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the or the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of the or try to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the the the within months of them. this the head hand; otherwise the the the head the right and the
software CD-ROM includes Reference The HTML browsersuch as or or or laterto If the correctly. (A included the software CD-ROM.) Accessing You Reference from the CD-ROM or to and from there. Follow these software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM then the You the EPSON Double-click Double-click the the CD-ROM. Then the EPSON COLOR This appears: You the from the CD-ROM Reference or the to Reference and from there. the the section.
If the to as follows: Select EPSON and ESC1160 the EPSON COLOR and Reference first the Reference this Click to the of Click topic the to the of
expanding the of the topic to If theres right arrow to then topic to to Click the arrow to Closed to Click to to topic
from to what to to as or photographfrom the to selecting to the Follow the instructions these with Macintosh You selecting the EPSON as below. If already with to these the of low-resolution and with PhotoEnhance, Selecting type or color-matching of such as EPSON or the EPSON software CD-ROM includes with instructions showing to software and to the To the the following: Double-click the EPSON Double-click the EPSON the EPSON Follow the on-screen instructions to software and
If the when follow these to the software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM You the EPSON then the Double-click EPSON and follow the on-screen instructions to Double-click the EPSON the EPSON CD-ROM. Then the and follow the on-screen instructions to The the previous instructions with This section these with the software selecting software (To Loading and turned the right and the the only to this arrow the right
the following when the Its usually whiter or than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the If or other or types, instructions. the Software and ready to software From the You slightly the following selections the EPSON COLOR selected. If the (If or Then the Select Click to software
If the instead of selecting from the the option to the software Selecting Software Once software The thing to to the the The affects the other options choose. If necessary, the to the shown below: the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To text Black Select the type of Select the Select Select or higher-quality or Click OK
the option to This the software the Its the to of the the to Quality or This choose higher or (or the (The when selected.) selected OK to to information about the right-click item the and then Whats This?. Selecting The apply to the currently If type of applicationsfor the You this using the Click to and then Right-click the EPSON COLOR Select NT). Then the Select the to applications. Click OK when finished. the when to of Another to of to them as group;
Once clicked OK to the Click OK (or to the appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You and appear Click to or below advanced through information printingfor the or Reference Click OK to Click to Click to or Click to about the
This section these Macintosh: the software selecting software (To with Loading and turned the right and the the the following when the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the If or other or types, instructions. only to this arrow the right
the Software and ready to and other software From the You slightly the following selections the SC selected. (If the incorrect, to the Chooser; the instructions.) the and Reference Click OK to the and to Select and Printable Click OK
Selecting Software the and You the slightly Select The thing to to the the The affects the other options choose. the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to Color to To text Black the option to This the software the Its the to of the the to Quality or This choose higher or (or the (The when selected.) selected to Select or higher-quality or Select the type of Select the
Once clicked If turned background EPSON from the Application the right of the to the of You the EPSON Click to Click to Click the or Then to and If background to the the and the through information printingfor the or Reference Click to
with PhotoEnhance The includes PhotoEnhance options that increase and to the appearance of low-resolution You effects, such as Soft If high-resolution to the instead; or (Macintosh). PhotoEnhance only affects with PhotoEnhance and Follow these or software. On first choose and selecting from the Reference (You often these software. If should the there.) Access the as or (Macintosh).
You of these boxes: the to (If which to select, Choose (You PhotoEnhance Black selected.) Click PhotoEnhance If photograph with the Correction This the appearance of photographs with Click PhotoEnhance
You of photographs. Select the that closely matches photograph People or Nature or of the Soft or You to with these to the You the Advanced to as If to of and the (You often these software. If should the there.) to already If to reduce or the to or the following: Click the Click the (You often these software. If should the there.) Click OK to to Then OK (or to Click to the Reference as
Custom EPSON COLOR software includes with options of as or These options the type of and or color-matching Follow these to with types: or software. On Macintosh, first choose and selecting from the Reference (You often these software. If should the there.) Access the as or Choose the to (If which to Choose or Black Click Custom and then Custom You the of types. choose and type Click then to type
choose and type Choose type following these (these restricted and Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and rough of text ICM Matching; and only): created ICM recommended with created using such as those the World ColorSync only): with ColorSync and You these the Advanced to as If to of and the (You often these software. If should the there.) to already Click then to type
If to reduce or the to or the following: Click the Click the (You often these software. If should the there.) Click OK to to Then OK (or to Click to the Reference as Advanced and effects. You as them whenever To advanced follow these or software. On Macintosh, first choose and selecting from the Reference (You often these software. If should the there.) Access the as or Select and
Click Custom and then the Advanced You the Advanced Click to Quality Click to This section Quality the selected the and selected the You them as Choose Quality (the This section the selected
Select (the operating Select other to change. of the selected other choose. the software Reference or them as group. Then them whenever Click the Advanced and OK. Click OK to to the If to of and the (You often these software. If should the there.) to already If to reduce or the to or the following: Click the Click the (You these software. If should the there.) Click OK to to Then OK (or to Click to
the and To EPSON included the EPSON Quality that with Instructions the with other the following of EPSON and information, the back cover. EPSON Quality EPSON Quality and as Quality as the Heavyweight Heavyweight professional-looking, and graphics to as including beneath the Heavyweight as the EPSON You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. of or the following when EPSON the with the whiter facing to sheets of 6-inch, or or of included the
Select as the To their them resealable or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to the as as If or follow the instructions to and the If 6-inch, or the 6-inch EPSON 6-inch around the and the to the of the paperon the the right with the facing and the perforated as shown. Then the the You to sheets with the included and beneath the (If the sheets, to the software, to inches. softwares Reduce/Enlarge or to as Reference Choose as the Choose as the and as the Printable the back and forth the perforations and tear off the of top of the
the of the top and the to feed the the as the Choose as the and as the You EPSON to photographic and to inches the to the of inches to account the necessary the following the instructions included the Then the and the from or its then and release the to feed the the Select as the and the of as the the as from the the
You to first and them the right and the them. each or the thickness to the when or other thick the to the Select as the and choose the as the If the smears or (light try turning off High the Advanced instructions the and thick
Selecting the Correct the type of software. Thats why the It what of and the coverage accordingly. the should choose this Select this or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality Heavyweight Heavyweight EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON Light Light If with cleaning the cleaning sheet with this the Quality Quality
This section to its and Follow the instructions cleaning the head (below) the head cleaning the the Reference as Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head You the head of the following the Head Cleaning (when the connected to as using the buttons, as the Its to least once month to quality. If with cleaning the cleaning with the
the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and both the lights off. (If light the instead.) If the as or with to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Then NT). Click the Macintosh: Click the button. On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to clean the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the light flashing, to the head clean. the the and click Then Next The Head Cleaning and
If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the Quality You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the to Clean the Head Follow the below to clean the head. information.) the turned and both the lights off. (If light flashing, the cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the Press the light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the flashing, to the the If connected directly to the to to If and containing and the of then to If the as or (Macintosh). light flashes. cleaning and
with to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Then NT). Click the Click the the the and Next The the section If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the the It should something this: and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head instructions.
Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the You empty. the the obtained the the head these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020189 S020191 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please If to the lights the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge
and Cartridges light flashing or (If these when both lights off, the cleans the heads as You when the Once the the Follow these to light should flashing), then the cover. the turned and (the cleaning and about three seconds the head and the Press the To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant the The from its (The shows To the only the the the of the and of of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with or light flashing.
the Then the yellow of the top. You the from the top of the or permanently Dont off the or try to the clear the the its with the facing and the back of the Press the the If to the other through with cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes, and the Charging about seconds. finished, the The light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the light flashing and (S020189) (S020191)
Outdated Cartridge than months to that as as they If cleaning and the head, or both light flashing or Follow these to the light should flashing), then the cover. the turned and (the and about three seconds the head and the Press the To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant the The from its (The shows To the the the the of the and of of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with light flashing. or
the Then only the of the top. You the from the top of the or permanently Dont off the or to the clear the the its with the facing and the back of the Press the the If to the other through with and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes and the Charging about seconds. finished, the The light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the light flashing and (S020189) (S020191)
the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the turned and loaded. thats least inches to from the and the EPSON the whenever the head Dont recycled, or If the as or with to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Select NT). Click the Click the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the Head
Cleaning the To its should clean Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the
Transporting the If to its Follow these To the when the to the the its location. Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the the and the the protective that with the that with to the as the the the head and If the head the head the to the
This section the basics and First to what the of the Then and to and software Its to to www.epson.com and the section to there downloading to You the lights, as below, or as Checking the Lights light light light Follow the the when the lights. cleaning light
The flashes and and the light flashes, supply S020189, S020191). or light to the S020189, S020191). instructions. or and and and the lights flash, internal the as the Then off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON; information. off the lights off, the these light when the and ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. light flashes and both lights Press the the to to clear the If that off the and the of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Turn the and the to light or incorrectly loaded. of the curled, creased, or too thin. Then the the right and the Press the to the and lights flash, and or both of the lights of the head or the from the cartridge(s). Turn off the the cover, and Then the back If light and the head the cartridge(s) as If the lights and/or or EPSON; information. the turned Turn off the the securely, and turn the the operable and switch or If try another
You to whether from the or other Follow these to the both the and turned off. the interface from the the the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. (If the its to the head; To the off the the Then the interface and and If the the software the interface or If the with the and If nothing to or EPSON as then and release the the
If the of the to these right cover thickness
and basic troubleshooting software, feeding or other the or Software The installation. The first the charge its about charging finishes (the light flashing) off the If off the while properly and than the the completely and that the Turn off the from and it to clear the Then off, and turn If the or the light flashing off the If the light flashing when back EPSON or Where To the software. follow the instructions the securely connected to the and closed other including and protection software. Then the software Reference instructions
with light nothing the the interface connected securely and that the the or as If the and software correctly. If to as Reference The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head, too the or If high-resolution than the listed. You Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the the following: Choose Black include the Quality/Speed to the softwares Advanced MicroWeave off and High If the ECP/DMA or the instructions. when turn or while.
Quality You the head clogged. To the head, the matches the loaded. the of the It whiter or isnt To the than months or (Macintosh) instructions. the thickness the (shown right). to the to thick or off High the software. the Head EPSON instructions. You the Head EPSON instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and the thickness to the If with actually the to the
or smeared. isnt or (the should If of with or or the Reference the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and smear. the thickness to the as shown or the the head clogged. To the head, the lights to the To the matches the loaded. isnt or If of with the usually whiter or than the other
You or the to and the head clogged. To the head, isnt To the than months If high-resolution off PhotoEnhance. or instructions. using PhotoEnhance with that such as exactly match on-screen to as as information, Reference You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected and that the the or Then selected or as the or the the Chooser. If switch with the directly to and try higher the Quality/Speed to the Quality software; or (Macintosh). the Head instructions. You to increase the or software
with Too the the software and both or If the the Press the to the Then the or software. If when the or too thin. feed. the of from the that the Isnt or creased Isnt too Isnt the arrow the Isnt the (If the light flashing, the the fits the too tightly. the Turn off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. If frequently: smooth, high-quality the and then the Dont the arrow the the the right and the once. the of from the Then: the isnt too thin. the of the of to the sheets. the as the the too tightly.
Printout The incorrect. the software the Reference instructions. software instructions selecting the The within the of the Specifications Reference information. The or incorrect. the and/or options correctly. The inverted, as Turn off the software or the software. (If EPSON Iron-On Cool the should inverted when The the the software Reference instructions. the head clogged. To the head,
Uninstalling Software then the Double-click Double-click Click EPSON Software the then the EPSON COLOR Click the and follow the instructions. If the USB EPSON USB Devices the then the software CD-ROM. Double-click the the CD-ROM and the COLOR Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. finished, Macintosh. Software software, first as Then follow the instructions the to software. (You to the EPSON or
Where To If with or its software, the information below. If using other software with EPSON the that software technical information. EPSON EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours as the following services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP EPSON CompuServe Automated services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM EPSON FaxAdvice TM EPSON Service If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the user anonymous and as the of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and to commonly about EPSON products hours Access technical information You to this service. the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer
To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON COLOR Product (located the back of the of the You purchase and from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please