Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. If as the back of this the and sheets. Turn On the the Press the Cartridges Dont the the cover. the cover. Unpack the the yellow from each Dont other from the the the each Press the they click. the cover and clicks. the cover. Press the to charge Charging about three Dont off the while the light flashing or The first the to charge the with the first their rated life. the and its the and its 1-F C 1-F Press the release and the to the Release the right and the Dont sideways; first. Press the release and the 1-F 1-F
Cartridges Dont the the cover. Unpack the cover. Unpack the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. If as the back of this the and sheets. only the yellow from each Dont other from the Turn On the the the each the Press the Press the they click. the and clicks. the cover. Press the to charge Charging about three Dont off the while the light flashing or The first the to charge the with the first their rated life. the and its the and its 1-F C 1-F Press the release and the to the Release the right and the Dont first. Press the release and the 1-F 1-F
Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. If as the back of this the and Turn On the the Press the Cartridges the cover and it clicks. Dont the the cover. the cover. the cover. Unpack the Press the to charge Charging about three the from each Dont off the while the light flashing or Dont other from the The first the to charge the with the first their rated life. the the each the and its Press the they click. the and its 1-F C 1-F Press the release and the to the Release the right and the Dont it first. Press the release and the 1-F 1-F
Cartridges Dont the the cover. the cover. Unpack the the yellow from each Dont other from the the the each Press the they click. Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. If as the back of this the and Turn On the the Press the Press the release and the to the the cover and clicks. the cover. Release the right and the Press the to charge Charging about three Dont off the while the light flashing or The first the to charge the with the first their rated life. Dont first. the and its Press the release and the the and its 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F
Software software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and and OS and the NOT CONNECTED to If this, and the USB You cant software that the Software CD. With the Autoplay Then the Account Click and follow the on-screen instructions. Software this the first option and then Next If to through the option, Next and to prompted, the USB USB the turned If securely and turned the Follow the instructions to the of the software and the CD. ready to or on-screen Reference instructions. the NOT CONNECTED to the Software CD. Double-click the Click and follow the instructions. Software prompted, the USB USB the turned OS users: to Other users: with this the Follow the to the right to the Instructions Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. ready to or on-screen Reference instructions. The installation. The first the charge its head three or charging finishes (the light flashing) off the or charge improperly and the If the or the light flashing off the If the light flashing when back as Turn off the then the the and the cover closed completely. the then the back to clear the the software. follow the instructions to the to the instructed to and turned and the USB securely connected both the the other including and protection software, and the software the On-screen Reference Click the shortcut easy to information. On-screen with software or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software Photoshop www.adobe.com/support 1-B C 1-B and the and You purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Recommended specially coated to with and longevity. high or High to or the below to Its as easy as Black T079120 T079320 T079220 T079620 T079520 T079420 and and service of Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-22648R1 the below and with when purchasing Black T079120 T079320 T079220 T079620 T079520 T079420 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B
Software the NOT CONNECTED to software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and and OS and the to NOT CONNECTED the Software CD. If this, and the USB You cant software that Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. Software CD. Software the With the Autoplay the Account Then prompted, the USB USB the turned and follow Click the on-screen instructions. Software OS users: to Other users: with this the first option and then Next this the If to through the and Next option, to prompted, the USB USB the turned Follow the to the right to the Instructions If securely and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. or on-screen ready to Reference instructions. the CD. ready to or on-screen Reference instructions. The installation. The first the charge its head three or charging finishes (the light off the or charge improperly and the If the or the light flashing off the If the light flashing when back as Turn off the then the the and the cover closed completely. the then the back to clear the the software. follow the instructions to the to the instructed to and turned and the USB securely connected both the the other including and protection software, and the software the On-screen Reference Click the shortcut easy to information. On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software Technical Photoshop www.adobe.com/support 1-B C 1-B and the and You purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Recommended specially coated to with and longevity. heavyweight high or occasions. High to or the below to Its as easy as Black T079120 T079320 T079220 T079620 T079520 T079420 and and service of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-22648R1 the below and it with when purchasing Black T079120 T079320 T079220 T079620 T079520 T079420 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B
Software software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and and OS and the to NOT CONNECTED If this, and the USB You cant software that CD. Software the With the Autoplay the Account Then and follow Click the on-screen instructions. Software this the first option and then Next If to through the and Next option, to prompted, the USB USB the turned If securely connected and the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. Reference or on-screen ready to instructions. the to NOT CONNECTED The The first the its head three or charging finishes (the light flashing) off the or charge improperly and the If the or the light flashing off the If the light flashing when back as CD. Software the Turn off the then the the and the cover closed completely. the then the back to clear the Double-click the the software. and follow the on-screen instructions. Software installation Click follow the instructions to the to the instructed to and turned and the USB securely connected both the the other including and protection software, and the software prompted, the USB USB the turned the Reference Click the shortcut easy to information. On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical OS users: to Other users: with and to You and and troubleshooting or with the this to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then Follow the to the right to the U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Instructions Software Technical Photoshop www.adobe.com/support necessary. Next Click Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. or ready to Reference instructions. 1-B C 1-B and the and You purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Recommended specially coated to with and longevity. heavyweight high or High to or the below to Its as easy as Black T079120 T079320 T079220 T079620 T079520 T079420 and and service of Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-22648R1 the below and with when purchasing Black T079120 T079320 T079220 T079620 T079520 T079420 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B
the to NOT CONNECTED CD. Software the Double-click the and follow the on-screen instructions. Software Click prompted, the USB USB the turned OS users: to Other users: with the this Follow the to the right to the Instructions necessary. Next Click Follow the instructions to the of the software and the CD. Reference or on-screen ready to instructions. software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and and OS and the to NOT CONNECTED If this, and the USB You cant software that CD. Software the With the Autoplay the Account Then and follow Click the on-screen instructions. Software this the first option and then Next If to through the and Next option, to prompted, the USB USB the turned If securely connected and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. or on-screen ready to Reference instructions. Software and the and You purchase them The installation. SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or The first the its www.epson.ca You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON head three or charging finishes (the light flashing) off the or charge improperly and the turn Recommended If the or the light flashing turn off the If the light flashing when back as specially coated to with and longevity. Turn off the then the the and the cover closed completely. the then the back to clear the heavyweight high or the software. follow the instructions to the to the instructed to and turned and the USB securely connected both the the High other including and to or protection software, and the software the below to Its as easy as the Reference T079320 Black T079120 Click the shortcut easy to information. T079620 On-screen with software T079220 when or Select software. T079420 T079520 Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: and and service of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Product Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the This information to without Inc. CPD-22648R1 Then through PM to AM U.S.: through PM to AM and hours of to without or charges apply. Software Technical Photoshop www.adobe.com/support the below and with when purchasing Black T079120 T079320 T079220 T079620 T079520 T079420 Printed XXXXXX 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B