rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. PhotoEnhance, and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD-8875R1 Copyright America, Inc. Copyright Notice
The EPSON Scan the full-featured scanning, and copying without Its the business graphics, photographyor Its professional that with You then or or them You and then the text You EPSON Scan as You from the then the without turning to and The EPSON Scan with these features: to photo-quality and text with with copying and both and with USB the and and
the information users only. the information users only. scanning, which to whenever the Scan the EPSON Scan Easy-to-use software scanning, and copying Optional (included with the EPSON Scan copying or to and Optional and EPSON Scan easy to these features: or (Macintosh) You of with photograph or with You choose the and of and professional Copy the and then the to high-quality Scanning this the Scan the to EPSON applications. OCR when with OCR character of and text that
If and EPSON Scan that or The incoming to through information. If and or then to customers, or About Software software the EPSON Scan to and follow the instructions the to this software: and Work the to and You the and TWAIN) directly to with advanced whenever EPSON Scan EPSON and clicking buttons You with the Scan scanning. or and through the service which through instructions and using
the on-screen EPSON or other the Format (PDF). CD-ROM) Image-editing software effects, and creating business cards, and More Information There of information EPSON Scan including and where to this first to EPSON Scan and its software. You to follow these instructions the EPSON Scan. EPSON Scan Reference information about EPSON Scan including technical specifications. You or Microsoft or to Reference instructions. On-screen Whenever with EPSON or of the other software that with EPSON Scan the or Other EPSON and include the PDF instructions and reading If of these please Where To
warning You or or to Reference Notes, and Please follow these as this to to to Notes information about EPSON Scan. hints scanning, and Please to the EPSON Scan and back to already when software. This to information options, products, and software with EPSON Scan. Reading Reference EPSON Scan Reference EPSON Scan software CD-ROM. You it from the CD-ROM or to and from there. Follow these EPSON Scan software CD-ROM. Double-click the Then the Epson_ss2500 CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON SS2500 CD-ROM Double-click the then the
Click Reference to the to the To the of the following: Click to EPSON, and EPSON Scan Reference Macintosh: Double-click the Reference the EPSON STYLUS SCAN Double-click the then the EPSON STYLUS SCAN The Reference Click Reference You this Click topic to the Click topics the to the
You when other EPSON Scan software. If from the EPSON Scan CD-ROM. Follow the instructions If already of to expanding the the topic to If theres right arrow to Then the topic to Click to Click to topic. Reading Other To EPSON or other PDF where software PDF located: of the following: Click to EPSON and the EPSON SMART PANEL and EPSON the the the EPSON software CD-ROM. the the Welcome
the Started (GetStart.pdf) the English or (Macintosh) CD-ROM. this First With to through the the of the to to the topic of choice. the arrow the or the the right of the to through (The to the of the displays the Click topics, which or displayed To topic If the hand, the topic hotyou to it clicking once. information, Next Previous
EPSON software, following the instructions the the EPSON You the EPSON of scanning, as as high-quality copying and photo You to of the To the EPSON of the following: Click the the right of the when If closed and to EPSON SMART PANEL from the Apple or from the EPSON You the EPSON shown Click the to of the the following If information, the as
Click to to the of the Copy Click to You the to of and with to the Copy the of output than when without instructions, the Copy Utility Click to the Copy Utility. Click to Click to Click to copying
Scan to If to or or photo the EPSON Scans then the clicking the and the The EPSON Scan and to You Scan to to only). instructions, with Click the buttons, or Click the the to Then the
Scan to If and service, EPSON Scan to or The Scan to the choose, including Then the and with or instructions, Scanning to
If than the this that to This shows of the Scan to OCR character or OCR, text text that The Scan to OCR easy to the this process: Scan the and the using this: the choose, including HTML. with the instructions, Scanning to OCR text Click the or to or reduce the
the EPSON that to The of the selected image(s) the shown. To its The easy to You and then them EPSON or cards. You of to or or this, where the instructions,
the EPSON that to The easy to You and then them EPSON photo or cards. You sheets of to or or this, where to or of instructions, (Macintosh) or of
appear Scan to Application This and then You the to and the the using this instructions, Scanning to Application Click to Click to the selected
To its Scan Creativity This and then which through the to as or With first choose from with Click to instructions, Scanning Creativity If information about its as Welcome
rather than To switch to Click the the of the You the Select Switch to To switch from back to the the and Switch to EPSON to this
You cant the optional with the function. Copying You EPSON Scan the the then the Copy You to The buttons the EPSON Scans the and of or and white, and or If copying the EPSON Copy to copying from instructions this chapter the following: Positioning the the to without the Copy Copying
If the to Loading instructions the Copying Positioning the First loaded, following the instructions Then follow these to the to the cover. the the the and with the the of the top of the cover slowly. to the
Scan You the to the from U.S. to the the LCD or the to the factory information about EPSON Scan Reference the You operations from the EPSON Scans LCD Quality B&W/Color Reduce/Enlarge Item The LCD displays the first the EPSON Scan, these B&W Normal This to and white of the as the Normal copying). Follow these to using the to the EPSON Scan. the light flashing. Press the the and the the cover. Press the of appears the LCD with around To the to the Copy Stop/Clear Copying
To to its the Stop/Clear while the the EPSON Scan, to their The appear the LCD the EPSON Scan to Copying If to or the or The appear temporarily the LCD with the bracketed. to the or to the to (You to as light or as as the To or than the the or Reduce/Enlarge You as as of the or as as If to the B&W/Color Press the Quality to quality. The following recommended Normal: Text, art, or graphics Photographs photographs EPSON To than the You to Press the Copy to copying.
the Copy The Copy the EPSON to professional with features, and the software and connected to and Then with the instructions these copying the advanced and Copying the instructions the (as or the (as of the following: Click the the to the Click the Apple then EPSON SMART PANEL to the Copy Click the Copying
Click to choose the type of Click to choose Click to the of the The EPSON Scan the to Thats why this high-quality Choosing the Right EPSON You the Copy Click to advanced Choose the type of using the Then choose Choose type the Choose Text text only. Choose copying photograph. Choose Text and includes both text and Choose the to (To Click to choose type. Click to the Copy Click to Click to Click to copying. Click to copying
Click the buttons to switch from to and white, or increase the of to finished selecting the Copy the The EPSON Scan the and displays the Then and appears the or instructions the Copy You the Copy to the of If to the following to the If the to the as the the to to the to appears the Copy Click the or Reduce/Enlarge to increase or the of from to (The the ratio of the to the It each Copying
Copying You the Scaling to and the Follow these Click the the Copy You the below. Click and to Click to to or If to the the to reduce or Then OK to to the
If to or the to You this of the following: Choose from the with If the software to the then of appears the Source with To the manually, selection and then You of Source and the with the of the following: To the manually, and the around the Release the when the the To the to and the around the Source The immediately the Click OK to to the Copy Copying
the More the the Copy Utilitys to If to them. instructions Copying Advanced You photograph or photo apply or tint, brightness, and and the Follow the instructions the sections below. To photographs or follow these Click More the Copy You this On the Enhanced Copy necessary. To the of automatically, and the arrow. You this Select the option that and OK You to the Click the arrows to
If the arrow Photograph selected, then OK to to the The of of the and You to reduce the of to If copying photograph and to the automatically, follow these Click More the Copy On the Enhanced Copy necessary. Select and the arrow. You this Choose of the following Straighten Only straightens the the to the that fits the Copy fits of the Click OK You to the If to tint, follow these Click More the Copy On the Enhanced Copy necessary.
Copying Select Conversion and the arrow. You this Choose the to to and OK You to the Colors and Collating To the or to when using the follow these Click the Copy Click the To the to the following Brightness the amount of light the the of light and the the of The the the the
If the and selected as the the ADF If to of If Normal selected. Click when You to the Copy and Follow these to or Click More the Copy Click the Advanced You this If to the and (The and from clock.) To the arrow to Watermark/Layout appears to choose the software Copying
Copying Click OK and of the following Click the to the Click the to the Click to choose Click the arrow the selection and from the Click the checkbox, then from the
If to the or of the of the following: Click You the and OK the the and OK You to the Click OK to the Click to the You to the Advanced the Copy Click You to the Copy Copying
Copying Advanced You advanced as type. Then, when to the type the Follow these to finished to the Copy You the the and Click You to the Copy The to the the If to type, the type to and type
with EPSON Scan using other the (or from the or photographs of creative or (Macintosh) the EPSON To with EPSON Scan, follow the instructions these Choosing the right and with with with Choosing the Right and to things: the right Choose the right You and and those the that with
each type of which the software Although to basic such as and to with softwares advanced These allow to professional with the and You the with the that with EPSON Scan. To the and the of the right of the Then the the the the Follow these the (the whiter and brighter with to them correctly. or the top of the the first. If the corner, this.
other the section of EPSON Scan Reference Dont the arrow the You to sheets of or Quality Cards. Quality to the arrow the the to the as as You the EPSON that to photographs that as as the from processing. EPSON 6-inch micro-perforated around the and the to the of the paperon A4 inches) and Whatever of choose, as the and the the following when EPSON 6-inch You to of to inches. the back and forth the perforations and tear off the and life, EPSON the back cover of EPSON and information. instructions of the EPSON Scan Reference
the thickness switch to the the switch to the to as the and the You of to the sheet first, with the the the thickness switch
information the EPSON Scan Reference with You type of from following the this section. the EPSON Scan connected to turned and the software the instructions. as the and Print. You those below. (If the If this selected... then Properties.
This shows the The the and often software. If should them there instead. Click the information about the EPSON Scan Reference as the the EPSON Scan the noted If which to choose, Click the the top of the to the of or Select the loaded. Choose Color, only. the option to Choose or Click information.
of the Click to appear Click to or below. Click the to of the following: reduce or of to or Click OK the To OK or the appears. You or You and printed/ Click to Click to about the
Click the information about the EPSON Scan Reference as You type of from following the this section. the EPSON Scan connected to turned and the software Also, selected SS the Chooser. the sheet instructions. Follow the instructions the and (or You this: Choose and as necessary. Then OK.
This shows the Choose only. the and choose You the (If the Select the loaded. the option to Choose the noted If which to choose, You the following: Click the to reduce or layouts, or Click the Background to of Click the to the to You then to Click the to Click to Choose or
If turned background EPSON To the EPSON EPSON the Application to or from this with You choose photographs and other of or advanced to This section covers the following both and Macintosh: Enhancing photographs advanced
Photographs If photographs, their appearance. Although with the permanently to affects the the EPSON Scan or options the the then choose the Click PhotoEnhance then to the as shown the Choose or with the other Select other to then: Click OK the Then OK (or to Click to Custom Custom choose graphics, or operating and other choose. EPSON Scan or options (Macintosh; Select the then choose or Black Click the Custom then the Custom You of types, as shown to the
instructions softwares advanced the EPSON Scan Reference as of the below: Text/Graph: graphics-intensive with charts and rough ICM: Matching; only) created ICM and as closely as recommended only): created using such as those the ColorSync only): with ColorSync and applications. Select other to then: Click OK the Then OK (or to Click to Advanced advanced You as them whenever Follow the instructions the section to EPSON Scan or options Select the then choose or Black
them as group. Then them whenever Click the Advanced and OK. Click the Custom then the Advanced You the Advanced the and These the as the selected the software You them as Choose Quality Select (the operating Select other to then: Click OK the Then OK (or to Click OK to to the options Then to
this Select this sheets or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Choosing the Right EPSON You to choose the right EPSON Scan the coverage accordingly. This that the of the should choose EPSON the EPSON that choose the choose Quality Quality Quality
The to photographs to the EPSON only). You the 6-inch EPSON or You or or that already connected to turned and the software Then follow the instructions Scanning Photo below, or Computer Scanning photo(s) with the first the right of the the of the with the the If than photo, each Click the the to the Then the You the Click The
Click Scan You this Click the Scan to photo. finished, this
If to and and If finished scanning, You photo(s) this: to the information. Click Then with the
Click the the to the Then the You the Click The Click from You Select the where image(s) Then OK You image(s) the Then the selection with the instructions the section.
Click to increase the of You choose to of the or or the of each If Select the with If Specify of and then the and arrows to the of each as shown below.
Click to EPSON Quality Cards. Click to EPSON 6-inch Click to or instructions and the of each You the Click the the You choose from three A6 EPSON Quality Cards (or 6-inch EPSON or type of You choices, which
the of sheets to that If the following: Click the that to On or the If only to of the If each or them. the this Click to through the
the coverage to the choose. instructions of the EPSON Scan Reference Click then the the right to through the Choose the right the Choose EPSON Choose Quality EPSON Quality the that or EPSON Quality Cards. Choose Heavyweight EPSON Heavyweight. Choose EPSON of EPSON and their choose You this
Choose from the following and layouts): which and slightly to the or apply trimming. If chose with to around You then with white to white and the Choose option: (to increase and sharpness), of three effects), or (to the the You to the Click to photo(s). the appears, as shown finished to Print.
The to photographs to the EPSON only). You the 6-inch EPSON or You or or that already to turned and the software Then follow the instructions Scanning below, or Computer Scanning with the first the right of the the of the with the the If than each the Apple and EPSON SMART PANEL to the Then the You the Click The
If that photograph), choose Newspaper, or Brochure. These and Click Scan You the Select the type of from the Scan If the beneath the correct, to To the chosen the Scan selection, to and If and the TWAIN information about using the TWAIN Choose of the following Scan buttons: type of or and white or artwork with Black&White text or with Choose of the following Destination buttons: that the or the (Normal) text or that normally photographs or other that the highest or with this
You cant the the optional If the to than Scan If the optional ADF Then to If the to Click the The EPSON Scan and displays the Click and the the to the to You of other this that the correct, the Scan scanned. If selected Scan appears to scanning. If to the the first and to the the as and If to
completed, this: If to the the with If selected and to them of the The with of
the Apple and EPSON SMART PANEL to the Then the You the Click The Click from You the Select Then You image(s) displayed the Then the the section.
You choose to of the or or the of each Scan or as the previous From the You the Select and from the You choose from of Each to choose from. On or the To the thumbnail the and then the where the to appear. (You the existing with ones.)
from the You of the following Heavyweight Quality Select the of clicking the arrow buttons. (The of to the three of and choose To title to the top of the title the You the title. Click OK when To or other the Option You the following
as below (the reflects or to clicking the boxes to them. to clicking Black and White or the its selecting of the following: the the or If the to the to the to of the clicking of the the the to the or right or clicking the finished OK Click OK to apply to the or to apply to the Click OK to to the finished with EPSON Scan Click the Click finished or of the other buttons to
of You of to reference or to them. Follow these Scan or as the From the the You the To the thumbnail the and then the where the to appear. (You the existing with ones.) Select from the You choose from of Select type from the You of the following Heavyweight Quality Select or the orientation.
the of and their with the and Col (The when switch and To title, the title the You the title. Click OK when Select the of clicking the arrow buttons. (The of to the three of and choose If to or the Select the then OK the that appears, to option, then OK The option selected as the To or other the Option button. You the following
as below (the reflects selections): or to photo clicking the boxes to them. to clicking Black and White or the its selecting of the following: the the or If the to the to the to of the clicking of the the the to the or right or clicking the arrows finished OK to to the finished with EPSON Scan Click the Click finished or of the other buttons to
Scanning Scanning with the EPSON Scan and Then or the them or them to that If with scanning, the EPSON Scan TWAIN interface to with Photoshop or other the of with on-screen EPSON Scan offers scanning, which to the Scan instructions the following this chapter: with TWAIN Scanning to OCR processing) Scanning to Scanning
The commands choose and from to another. with might choose or Select Source from the instead of If clicking GET AND FIX PHOTO, then the arrow below the and Scan FB as input Click the to the Scanning then to the EPSON TWAIN Scanning Scanning creativity Scanning to Scanning with TWAIN The of or the (such as or Photoshop) the TWAIN and options Scanning and The first with EPSON Scan to as TWAIN instructions EPSON TWAIN software, EPSON Scan Reference Starting Scan software and EPSON Scan connected to and turned the to the the and with the the of the Then the cover. Photoshop. From the choose then of the following: Select TWAIN Source TWAIN Select
Select the basic the the Scan the If the optional or those options the Source Select EPSON Scan FB and of the following: Select OK From the choose then of the following: TWAIN TWAIN The EPSON TWAIN (The shown, the the Choose the Source: Select from the from the optional Select TPU the optional to Select TPU using the to Scanning
Higher that to and process. Scanning Choose Select to photograph Select to from halftone from photo Select Black White to tones. Select to and white without Select OCR to Select Copy to combining text and graphics and white quality. Choose the Destination: OCR or the highest photo choose Click the to To further the section and Scanning of to Scan You the and of or corrections to the and highlights. To the of type the Source and boxes, or the (The of reduction or shown to the right of the Choose the scanning: Choose to (or to them or the Choose text scanning. Choose higher or to photo.
Click the to the (To only of To automatically, the TWAIN software and highlights to choose this To the highlights and the You the following or the the brightest of the the of the that they or white text OCR). Scanning
Scanning To tones, the Tone Correction You the following Select the to To the You this casts from the of the finished the Scan to finished, the EPSON TWAIN that with the If with the the to to the tone to the tone.
Scanning of Scanning reduce the of the of If to of scanning, follow these Click the the EPSON TWAIN appears around Click and of the to the to Click the to Follow the to Scan to and the Scanning
Scanning Scanning to OCR OCR character the of text that the software or Then and the or This section covers: Scanning the text Processing the the text Scanning the Text the as Positioning the of the following to the EPSON Click the the the Apple and EPSON SMART PANEL Click the Scan to OCR You the OCR Click The Scan to OCR Click to EPSON TWAIN, or... Select Click using the optional
If advanced and the TWAIN information about using the TWAIN You cant the the Click the that to the scanning. Choose of the following Scan buttons: that include and white photographs or artwork with Black&White that include text or text with If the to than Scan If the optional ADF If to the to If the The EPSON Scan and displays the Click and the the to the to You of other this Click the Scan to If selected Scan appears to scanning. If to the the and through If follow the the section to or the Scanning
Scanning Processing the Text completed, this If OCR If the text English, the the OCR option to the OCR If necessary, from the Click You the shown below. Choose of the following the which with and Force text Click the
If than to the to This shows of the Click Straighten to the software crooked and the of the Click OK to to the Scan to OCR Then to the completed, this: appears the If necessary, the or to the of the the to the of the Unclear characters highlighted or characters with Click the text the and or as necessary. The the shows of the to the text editing. text Click to or reduce the Scanning
Scanning the the You the You the text or further editing. Follow the instructions the Text below, or Word Processing the Text Click the You this
Choose type from the following Text that and with text Text RTF Text Format) that and Microsoft Word or other Text Format formatting. HTML (Hypertext that or the PDF Format; only) that the the automatically. If the to the of each Click the to choose the where to choose of the following: each each using the to each Scanning
If PDF the instead of the Exporting to the where to type and OK. information to the then OK Scanning Click the You the following Click to Scan to OCR, Exporting to or to to edited text and the to OCR from the Word Processing Click the You this: The software the that the Select the to then the (If to from the or Property and
actually them If the the they The and displays You with other The as follows: The DOCU0001 Windows\temp The (three the Temporary Items each the the increases DOCU0002 or the You the location and as the instructions. the Scan to OCR Click to Scan to OCR, Exporting to or to to the to OCR from the Scanning
Scanning Word If to the the Property You this To the the The appears the Format You of the other (there If to to the to Scan to Application. instructions. If to from the the and Appear Application to the Click OK to the Application
to to that already connected to the If that photograph, choose Newspaper, or Brochure. These and Scanning to If service, and easily and other the software to of easy You the when the Scanning the as Positioning the of the following to the EPSON Click the the the Apple and EPSON SMART PANEL Click the Scan to You the Scan to Click The Scan to Select the type of from the Scan icons. If the beneath the correct, to Scanning
Scanning To the basic chosen the Scan selection, to and If advanced and the TWAIN information about the TWAIN Choose of the following Scan buttons: type of or and white photographs or artwork with Black&White or with Choose of the following Destination buttons: that displayed the or the only (Normal) text or that normally photographs or other that the highest or with this If the to than Scan If using the optional ADF Then to If the to
You cant the the optional Click the The EPSON Scan and displays the Click and the the to the to You of other this Click the Scan button. scanned. If selected Scan appears to scanning. If to the the and to the the as necessary, then and If to Scanning
Scanning completed, this: to the Click to the Click to the or Choose or (Macintosh) from the when finished You to the selection To and the section.
Formatting and the At the Specify Specify You this (shown to the to the If than they numbered. choose The JPEG choice If JPEG as the type, the Option becomes active. If to the or of JPEG the Option and the to choose high and high Then OK If to choose Text Text Format or HTML The software OCR and the information. Choose only) to when the clicks The based the type of scanning. EPSON of Click Apply to choices and the Scanning
Scan to and Microsoft and Microsoft Scanning Click the selection The software the and choose the to the to then You write and then with or text attached. finished You the Scan to Click to Scan to to or to to the to from the
Scanning Creativity EPSON Scan creative business and Scanning Creativity these the that with EPSON Scan. Scanning the as Positioning the of the following to the EPSON Click the the the Apple and EPSON SMART PANEL Click the Scan Creativity You the Creativity Click The Scan Creativity Follow the Scanning to choose and Click the Scan scanned. Scanning
Scanning If selected Scan appears to scanning. If to the the and to the the as necessary, then and If with of the following Creating below Creating Macintosh Creating If the activity selection Click the to Click the Selection You choice. Click the to Click to
Once of its features to and photo, text and effects, or of information, or the as with the the Scanned photo to the to or Click the first to Then follow the instructions the to the CD-ROM when requested. Click the first Work Scanning
Once of its features to and photo, text and effects, or of information, or the as Scanning Creating You the Scan Creativity Click the to with the Cards Work To the Cards and and follow the instructions the to finished You the Scan Creativity Click to Scan Creativity, to with or to to the creativity from the
Scanning to Application flexibility, and to the as Positioning the of the following to the EPSON Click the the the Apple and EPSON SMART PANEL Click the Scan to Application You the Scan to Application Click The Scan to Application Follow the Scanning to choose and Click the Scan scanned. If selected Scan appears to scanning. Scanning
Scanning If to the the and to the the as necessary, then and If to completed, this: to the Click the or to the Choose or (Macintosh) from the when finished You to the Click to the or previous
If and than selected, chance to the of them Click You this: appear (To To from the or Click the to then the Application The and displays image(s). to the that You the the Application instructions. finished the You the Scan to Application Click to Scan to Application, Scanning to with or to to the to from the Click to the selected Scanning
Scanning New Applications You with Scan to Application. Follow these the Scan to Application the Application You the following Click the to the to
Select the or (Macintosh) that the then You to the Application with the information displayed: The appears the type Select the to the Scan To Application Select the the information about choices, The appears the Scan to Application Scanning
Scanning Removing Applications or You that to appear the Scan to Application or the each the Scan to Application the Property You this: appears the as the previous section. Select the to or The appears the Format If to the of the other that If to the or of JPEG choose JPEG the Format and the Option button. the to choose high and high then OK If to the selected from the Application Appear Application to If to the from the finished, OK
Scanning If often with the EPSON Scan scanning. might that to to or or with them You that the Scan to or Scan Creativity the Scan the EPSON Scans EPSON Scan software, to EPSON when the Scan To that to the EPSON Selecting Application EPSON On Macintosh, to the EPSON to the EPSON when the Scan the section instructions. the EPSON (Macintosh) Follow these to scanning: EPSON the Apple You this Scanning
Scanning If necessary, the EPSON and the EPSON appears the Application OK To EPSON the section. Selecting Application EPSON of the following to the EPSON Click the the the Apple and EPSON SMART PANEL Select from the the of the Scan button appears the select. Scan the EPSON Scans the whenever the Select from the appears the select.
If and with EPSON Scan. You that or and software faxing: If the and software that with EPSON Scan. If with internal with the software that with If purchased third-party the software that EPSON Scan software CD-ROM and with the instructions. EPSON Scan CD-ROM includes offer software that through instructions and using the software and EPSON Scan connected to and turned
If to and You to that with EPSON Scan with software and the to and or only). the Scan to the Follow the instructions this section Scan to You to or connected to and connected to phone If turned Then follow these the to the and the cover. Positioning the of the following to the EPSON Click the the the Apple and EPSON SMART PANEL
Quality and buttons. You the the To and type the Click the Scan to You the Scan to Click the Quality to of these Normal higher smooth-looking photographs Click the to whether or Click the the to The appears the To the correct; then the to the to process. appears then about If selected appears to scanning. the the and scanned. Click when finished Quality and buttons. button.
If phone and telephone, might to to manually. instructions. You when them only). Click the Print-out the Scan to to this Click the to the Scan to EPSON Scan software, to automatically. You while received the background. This what when You the the Scan to only). The light the the Scan to below instructions With the Apple instructions To the the The
Click to thumbnail Then of the following: Click the to the and the Scanning information about the Click the to the selected information. Click the to the the Text instructions. Click the OCR to the Scan to OCR and the text Scanning to OCR information. Click the to the Click to the (Macintosh) Follow these to with the Apple and EPSON SMART PANEL Click the Scan to You the Scan to To the the The (If the Browser the Click the FAX to of Double-click the to to the the information about finished, from the to the Browser.
You the optional to than Scan to You (or change) header information that appears the top of and the buttons. Follow these the Scan to the You the Information, the text to appear the header the top of If Scan Normally the Scan choose A4 or these listed, choose Custom Then the of the faxing. If using the ADF You to buttons. These then when the the Scan to Click then the each Click OK to the You to the Scan to
service To active account, and to to from both and information, to the through the You to about when off or when connected to the and their as to as as them, Follow these to the EPSON Scan CD-ROM of the following to Double-click Then the Epson_ss2500 CD-ROM the and faxoffer.exe Double-click the EPSON SS2500 CD-ROM Then the Double-click the You the following Click to account.
Click the and to the where from that includes and PIN. the when finished. with others and business cards. arrive as to To them, the You PIN to account the account includes Activity that to 10MB. the Activity the If to account that them to others, or them to yourself.
If the EPSON Scan purchase the as option. the If the EPSON Scan with This when to or You the with the EPSON Scans copying without You the with the EPSON TWAIN software and EPSON scanning, faxing, and Follow the instructions the to with the instructions this chapter the following: the Loading Clearing Cleaning the the Follow these to the EPSON Scan turned off. Then the cord. from the the
the the EPSON Scan and the option cover, as shown below. cover Option cover the as shown and its the Then the
the to the EPSON Scans option interface. the to the the as shown below. the
Dont or with coating the Its to artwork, of the Loading to of the following Checks, A4 inches), and B5 inches). the following: from the Clean off from the as the to free of or such as or the right the to the right. Right
If the while EPSON Scan operating, option and feeding the to feeding. with the top leading the Then the right touches the right of Scan or as You the when the the and the Clearing Turn off EPSON Scan, then follow these to clear the the release and the slightly. Release Right the
the the of the to tear the If the the cover the back of the the cover, and the clicks
If the or the scratched, with Cleaning the Path If the of or cleaning the might the Turn off the EPSON Scan, then follow these to clean the the from the EPSON Scans option interface the from the the straight to the
to the or Doing the the Turn the and the white of the the slightly, then them through the the and cloth, gently from the to scratch the
the the the white the through the the back of the the they the
the
To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. Dont ready or the head This chapter the to to EPSON Scan its EPSON Scan Reference instructions this chapter the following: Cleaning the head the head Cleaning the EPSON Scan the EPSON Scan Cartridge or of the empty, the LCD and the light or flash. Its to hand, cant empty. these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020189 S020191 Cartridges should where bought You them from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please
If the from the EPSON Scan, from the option interface. cover If to the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge and Cartridges You whenever that the or empty. (If the cleaning the EPSON Scan cleans the head, as Follow these the EPSON Scan turned and the cover, and then the cover. The internal cover automatically. cover Cleaning cleaning and about three seconds the head and the light flashing. Press the cover
Dont the or to with Once cant Also, the head hand. warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of You the from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the or the The from its the of the EPSON Scan and of the from its the of the top. Dont off the or to the clear the the its with the facing and the back of the Dont the
off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Press the If to the other through to the and covers, and then the cleaning The EPSON Scan the head and charging the The light flashes and the sounds. Charging about finished, the light flashing and
To the the head hand. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Outdated Cartridge that or empty, to than months If as as they to, cleaning and the head first. If or both Follow these to the LCD the EPSON Scan turned and Then the and covers. and about three seconds the head The light flashing. Press the the and the as Removing and Cartridges Dont the cleaning however the and covers and the instead. The EPSON Scan the head and charging the The light flashes and the sounds. Charging about finished, the light flashing and
off the EPSON Scan while the light flashing, hasnt or than Cleaning the Head If light or the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head only You the head using The Head Cleaning software (with the connected to The EPSON Scans buttons. the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning (recommended the EPSON Scan Also, that theres the LCD and Access the as with or Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the on-screen instructions to the head. Cleaning which the EPSON Scan and the light flashes. the light flashing, with the the EPSON Scan and or Confirmation (Macintosh). The
off the EPSON Scan while the light flashing, hasnt or than If the If the Clean to another cleaning If cleaning or three the Quality You off the and overnightthis allows to softenthen the head the to Clean the Head the EPSON Scan turned Also, that theres the LCD cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning which the EPSON Scan and the light flashes. Press the the light flashing, and If connected directly to the EPSON Scan, with If containing and the of then to Access the as with or Macintosh Click the or the (Macintosh). You the the and the Then follow the instructions the to the the
If the If the Clean to another cleaning If cleaning or three the Quality You turn off the and overnightthis allows to softenthen the head the the It should something this (the the section and yellow): and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head
thats least to from the EPSON Scan and EPSON whenever the head or brushes, or or thinners, and the EPSON Scan. You the mechanisms. the Head If or crooked to the Head software. EPSON Scan directly to to this Follow these the EPSON Scan turned and loaded. and Access the as with or Click the or the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the Cleaning the EPSON Scan To EPSON Scan operating its clean it as below. instructions cleaning the Cleaning the Path Turn off the EPSON Scan, the cord, and the interface from the to clean and
warning: to the internal To the when the EPSON Scan. Also, to the head and the lock. clean cloth and to the outer and of the to the clothjust the and covers closed to from Clean the with cloth, or with blower If the EPSON Scan, with cloth. the EPSON Scan the EPSON Scan and it to its and the head and lock. Follow these Turn the EPSON Scan and the head Then off the EPSON Scan. the cord, then the interface the and covers.
to the the right to the the the and covers. from the and then the the to the cover. the to the with as shown below. the and to the EPSON Scan. the EPSON Scan as the
Its to to and the section to there free of charge, downloading to Download instructions and unknown occurred. Turn off the EPSON Scan and Service The Turn off the EPSON Scan and The locked or the to replaced. the the and then the EPSON Scan off and back If properly, This chapter the basics and with EPSON Scan. to what the of the Then and to and software You the LCD The light or If while the only). It helpful to instructions. Follow these when the LCD
and ADF or the the or off the EPSON Scan and the ADF the the or the cover the back of the the cover or the the the EPSON Scan. Press the Theres the the then the Black The nearly empty. to instructions. The nearly empty. to instructions. Black The empty. instructions. The empty. instructions. Cover The EPSON Scan the cover locating If the clear, the from the that the then the to or to or copying.
You to whether the from the EPSON Scan or both the EPSON Scan and turned off. the interface from the EPSON Scan. loaded. then and release the the holding the the light to flash, then release printed, showing the ROM counter, and the printed, off the EPSON Scan. Then the interface and EPSON Scan and If the the software the interface or If the with EPSON Scan. the and information.
cover cover Option EPSON Scan If the of the EPSON Scan, to the following Sheet cover thickness switch
and basic troubleshooting EPSON Scan, software, scanning, or copying, or and quality. Since copying both and scanning, both with and and with Scanning and the EPSON Scan or Its Software The light or slowly. the securely the outlet and the EPSON Scan turned Also, that the and The the The first the charge its Please charging finished (the light flashing) turn off the the completely and that the
The finished charging the the light flashing. the from the If the or the light flashing passed, the off. If the light flashing when back EPSON or To the software. EPSON Scan and turned closed other applications, including Then try the software following the instructions the to USB USB and This the EPSON Scan includes and internal USB though the repetitious, of the installation. You the following the to the the EPSON Scan CD-ROM and or CD-ROM. Then OK If CD-ROM, the (They the or If locating the
You the following Please Edition CD-ROM and the EPSON Scan CD-ROM. Then OK to pass-through EPSON Scan The EPSON Scan to this type of You the and to (You to the EPSON Scan directly to built-in switch You the EPSON Scan to USB only). EPSON Scan with when to the You to software. To this the the EPSON Scan. information. EPSON Scan Reference instructions.
If trying to or enough memory. with and Copying the light nothing Turn off the EPSON Scan and the interface connected securely. shielded USB AB interface or IEEE-1284 theres the EPSON Scan or the as If the printed, EPSON Scan and software correctly. If to EPSON Scan as EPSON Scan Reference The EPSON Scan sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To cleaning Cleaning the Head EPSON Scan when turn or while.
too the Chapter If high-resolution than the listed. You to the following: Clear or Dont too the Increase memory (RAM). the the following: Choose Black include other the Quality/Speed to If from to to and instructions software. If ECP/DMA instructions. with If EPSON Scan or or and the of (and Then the To feeding of the following: isnt creased, or too thin. the of and then the The the of isnt the arrow the EPSON Scan
If the Press the to the Then the or Printout The incorrect. the software instructions selecting the The or incorrect. the and/or options correctly. The the EPSON Scan selected Also, selected as the If Macintosh, SS the Chooser. selected the the head clogged. To cleaning
with Scanning and Copying You to If connected the EPSON Scan to LPT1. LPT2. EPSON Scan software properly. If other software the using memory or using the enough memory. Also, or high enough memory to the closing other or increasing memory (RAM). If the EPSON TWAIN software, EPSON Scan FB as TWAIN EPSON Scan turned and that the interface securely connected both restarting turn the EPSON Scan turn
You of these the the (Macintosh) or ready EPSON Scan turned and securely connected to or USB If EPSON Scan connected to USB connected to first The first the to the than connected to the If copying, SS selected the Chooser If the EPSON TWAIN software, EPSON Scan FB as TWAIN restarting the EPSON Scan to printed. the Chooser, SS and background Then copying
other when Scan Quality Quality You the head clogged. To cleaning Cleaning the Head the matches the loaded. Choosing the Right EPSON the of the Its usually whiter or the LCD that instructions. If than months to Outdated Cartridge If when when try with or instructions. using the Printable the expanded the thickness switch to the as shown the EPSON Scan of the from the
You or the head clogged. To cleaning Cleaning the Head the Head the Head instructions. the of the It whiter or Dont the High the software. the thickness switch to the the EPSON Scan of the from the thickness switch
matches the Choosing the Right EPSON the EPSON and other or smeared. isnt curled, or (the should with or instructions. with or or try the Head the Head the head clogged. To cleaning Cleaning the Head If the cleaning the Follow the instructions the thickness switch If the thicker or and smear. the thickness switch to the as shown
or the the head clogged. To cleaning Cleaning the Head the LCD that instructions. the matches the Choosing the Right EPSON isnt or using with or instructions. higher the Head the Head instructions. You to increase the or software instructions.
incorrect or selected the the head To cleaning Cleaning the Head If high-resolution off PhotoEnhance as using with or instructions. exactly match on-screen to as as information softwares EPSON Scan Reference incorrect characters. the interface securely both EPSON Scan selected as the or as the If Macintosh, SS selected the Chooser. there If there them and then Dont switch with and white. and selected software selected and the software.
Scan Quality The or crooked. the that the and with the the of the If the the the of the If EPSON Copy Straighten the The If or copying photograph EPSON as Scan or If using EPSON TWAIN, (or Black White photo and white) as If EPSON TWAIN, If EPSON to or newspaper, choose Newspaper or Brochure as Scan If using the try cleaning the Follow the instructions If copying photograph, the EPSON the
other when Quality Something or incorrect the If the the If the the the If or incorrect the TWAIN software to the Threshold EPSON Scan Reference information. If both text and graphics, text correctly the OCR software. If the TWAIN software, the Quality from the and the the clean. Cleaning the EPSON Scan cleaning instructions. You or the You the The or of the the dirty, or wrinkled; these imperfections or the and EPSON TWAIN software.
Straight the appear the of with the the of the The of the or copied. the of that the within the Uninstalling the EPSON Scan Software If to EPSON Scan software, follow the operating and type of Uninstalling (USB Click to EPSON and Uninstall EPSON Then follow the instructions the Double-click the then the Double-click the and EPSON Scan then OK Double-click EPSON Software then Select the EPSON Scan and OK Then follow the instructions the EPSON USB Devices then follow the instructions the automatically. To software, follow the instructions
Uninstalling Click to EPSON and Uninstall EPSON Then follow the instructions the To the to EPSON Scan and Uninstall EPSON Scan FB TWAIN Then follow the instructions the Double-click then the Double-click EPSON Software then Select the EPSON Scan and OK Then follow the instructions the To software, follow the instructions Uninstalling the EPSON Scan CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON SS2500 CD-ROM to the EPSON Scan and its Double-click the EPSON Scan the Click the arrow to and Click the the of the finished, OK Then To software, follow the instructions
Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other such as brochures and and troubleshooting information. EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON E-MAIL Technical Automated Telephone Services Where To If with EPSON Scan or its the information below. with or information. EPSON EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services the following To technical through to and the the troubleshooting as requested. of services hours To these services, tone telephone and To directly to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM or charges apply. AM to PM through or charges apply.
Software and EPSON please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Scan Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please If another software with EPSON the that software technical information. Technical Other Software If technical with EPSON or the software as the below: www.newsoftinc.com www.adobe.com/prodindex/
improperly shielded USB than the EPSON Scan to malfunction. The EPSON Scan with switch or pass-through Notices this chapter instructions, and other information about EPSON Scan IBM PC with least recommended) Microsoft or At least 16MB of RAM (32MB or recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA or and recommended) CD-ROM the software or recommended) should of the following interfaces (USB recommended): USB or with USB and shielded USB AB interface to with high-speed, bidirectional, to The D-SUB, and the EPSON Scan Notices
improperly shielded USB than feet the EPSON Scan to malfunction. Notices or G3 or with built-in USB OS or or recommended) At least 32MB of memory (64MB recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) VGA or recommended) CD-ROM or recommended) the software USB or with shielded USB AB interface from to (EPSON Scan), to If to operating software: If OS If OS or Apple recommends that Download the from Apple Apple To which operating About This from the Apple
NERGY TAR ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused You purchase the following options EPSON Scan: Transparency (B813172) this to such as and the EPSON Scan Reference instructions and using the (B813142) or of to the information. If the EPSON Scan the with the You purchase these options from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Notices
Notices Instructions using EPSON Scan the following instructions to and effectively: to follow and instructions the EPSON Scan. the EPSON Scan that the The EPSON Scan correctly or locations with high or sunlight or to shock and or of heat or interference, such as telephone enough around the EPSON Scan to allow the type of indicated the the EPSON Scan grounded where easily fiche Dont outlet that turned off switch or or the as This the which the memory or its supply. to properly grounded using outlets the as photocopiers or that switch and off. the become or frayed.
the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off. If with the EPSON Scan, the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the Turn off and the EPSON Scan cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the EPSON Scan. or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the EPSON Scan yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the immediately from its Leaving the reduced of the If off with and If it them immediately with of the reach of children and the the head hand; otherwise the Notices
Notices hand the EPSON Scan or the Once the or the to it with The become otherwise. the the the within months of them. this the or to them. This to the head. the EPSON Scan, the head the right and the the and the to the as
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: Function C130A Product: EPSON Scan Notices
Notices FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes
EPSON AMERICA, INC. LIMITED WARRANTY What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the first that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. EPSON warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the If service the warranty its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the the freight You securely the and to within of of the You to the of the the that to the the as or, option, another with features. If repaired, where to the You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or to the of quality. products and the warranty of the covered this warranty. warranty service, of the of purchase. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and This warranty cover to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than as authorized If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to America, Inc. P.O. CA MS:6-40 Notices
Notices
front cover.fm PM cover cover Option cover cover thickness switch
to EPSON and To EPSON and other or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges Black S020189 S020191 EPSON EPSON inches) S041060 EPSON High Quality inches) S041111 EPSON Quality inches) S041062 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON Heavyweight inches) S041257 EPSON inches S041134 EPSON A6 inches) S041144-KIT EPSON EPSON Quality inches) S041072 EPSON inches) S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Iron-On Cool inches) S041153/S041155 EPSON Quality inches) S041124 A4 inches) S041059 A4 inches) S041117 A4 inches) S041061 inches) S041067 inches S041122 inches) S041141 A4 inches) S041140 inches) S041145 A6 inches) S041144 A4 inches) S041071 A6 inches) S041107 A4 inches) S041063 A4 inches) S041126