EPSON
EPSON and to the that earned of its awards! specially coated to with that when of immediately them. There smearing or and and smooth. of Bright white with Perfect charts, art, and and of Perfect photo of snapshots, art, and Iron-On Cool and photographs T-shirts or other cloth items. Perfect T-shirts, crafts, and the back cover of EPSON and information. Quality Acid-free, bright white, with smooth to Perfect and and Quality bright white with the highest-gloss finish. Perfect professional high-resolution photographs of
EPSON the photographs, graphics, and You from reports and to and with The these features: advanced head and and precisely PRQ and photographs, as as text to PhotoEnhance3 clear, correcting or and and of About Software The software CD-ROM includes the software and You cant without to only) on-screen software and EPSON to the The EPSON and software of to the of EPSON information about anytime
If the software from CD-ROM, the instructions. Software Applications software CD-ROM these bonus software that from EPSON Photoshop LE to input Photoshop LE when or the the first The printed the CD-ROM to the front of the the Photoshop included with Once the when Photoshop Photoshop LE that and the to the World own artwork, photo and and and with the creative the award-winning Photoshop high-resolution what was. This its or award-winning Photoshop color-correcting, and You brightness, and and then to the
About To and its software, the This instructions the EPSON with or the software from about the EPSON instructions Notes, and this information throughout to injury. to to Notes information about hints
To and its software with PC, should IBM PC with least or NT or or recommended) Microsoft or NT At least 16MB of RAM (32MB or or 64MB NT recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and or CD-ROM the software high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to the D-SUB, and the USB to with USB shielded USB AB interface from to to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
To and its software with should One of the following or or recommended) USB with or G3 with or At least 16MB of RAM At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) RGB or or CD-ROM the software II or DIN recommended; EPSON F2V024-06) LC475, LC575, LC630 or or USB only) G3 USB only) USB to or G3 shielded USB AB interface from to to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
NERGY TAR Ready EPSON Ready the other of ready the sheet NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, printers, and to reduce caused cover thickness
Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically this to service the yourself. Dont switch off the or the the the off the light off. fiche
the and servicing to service the following Cartridge Instructions the or the of the If off with and If them with of the reach of the or to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of them. this the off using the the the head the to the right (capped) and the If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. this button, the light flashes then the or off the to the the light off.
EPSON of and informative software with EPSON of photo-editing, and correcting software. or of them, and the included of ideas such as T-shirts, cards, and other items might thought of! helpful information EPSON products and to the EPSON CD-ROM and EPSON right to software and the the EPSON the or EPSON and EPSON On the EPSON the EPSON appears: Not
Through EPSON the from the following: INSTALL BONUS SOFTWARE of award-winning creative software; the Follow the instructions to the information, the or PHOTO WORKSHOP offers cool ideas and products. PHOTOS ON THE NET information the PhotoLoft and other OTHER EPSON PRODUCTS information EPSON and the of EPSON ELECTRONIC DOCUMENTATION the to only) and using REINSTALL PRINTER SOFTWARE with only) and to to software first, as of the Select section clicking its Click DONE to to the Click to section Click to to the
software include their or options to these There to EPSON From Select ELECTRONIC DOCUMENTATION from the users then VIEW PRINTER MANUAL the that appears. From the EPSON shortcut Double-click the or Click to EPSON and EPSON From the EPSON the or Double-click the the and EPSON If the from the CD-ROM when software, as the only). With the the EPSON to
this the top: first There to through Click topics which usually or To topic If the hand, the topic hotyou to clicking once. If the the section the of the to to the topic of choice. Click the the to the section. only of that to the the topics the arrow the or the the right of the to through (The to the of the displays the If information, and the
from to what to basic as or photographfrom the to selecting to Follow the instructions operating these with below with and and selecting the them, EPSON instructions to with Custom EPSON with and turned of and the right Then the the the than the arrow the only to this arrow the right
and to the and You such as this: selected EPSON selected. If and to the If necessary, the to the shown below. If or Then the the If If or that instead; then the Quality/Speed
the following Click the the top of the to the of or Click the to reduce or of or Click OK the Click OK to the appears while to its You or as necessary. information the EPSON instructions the the to (If type of the as instructions to to the option to This the to of of the Quality/Speed to the Quality This selects high the
with and turned of and the right Then the the the than the arrow the and to the and choose applications). You this: Choose and Then OK to this arrow the right
the and choose You the the following Click the to reduce or layouts, or Click the Background to of Click the to Click to If turned background the EPSON to the You or as necessary. information the EPSON instructions the the to (If type of the as instructions to to the option to This the to of of the Quality/Speed to the Quality This selects high the Quality/Speed
EPSON How the and To EPSON included the EPSON Quality that with Then follow the instructions below to and EPSON instructions and the back cover of EPSON and information. instructions of the EPSON 6-inch) This micro-perforated around the without white around You to with sheets and beneath them. to inches. Choose as the and the the software. the back and forth the perforations and tear off the
Quality This low-cost their the to the arrow the and choose Quality as the software. Quality these sheets to professional photographs. with beneath the the as shown choose Quality as the software. only to this arrow You about of to first, with the the thickness to the the to the to as the and the software.
You to photographic and to inches the to the of inches to account the the following the instructions included the Then the and the from or its then and release the to the the Select as the and as the Source software. accessory C811062) with and EPSON EPSON or EPSON the to the
Choosing the Right EPSON the type of software. Thats why the It what of using and the coverage accordingly. the should choose this Select this or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON Light Light If with cleaning the cleaning with this the Quality Quality
with Custom EPSON software includes type of or as photographs, graphics, and of to choose to types, or Custom type of and to the type of software. operating and the and choose. and Then the as or (Macintosh). Select the and choose or Black Click the Custom then the Custom You of types. Select of the the Click Custom then to of
Select other to the software, then: PhotoEnhance3 or Automatically the and and corrects or of the or Corrects and other Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. Text of text-only rough of text ICM and only) created ICM and to closely match ICM recommended with created using such as those the World this (such as and to ColorSync only) Automatically to closely match the EPSON Click OK the Then OK to Click to
and with effects and You as them whenever and Then the as or Select the and choose or Black Click the Custom then the Advanced You the Advanced On the Advanced these and These the as the selected the You them as Quality Selects the to from to whats the selected and whether to or finished Selects the to the photographs, or other with Dithering
MicroWeave High and MicroWeave High bidirectional of exceptionally PhotoEnhance3 ICM ColorSync choose the of from to other software). You individually the of Brightness and and increase or the amount of and to Once them as them If to the Advanced to characters) and OK other to the software, then: instructions using softwares the EPSON PhotoEnhance3 with the brightness, and and correcting or of the the photograph the to the Tone of or using Correction and the Sharpness ICM and and ColorSync correction with and software, match the with those You operating and other software with these (To group, from the Custom the as Click OK the Then OK to Click to
Preserving EPSON EPSON specially to with to that as as photographs when protected from light or EPSON or mounted the the UV light protection than other the type and of the light to, EPSON or years noticeable fading light or increase protected or and life, EPSON the back cover of this of
These sections the to to and to Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the EPSON as Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to clean the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head You the head of the following With the Head Cleaning software (when connected to as the the buttons, as
the Head Cleaning the turned and the and the as with or with Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Cleaning the If the completely, and lights off. Follow the instructions the to clean the head. Cleaning which the and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the and the cleaning the and or Confirmation Then Next The the If the Clean to If the cleaning or three the Quality Head Cleaning
the the turned and the Press the the and the as with or with Click the or the (Macintosh). You the the the and Next The the the If the completely, If the click Clean to If the cleaning or three the Quality and lights off. cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning which the and the light flashes. light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the light to the and the cleaning If connected directly to the to If and containing and Then to cleaning
the the It should something this: Each and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head instructions. Cartridge light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the these EPSON within months of them and the the or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please or Black S020187 T001011 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty.
Removing and Cartridges light flashing or You when the If these when both lights off the cleans the head, as If to the lights the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge the turned and then the cover. Press the the The from its the of the and of cleaning and about three seconds the head and the light flashing. To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with or
the from its the yellow of the top as shown: Dont off the or try to the clear the the its with the facing and the back of the Press the If to the other through to Press the You the yellow from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the The light flashes, and the sounds. light flashing and Charging about finished, the turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the Black
Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they If cleaning and the head, or both light flashing or Follow these to the the turned and then the cover. Press the the The from its the of the and of and three seconds the head to the and the To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with or light flashing.
the from its only the yellow of the top as shown: Dont off the or try to the clear the the its with the facing and the back of the Press the If to the other through to Press the You the from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the and the cover. The the head and charging the The light flashes and the sounds. light flashing and Charging about finished, the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the Black
the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the turned and loaded. and Access the as with or with Click the or the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the Cleaning the To should clean as follows Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. thats least inches This from the and the EPSON the whenever the head
Clean of the with cloth. Transporting the If to it and its as follows: Turn the and the head the right Then off the the cord, then the interface from the from the and the the and the Repack the and the using the protective that with the that with to the as If the the head the head Dont the gears the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the or or the To the when the
This section the basics and below to the Then and to You the lights, as below. It helpful to instructions. Checking the Lights Its to to www.epson.com and the section to there downloading to the (Frequently software. light light light light cleaning
Follow these when the lights or flash: The flashes the the or or and and light when the and ready to It flashes when the or operation, such as cleaning the head. light flashes, the Turn off the and of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the to the Turn the and the out light or incorrectly loaded. of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the to the Press the light flashes, supply light to the instructions. flash, and the lights of the head. Turn off the seconds, and back If off the the and If the lights or or EPSON; information. the lights flash, internal the as the sheet Then off the seconds, and If the lights or or EPSON; information. off the lights off, the these the turned Turn off the the securely, and turn the the outlet and switch or another and lights and the and
You operation to whether the from the or other If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, with the and information. both the and turned off. the interface from the the the it the off the Then the interface and and thats least inches This from the and and the holding the the light to flash, then release The its ROM and (shown the light
and troubleshooting or software information, the software or Troubleshooting the EPSON If of the information. the or Its Software You the and the The first the charges its Please charging finished (the the completely and that the light flashing) off the If off the while charging and than when back the the software follow the instructions the software the turned and the securely connected to the and If other applications, including and Then the software using the ECP/DMA or instructions.
appear the Chooser (Macintosh) conflicts. GX the EPSON and SP and then You too items the or items and the Chooser You to USB software Click to and Then and the You should EPSON USB Devices listed. Click the to the should EPSON USB (EPUSB1:) If the correctly, the software as then the EPSON USB software the the USB Then the USB software as the You cant the when If software, then choose to instructions software. Once background turned EPSON using You with the software CD-ROM You software from the EPSON instructions the from the CD-ROM, the that the software. information, when or while
Quality If the head clogged. To the head, the matches the loaded. the of the It the whiter or of the If light flashing, the If than months to or (Macintosh) instructions. the thickness to the to as shown to the right. to the thicker or If the head clogged. To clean the head, the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and the thickness to the You the expanded the this text only.
If or smeared isnt or (the should If of sheet with or the thickness If the thicker or and smear. the thickness to the as shown the facing or the EPSON the Head instructions. If incorrect characters interface securely connected. that the both to and the from selected as the or as the or as the the Chooser. to the instructions selecting the or To the Chooser, the
If or the the head clogged. To the head, isnt dirty, or (the should If of with the If higher the Quality/Speed to the Quality software; or (Macintosh) instructions. the Head Utility. instructions. You to increase the or software instructions. If incorrect or the to the head clean. instructions. the or too If light flashing, the If than months or instructions. With Photoshop using options the exactly match on-screen as as softwares matching
Uninstalling Software If to and software, follow these Uninstalling Software Click to then the Double-click Click EPSON Software the Click the Follow the instructions the to software. If to also. right-click the the bottom-right of the and Stop to off background Then follow and EPSON the to If with USB to the EPSON USB software also. Follow and EPSON USB Devices the Uninstalling Software the EPSON software CD-ROM Double-click the Software Then At the the arrow the the top showing and To USB software using the To or software the EPSON or the EPSON Select the and follow the on-screen instructions to and
Click the the of the Follow the instructions the to the software. Then To software, the Where To If with or its software, the information the section. with of the bonus the EPSON CD-ROM, Software Technical information. EPSON Technical EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours The following the information: services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP EPSON CompuServe If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America introductory CompuServe membership, and
Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM EPSON FaxAdvice TM Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and AM to PM or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Product (located the back of the of the If another software with EPSON the that software technical information. You purchase and from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please to commonly about EPSON products hours the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer
Software Technical technical of the creative the EPSON CD-ROM, first the or that with the software. If the software as below. Photoshop LE Direct Macintosh: AM to PM PST, MondayFriday* free custsupport/ Once Photoshop LE, to Technical Support. the other options (such as Pay-As-You-Go and through the CustomerFirst information, to the of than technical and service from touch-tone phone and follow the recorded instuctions. through through or AM to PM PST, techsupport.html AM to PM PST,
Software If CD-ROM or software from EPSON, as the section. Once follow the to the software from them. Software You software from EPSON or and where or the ready to software, Download: EPSON to and Downloads (FTP) EPSON FTP to ftp.epson.com with the user anonymous and as the America CompuServe Click Services. then type EPSONFOR the If downloading instructions, FaxAdvice service and to supply the and The EPSON and software the CD-ROM that with
the following information to EPSON and Street P.O. please) City, State and ZIP telephone (VISA, MasterCard, or American Card and to the credit purchase (EPSON NT or from AM to PM through Software from Software connected to the and that both turned off. Turn and the Turn the EPSON software IMPORTANT: If that and to ALWAYS You software that
Click and type (where Then OK Follow the instructions the to the software. software appear the EPSON and as the the software, through to from its to with instructions. Software and turned off. Turn the and the then the EPSON software If necessary, the to the Then the Click Click and follow the on-screen instructions to Then software, the Chooser. If connected to the or to with off Click the SP then the the Turn background to Then the Chooser. to with instructions.
Network If or and other to the connected to to: the connected to the the shared to the each following the the software the that the the instructions. the Click to and Double-click Network then the and Click the to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK the Network OK the Right-click the EPSON then Click the Shared Then and as and OK If using NT or NT instructions the
Click to and Right-click the EPSON and choose Properties Click the You the following Click the then to specify the to the to the OK To from DOS as as the instead of Select the the then specify its path. Select then OK. Click then the the that appears
This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes FCC United States WARNING
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service PRQ and MicroDot, EPSON and EPSON FaxAdvice of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD Copyright Inc. Printed with least Copyright Notice
to EPSON and To EPSON or or EPSON (U.S. only). www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please these EPSON and them within months of them and the the EPSON S041060 EPSON High Quality S041111 EPSON Quality S041062 EPSON Quality Cards A6 S041054 EPSON S041134 EPSON S041145 EPSON S041233 EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON Light A3 S041131 Black S020187 T001011 A4 S041059 S041066 A4 S041117 A4 S041061 S041067 S041069 S041070 S041122 S041141 A4 S041140 A3 S041142 S041143 S041156 A6 A6 A4 S041071 A6 S041107 S041074 S041075 A4 S041063 S041144-KIT S041144