cover light thickness cleaning light light Cartridges Cartridge Black S020093 S020110 EPSON S041060 A4 S041059 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON Quality A4 A6 EPSON A4 inches) EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 EPSON Quality A6 S041054 Cards S041122 EPSON EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153 sheets) S041155 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 EPSON EPSON A6, (includes software) A6, S041062 S041061 S041067 S041072 S041071 S041107 S041141 S041140 S041134 S041145 S041144-KIT S041144
EPSON Specifications Black yellow, light light Printable and Printable CR inches inches inches inches inch, inches Bidirectional with ESC/P EPSON Cartridge Black (S020093) (S020110) Color(s) Black Yellow, Light Light capacity* (ISO/IEC Cartridge years from (within months F C)) to F to C) Installed: month F C) Uninstalled: to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) The often clean the head. Cartridges thaw and approximately hours F C). EPSON the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered warranties. the the expired. (A4, each (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H)
type Thickness inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 A5 B5 inches) A4 A6 A4 sheets distributed EPSON inches DL inches inches C6 A6 distributed EPSON inches inches) A4 inches A6 distributed EPSON A4 Iron-on cool distributed EPSON inches) the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or distributed EPSON these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON and sheets these to F to C) Humidity: to RH and to inch distributed EPSON to and distributed EPSON or to inch to to to distributed EPSON EPSON EPSON to to
EPSON Printable B-L B-R B-R B-L A: The top inch of EPSON Quality the top inches B-L, B-R: The and right inch The right as follows: inch DL inch inch C6 C: The inch B-L, B-R EPSON 6-inch perforations) A: The top inch BL, BR: The and right inch C: The inch EPSON C C C B-L B-R A: The top inch B-L, The inch B-R: The right inch C: The inch the first. should first. Mechanical Friction Rear of Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the EPSON Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches C
Specification to to Rated to to Rated (ISO/IEC Approx. This IT phase-to- phase of V. the the back of the the of to F to C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) Humidity (without to RH to RH UL with D3, CSA C22.2 with D3 EMC FCC B, CSA C108.8 The to of these The turned The INIT from the interface. Software Software ESC the command. the turned the and the input and cleared. to their the the turned within seconds turning off. this the the head, and the path. Software Software clears the and to their However, the or clear the Interface with interface and interface. interface The built-in interface the following characteristics: IEEE-1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or IEEE-1284 Amphenol or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 EPSON EPSON
EPSON interface The built-in interface based the RS-423 This interface the following characteristics: Based RS-423 Synchronization: Synchronous X-ON/X-OFF and DTR Word Parity Stop Connector Recommended Apple Peripheral-8 M0197) light light cleaning light The four lights the and to the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the button. the light flashes of the of the the then the If the light to flash, turn off the and or light flashes supply EPSON light or light to the The light when the The light flashes when the or such as cleaning head. the and lights flash and the lights Turn off the the the lights internal Turn off the the Cartridge the First the grounded the off (the Dont switch or or that the as This the which memory or the supply. the and the cover. seconds; then If this clear the EPSON as the seconds; then If this clear the EPSON as the light off). output
to the The Press the light flashes, the lights and the to the the to the or off. switchsuch as stripto off the the (The shows the the from their Then the of the the top of each the white You the yellow from the top of the or permanently Its OK the exactly tear off the Dont the from the Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the their the and the arrows the back of the The the and the the right. the they cleaning and the cover. Press the and The the head and charging the Charging to this the light flashes, and the sounds. Dont off the or the charging or than necessary. Charging when the light flashing and off the when the light the light flashing and the isnt or off the Testing the You to whether from the or other If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, there with Follow these to the both the and turned off. the interface from the the the the the light to flash. Then release both buttons. The containing the ROM counter character and the shown below: the off the to the interface then the and EPSON EPSON and the
EPSON Whether or to to the the below. this of this top first) the the thickness to the EPSON EPSON Coated EPSON Iron-On Cool sheet EPSON High Quality Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Coated EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Coated Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON inch top Quality and EPSON EPSON High Quality EPSON Then this software... Quality this of this sheets... EPSON the option to itespecially includes the appear correctly when EPSON Quality This allows to top Additional Loading Dont the cleaning that included with they the If the option shown the the Quality the More as the or the the Custom the Then the type. to the option, to the the that to correctly; follow instructions the sheets the and the If the protective sheets each of to the protective to the of the the Then this software...
Cartridge To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to You empty. these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020093 S020110 Empty Cartridge light flashing or Follow these You when the the turned and which to replaced. the and the cover. If the cleaning when neither light flashing or the cleans the head as If to the lights the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge. cleaning and three seconds. Press the light flashing. (The head to its to within seconds.) The head slightly to the and the the The from its Dont the or to with Once cant the the head. the of the and of Follow the the section to the or the New Cartridge Once the ready to the Follow these the from its the yellow of the the top of the the white (Its OK the exactly tear off the You the yellow from the top of the the permanently the clear from the of the the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the The the right, the the Press the If to the other as Empty Cartridge. Then follow through this section. Press the The the head and charging the the charging seconds the light flashes and the sounds. Charging about finished, The EPSON EPSON Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with cleaning and the cover. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than
EPSON Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, to or both Follow these to the or light flashing or the turned and the and the cover. and seconds the head to the (The the head back to the seconds with Press the To the the head hand. the The from its the of the and of Follow the the previous section, the New Cartridge, to the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Dont the cleaning sheets that included with they the Cleaning the head only You of the following to the head: The Head Cleaning (recommended) software the rather than The buttons. the Head Cleaning Follow these to the the turned and the and lights off. EPSON Access the Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to clean the head. Cleaning about which the and the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to to that the head and to the cleaning the the and or Confirmation (Macintosh). Then Next the further instructions. If the the Follow these to the head: the turned and and that the and cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about which the and the Press the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to to that the head and to the cleaning the cleaning and the Access the as Chapter Click the or the You the Click the Then Next the section instructions examining the If the light flashes. lights off. light flashes.
the the It should something this, with each of the sections showing of the Each and straight should with the If OK, If as shown below, clean the head as the the Head If to the head. Follow these the turned and loaded. Access the as Chapter Click the or the You the Click the Head button. Follow the instructions the to and the EPSON or whenever the head Cleaning the Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the Dont or the To its should clean following these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. the closed Clean of the with cloth. Transporting the If to to and the To the when the Follow these Turn the and the head the right Then off the the from the Then the interface from the from the and the the and the the and the the protective that with the Notice that with the to the as If the the head; the head. Related TM-SP700AD EPSON Service PL-SP700 EPSON CPD-6291 EPSON CPD-6294 EPSON Started EPSON EPSON
EPSON EPSON