Unpack (Included only) If as the back The of slightly from the shown The included CD and apply to products the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. only: French from the and text the protective Turn and the to the to then the On On To the the release and the information using and the Select Press or to the option. Press OK when country/region, then OK the Daylight Daylight and currently (DST effective from through to off the Press OK Press or to the then Dont OK the to the Dont OK Press or to the then Dont OK the to the If selected as the or to AM or PM Press OK when You the and the selecting selecting then selecting Dont the the the cover. the or then them. the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover and clicks. the Press the OK to the Charging about with and of the from the the Dont off the while the charging or 1-F C 1-F the and the the and the If the the then the and to the the right and the with the Dont the sideways; first. the 1-F 1-F
Unpack Select Press or to the option. Press OK when Select country/region, then OK the Daylight Daylight and currently (DST effective from through to off the Press OK (Included only) If as the back The of slightly from the shown The included CD and apply to products the Press or to the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. then Dont OK from the and only: text the protective the to the Dont OK Turn and the Press or to the then Dont OK to the to the the to then the On On If selected as the or to AM or PM Press OK when To the the release and the information and the You the and the selecting selecting then selecting Dont the the the cover. the or then them. the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover and clicks. the Press the OK to charge the Charging about with and of the from the the Dont off the while the charging or 1-F C 1-F the and the the and the If the the then the and to the the right and the with the Dont the sideways; first. the 1-F 1-F
Unpack (Included only) Turn and On If as the back The of slightly from the shown The included CD and apply to products the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. from the and only: text the protective the to On the to then the To the the release and the information using and the Select Dont the the Press or to the option. the cover. when OK Press OK Select country/region, then the Daylight Daylight and currently (DST effective from to turn off the through OK Press the or then them. the from each Press or to the OK Dont then Dont other or the the the each OK Dont the to the Press each clicks. Press or to the OK Dont then the cover and clicks. the to the the as the If selected or to PM or AM Press the OK to charge the Charging about when OK Press with and of the from the the You the and the then selecting selecting selecting Dont off the while the charging or 1-F C 1-F the and the the and the If using the the then the and to the the right and the with the Dont the first. the 1-F 1-F
Unpack Select Press or to the option. when OK Press OK Select country/region, then the Daylight Daylight and currently (DST effective from to off the through OK Press (Included only) Press or to the OK Dont then OK Dont the to the Turn and Press or to the OK Dont then the to the On as the If selected or to PM or AM when OK Press You the and the then selecting selecting selecting If anything as the back The of slightly from the shown The included CD and apply to products the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. from the and only: the protective the to the to then the On To the the release and the information using and the the and the Dont the the the cover. the and the the or then them. the from each If the the then the and to the Dont other or the the the each the right and the with the Press each clicks. the cover and it clicks. Dont the first. the the to charge the Charging about OK Press the with and of the from the the Dont off the while the charging or 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F
the To faxing, the included phone from telephone to the LINE the To or the instructions. If to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the Choose Network (wireless or wired) Network You cant software as below OR USB USB included). Then follow the below. USB Follow these to directly to USB included). the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the WorkForce software CD. With the SETUP.EXE the Account Click and follow the on-screen instructions. this USB and then Next prompted, USB USB If securely connected and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and to to these warranty and 2-year toll-free the CD. ready to and or Information the NOT CONNECTED to the WorkForce software CD. Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. this USB and then Next prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned OS users: to Other users: with this Follow the the right of the to the Click Next necessary. Follow the instructions to the of the software and to to these warranty and toll-free the CD. ready to and or Information instructions copying, scanning, and faxing. Information Click the shortcut easy to the troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and Network and Instructions the and other information about wireless epson.com/support/wireless On-screen with software Select or when using software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) or AM to PM through and of to without or charges apply. 1-B C 1-B Software Technical ArcSoft Creations www.arcsoft.com/support NewSoft and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. smooth, scrapbooks, and graphical the below to Its as easy as High- High-capacity Black warranty to purchasers; 2-year toll-free and warranty within of purchase. California and to this warranty rights. and service of Corporation. DURABrite and WorkForce of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-27495 the to the right and with when purchasing ORK ORCE Cartridges High- Black Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B High-
the phone this USB and then Next To faxing, the included from the To telephone or LINE to the instructions. the prompted, USB USB If connecting to DSL DSL or to DSL the Choose If securely and turned the Network (wireless or wired) Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and Network You cant software as below to to these 2-year warranty and toll-free OR the CD. USB ready to and or Information USB included). Then follow the below. the NOT CONNECTED to USB Follow these to directly to using USB included). NOT the to CONNECTED the WorkForce software CD. Double-click the If New and the USB You cant software that Click and follow the on-screen instructions. the WorkForce software CD. this USB and then Next With the the SETUP.EXE Account and follow the instructions. Click prompted, USB USB the securely and turned OS users: to Other users: with this Follow the the right of the to the Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and to to these warranty and 2-year toll-free the CD. ready to and or Information instructions copying, scanning, and faxing. Information Click the shortcut easy to the troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and Network and Instructions the and other information about wireless to: epson.com/support/wireless with software or when using software. and to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. 1-B C 1-B Software Technical ArcSoft Creations www.arcsoft.com/support NewSoft and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. smooth, scrapbooks, and graphical the below to Its as easy as High- High-capacity capacity Black warranty to purchasers; toll-free and warranty within of purchase. California and to this warranty rights. and service of Corporation. DURABrite and WorkForce of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27495 the to the right and with when purchasing ORK ORCE Cartridges High- High- capacity Black Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B
the phone Choose Network (wireless or wired) Network You cant software as below the the SETUP.EXE Account To faxing, the included phone from the To telephone or LINE telephone to the instructions. the If to DSL DSL or to DSL the OR USB USB included). Then follow the below. USB Follow these to directly to using USB included). NOT the to CONNECTED If New and the USB You cant software that the WorkForce software CD. With and follow the on-screen instructions. Click prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned USB this Next and then prompted, USB USB OS users: to Other users: with this Follow the the right of the to the Click Next necessary. If securely connected and the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and to to these 2-year warranty and 2-year toll-free Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. to to these warranty and toll-free ready to and or Information the CD. ready to and or Information to NOT CONNECTED the instructions copying, scanning, and faxing. Information the WorkForce software CD. Click the shortcut easy to the troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and Double-click the and follow the on-screen instructions. Click Network and Instructions the and other information about wireless to: epson.com/support/wireless On-screen with software Select or when software. USB this Next and then Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. 1-B C 1-B Software Technical ArcSoft Creations www.arcsoft.com/support NewSoft and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. smooth, scrapbooks, and graphical the below to Its as easy as High- High-capacity capacity Black 1-year warranty to purchasers; 2-year toll-free and warranty within of purchase. California and to this warranty rights. and service of Corporation. DURABrite and WorkForce of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27495 the to the right and it with when purchasing ORK ORCE Cartridges High- High- Black Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B
securely and the the USB this Next and then prompted, USB USB Choose If Network (wireless or wired) Follow the instructions to the of the software and Network You cant software as below to to these 2-year warranty and toll-free the CD. or ready to and Information to NOT CONNECTED the the WorkForce software CD. Double-click the and follow the on-screen instructions. Click USB this Next and then the To faxing, the included from the To telephone or LINE telephone to the instructions. the If connecting to DSL DSL or to DSL the OR USB USB included). Then follow the below. USB Follow these to directly to USB included). NOT the to CONNECTED If New and the USB You cant software that the WorkForce software CD. With the SETUP.EXE Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned Software Technical ArcSoft Creations www.arcsoft.com/support NewSoft and OS users: to Other users: with Follow the the right this of the to the with DURABrite the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON necessary. Next Click offers of to information. smooth, scrapbooks, and graphical Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and to to these warranty and 2-year toll-free the below to Its as easy as the CD. ready to and or Information High- High-capacity Black instructions copying, scanning, and faxing. Information Click the shortcut easy to the warranty to purchasers; 2-year toll-free and warranty within of purchase. California and to this warranty rights. troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and and service of Corporation. and WorkForce of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those and Network This information to without Instructions the and other information about wireless epson.com/support/wireless to: America, Inc. CPD-27495 On-screen with software when software. or Select Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with the to the right and with when purchasing ORK ORCE Cartridges to High- High- to AM (U.S.) or PM capacity through and hours of to without or charges apply. Black Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B