Network Scanning, and WorkForce
Network This section instructions wireless or wired as the Then follow the of these sections to the wireless below. wired (Ethernet Wireless Network The this section instructions wireless You to the software that to Temporary of USB included) recommended the first only. the connected to the prompted to the USB If OS or USB the buttons the to wireless instead. If Network If this the first that the the First If already wireless and to to to the Additional Computers Network
the First that the following information ready and write the below: Network (SSID): Network If ABC or lowercase to them correctly. If know (SSID) or the who wireless turned the software CD. and If the the Account or XP: the Software with OS X: Double-click the this Wireless Network
this Wireless and Next this the first then Next OS At the Next Then to With the Product to the without using temporary USB Network
this wireless then Next If selecting wireless Which option should choose information At the Next of the following: If selected Temporarily USB with With Temporary USB below. If selected Select buttons with With the Product With Temporary USB the USB to instructed to the on-screen instructions. while the software Wireless Network
this the to with USB Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the Warning Next If firewall Unblock or Allow to EpsonNet or Block Wireless Network
the following, (SSID) from the then Next If isnt the Manually If ABC or lowercase them correctly. If the following, security or then Next If security ABC or lowercase them correctly. Network
while the Follow the instructions the to the USB from the and the Complete then Follow the on-screen instructions to the of software. the CD. To to to the Additional Computers Wireless
With the Product If OS or USB to the wireless follow these to the buttons: Follow the instructions the to the wireless this the buttons to the of wireless then OK finished, Next If isnt listed, the following: that wireless router or turned and correctly. Press the Stop/Clear to to the previous OK to then If cant the the router or broadcasting its Press or to Other then OK with the SSID Manually Wireless Network
this of the following: If wireless security the buttons to If or lowercase to them correctly. Then Next and to If wireless security Next and with If Watch to to Follow the on-screen instructions to selecting If the incorrectly. If or lowercase or numbers, to them correctly. If the to wireless The or to the wireless router or OS to while the software Wireless Network Press the repeatedly to or lowercase or and characters. Press to to the character. Press to character.
the Warning Next If firewall Unblock or Allow to EpsonNet Blocking or while the the Complete then Follow the instructions the to the of software. the CD. Wireless Network
To to to the Additional Computers below. SSID Manually If network its (SSID), follow these to From the Select SSID the or to Other then OK the the to Network to ABC or lowercase correctly. OK with to Additional Computers turned the software CD. and If the the Account or XP: the Software with OS X: Double-click the Network Press the buttons repeatedly to or lowercase or and characters. Press to to the character. Press to character.
this this and Next Wireless Network
this The already wireless then Next while the software OS to the Firewall Warning Next If firewall Unblock or Allow to or Network
If this the to then Next while the the Complete then Follow the instructions the to the of software. the CD. Wireless Network
Wired Network The this section instructions wired If Network If this the first that the follow the below. If already wired and to to to the the First turned If previously the wireless the wireless LAN to wired Press or to Network then Wireless LAN then LAN Press OK to confirm, and to the software CD. and If the the Account or XP: the Software with OS X: Double-click the Wired Network
this this Wired and Next Wired Network
this the first then Next this the to router, or with Ethernet then Next OS to while the software then Next to installation. Wired Network
the Warning Next If firewall Unblock or Allow to or while the If Complete that includes to Click Follow the instructions the to the of software. the CD. Wired Network
Additional Computers turned the software CD. and If the the Account or XP: the Software with OS X: Double-click the this this Wired and Next Wired Network
this The already Ethernet network then Next OS to while the software then Next to the Warning Next If firewall Unblock or Allow to Blocking or Wired Network
If this the would to then Next while the If Complete that includes button, to Click Follow the instructions the to the of software. the CD. Wired Network
Loading You and of and instructions the and the Then the and the If the the as the to the (If the the Edge the right and the with the or or top first.) first; Loading
You to about of or sheets of photo other If or rough the of as below. the and the too tightly. offers of high easy to the of and other You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON inches S041062 inches S041467 inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041067 inches S041257 S042180 count
inches S042181 S042174 inches S041982 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041809 S042038 Bright White inches S041586 Quality A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 inches S041945 S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041331 inches S041464 S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041141 S041649 S041271 count
Scanning, or or or the or the the You or to (or the the cover. face-down the with the top the back corner. the cover to the You to or sheets or sheets the (ADF). the ADF Scanning, or
the outward. the then them to the the originals top first. the the too tightly. the
Copying or Follow the instructions this section to or black-and-white To turn off the heard when Copy or to then OK Select Sound then and OK Copying or You or would If the to or You photo 6-inch, 7-inch, or photo the or the or the the Copy function with originals the selected If the to To Reduce/Enlarge then OK Press or to then OK Copying or
Press the Copy Press or or the to the of to To the then OK Press or to With to around the or to the the to the of the then OK You To type, or other or to the then OK Press or to option, then OK Not and Quality the options choose. the selecting to the Press the B&W or to copying. To copying, Stop/Clear as automatically. Copying or
From This section the from or instructions the Its to to software; or the and Select then the Preferences or On the basic choose the Select the type of (choose or Select Select information about To or the From Click Select or
options, the Advanced Click OK to Click OK or to This appears and shows the of With Follow the below to from OS to If from OS instructions. or the and Select as the Click the arrow to the necessary. Select Click to With
Select and choose with Sheet option. If the isnt shown or the of this Choose from the and these Choose other options from the the With Choose Select Select or Black/Grayscale Select higher or Copy and Application
Click the Advanced to information Click To the the or the Selecting the Correct Select the or software the accordingly. this Select this Bright White Iron-on Cool Double-sided Quality Envelope Paper/Bright White Selecting the Correct
WorkForce numbers, selecting from or or the one-touch buttons. the to You from the FAX Utility. With the With the from the Connecting or the phone from the to the LINE the back of the If connecting the to DSL phone DSL the or to the or telephone DSL the To telephone or of the to the telephone or and the other to the EXT. the back of the Telephone Telephone LINE LINE EXT.
the incoming and the phone or the the WorkForce the If the other the as or the phone or connected to the EXT. to when or should header and the of the To other or the FAX Utility, the Information You should and the header that the of the If the WorkForce of the and the or instructions them. Press the then Press or to then OK Press or to then OK Press OK to the to or other header information the to and Characters You to OK to to the
From the or to then OK You the input the to to OK to to the Press to the the to and Characters and text follow these To the Press to when the to the when international To the or character: or the to the or right. and the right. Dial/Group character and the To characters, repeatedly to switch lowercase, or numbers. Press to characters. Selecting the of to If connected and to the fourth should the WorkForce to the fifth or Press the then Press or to then OK Press or to Communication then OK Press or to to then OK Press or or the to the of then OK Select than the Press to the
From the You manually as below. To the using telephone, redialing, or selecting from the section. To from the FAX Utility, original(s) Press the the to manually the You to To and as necessary. Press the B&W or to If the and white, and white If with the and If the this the first scanned: If to the or the Then to If to another If the redialing and the To immediately, To faxing, Stop/Clear Other to other the used. Dial/Group Select or type the of the and OK Press to another entry, or to From the
One-touch Press the right of the to of the first and OK Press to another or to If connected telephone to the the from the Press to confirm. Dont the phone the and the that matches the of loaded. If the incoming than the loaded, the reduced to or the Reduction select. instructions. To automatically, the light turned To the then OK To the of the If of the and the OK to To manually, off the light and follow these telephone the off the Press to the then the the received, the the phone the Press OK to the light BS
Scanning or You WorkForce to and and them Scanning With the Scan the Scan to photo or and You and included OS Scanning With OS the cover and face-down the the back corner, as shown the cover the Press the Scan Press or to of the following Scan to PC JPG and to Scan to PDF PDF and to Scan to and attaches JPG to outgoing of the following: If to with USB OK to USB and scanning. If to wireless or wired or then OK to scanning. Once scanned, its or or as Scanning or
Scanning With Scan Software You from using Scan. Scan directly from and to OS Scanning With OS instructions, the the cover and face-down the the back corner, as shown the cover the of the following to Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications To from Then the choose or and Scan Office the first (You the the the right corner.) Scanning With Scan Software Click to the
You to with the Click Scan The and its or Scanning With OS You and and them as editing such as and From from the then Click the Scan to scanning. to the selected the Scan To scanning, the Scanning With OS
Product Follow the instructions this chapter to and the head and If to the head, the To top of the cover or as writing If to the cover, microfiber-type cloth. Checking the Head If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head of the Press Press or to then OK Press or to then the the that to there the cleaning If turned OK to If there the head clean. Press and then to If there or the to the head Product
Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning necessary. You the head expended, and to when You the first of the Press Press or to then OK Press or to Head Cleaning then the Cleaning around finished, the LCD off the head cleaning or Press to and that the head clean. If cleaning the head four off and least hours to Then cleaning the head If of the to replaced. If that as If to least once month to quality. Checking You the right the LCD To the with or software, the instructions You or when the other expended. or Cleaning the Head
Press Press or to then OK Press OK to The displayed. to necessary. Press to appear to when This optionally offers and other from To offers or from the instructions Purchasing Cartridges You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase Standard-capacity High-capacity Black that and them. The of other products and Purchasing Cartridges
based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the The with and of the from the first the within months of the and the the cool, If to allow them to to least hours them. Cartridges ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the obtained or the the head Turn the If or expended, the LCD indicating which to Press OK If expended, to to or If If the LCD or to and OK Then Cartridge and OK the then the cover. Cartridges
the the and of the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of and the the four or Then from the the from the of the other or or the the front of the This the the the and clicks Once the that replacing, the cover and clicks the Press OK to charging the This about the LCD charging finished. off the while charging or If the LCD OK and the securely. Then OK If or and the Cartridges
If with the the LCD to the You the troubleshooting or Checking Software Periodically, to free to software. and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With the the You or or EPSON and Follow the instructions the LCD to If of the below, follow the to proceed. LCD and occurred. Turn the off, and back If the the securely connected to phone If connected the to PBX Branch or off Tone Detection
LCD and The nearing or the of their service life. Please Support. and the below Network The or to the wireless router or to the wireless router or with or another to that correctly. that the within of router or the microwave or such as there (such as MAC the wireless router or If the MAC the router or Network to the MAC Then router or instructions. If wireless router or its (SSID), instructions manually wireless If wireless router or wireless security to know what of security If the to wireless the WEP or WPA incorrectly. to the the and the light the and the the and to to and
Network that the and the light the Then and the CD to the software. The appear the OS X) the correctly and that TCP/IP correctly. the the turned and the light the TCP/IP, the IP correctly If IP DHCP, to the IP manually. or the off Network below) and the strength. If the to wireless router or the to microwave or such as the or Scan Scan OS instructions. If while Scan, Scan, and seconds. If Scan the off and and then the Timeout EPSON Scan the Scan If high If the the Network Press the Press or to Network then OK Press or to Network Press the to and
and Copying (usually the whiter, or first, and the right Dont the arrow the the type of matches the and type the or software when copying or faxing. the to or to them. selected If cropped. the back of the If the cropped, from the slightly. the the If correctly, the and the sheets, then them as shown too sheets once. If follow these Gently from the or If the On to off the the the the and turn the If correctly the (ADF), the or curled. If the ADF cover and try to the without the ADF or the and
The the LCD the Press to clear the the cover, and the cover. the ADF cover and the the turned and the LINE the connected to telephone that the telephone connecting to the light turned to automatically. If includes services, or service. If the and off the V.34 and ECM If the connected to DSL phone DSL connected to the DSL the If connected telephone or connected to the EXT. Quality the and If light or or they too to the head cleaning. If to the head. the instructions. The and Clean the with lint-free cloth recommended), or amount of cloth, necessary. directly the and
Where to Technical (U.S.) or and to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative please the following information ready: Product (WorkForce Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase and of the Then U.S.: AM PM through AM PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Other Software Technical ABBYY Phone: Where to
Notices Instructions using and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the only the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the where the easily If using the the from the off the the On and the On light flashing the or off to the the outlet the as or conditioning that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the that its It properly or the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the least inches from the the or heating or sunlight. or cover the or through the products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the Notices
the section while the scanning, or faxing. the white the the to when closing the cover or those that covered the operating instructions. as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. or the its or otherwise from the LCD cloth to clean the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with If or immediately. hand the or immediately removing Leaving the head and the from their this Notices
If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding Telephone Instructions should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and including the following: the using There of shock from telephone to the of the To reduce the of fire, AWG or cord. Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C365A Notices
FCC United States This with of the FCC and the adopted the ACTA. On the back that other information, the FCC and the (REN) this You this information to telephone The information associated with the services the to connected REN: 0.0B type: RJ-11C The REN to the of that to telephone and of those when called. areas, the of the of connected to should To of the of that to to telephone to the REN products July the REN this of the that the US: BKMFA00BC365A The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the This service the telephone to to Should this to the the telephone service temporarily. If they that temporary of service required. advanced isnt the telephone as as You of right to with the FCC. The telephone its operations or that the functioning of If they to to telephone service. This to repaired. If with this please Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: The telephone that this from the the corrected or that the malfunctioning. Notices
and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or to this information follow the instructions Information According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this C365A If about what telephone or This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Notices
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the technical specifications. The of the of to connected to interface. The termination interface of of only to the that the of the of the (IES) interface interface tous This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Inc., Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated only the United States or free from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as Notices
or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and quality. products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers only the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with or service other than Authorized Servicer. If claimed or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF Notices
WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. to software rights owned Corporation, this includes software. to software CD-ROM of software and software terms to this of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright and service of Corporation. WorkForce and service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Notices
CPD-27904 Printed XXXXXX