Network WorkForce
You and as the Then follow the instructions this to the and other information about wireless to: epson.com/support/wireless of the following: If the the first below. If to the the follow the Additional Computers Choose Wireless To the to wireless Wired To the to wired You
Network To the to wireless to the (SSID) of wireless If security to the WEP or the SSID and WEP or below: Network (SSID): WEP or If the WEP or characters, ASCII. If the WEP or characters, The WEP usually If or lowercase to correctly. The the following wireless security WEP WEP and WPA-PSK. If wireless (SSID) or WEP or the who wireless the Ethernet This temporary to the You prompted to the when Ethernet to the LAN Wireless Network
the other to LAN router, or If to Ethernet router, or the directly to Ethernet To this connected to the wirelessly, and Ethernet to IP automatically. with the the section to software. Wireless Network
Software The the WorkForce the instructions the the other the software CD. If the the Account XP: the Software with OS X: Double-click the Click Network
this and Next Follow the on-screen instructions to the software These installations to this the first then Next with the the section to the and to wireless Network
Network that the turned the FireWall Warning Next connected the Ethernet as Network
of the following: If the connected to router, or router/access (RECOMMENDED) If the connected directly to directly to the (ADVANCED) with WPS or SES (NOT SUPPORTED) Click Next If firewall Unblock or Allow to EasyInstall Blocking, or Block that allow EasyInstall. that the publisher SEIKO EPSON, then Unblock OS X, firewall software to allow network EasyInstall. Wireless Network
Select the to then Next It to seconds to the the If appear the seconds, that the turned and the Ethernet connected as Then the refresh Select Wireless Ethernet when prompted) as the type, then Next Wireless Network
Select (SSID) from the then Next If router or its (SSID), Manually Network (SSID) and the Click Next On the wireless security type, then Next If wireless security with If wireless security of the following: If the WEP Security ASCII WEP or characters, or WEP or characters. WEP the text the active WEP to and Next Network
If the WPA Security the text If or lowercase to them correctly. Then Next this Next to the IP (recommended). To the IP manually, On the the IP manually (advanced) and Next the IP and then Next Wireless Network
Select Read/Write or to allow the memory to the only). Click Next the Confirm that the correct, then Next The to the Wireless Network
while the to wireless It while the to to the If the the WEP or incorrectly. to the and If the router/access MAC to to the MAC address.Then router/access to the MAC to the Wireless Network
the Network the Ethernet from the and router, or Click Next to to the Wireless Network
Wired Follow the this section to the to wired the Ethernet Ethernet to the LAN the other to LAN router, or with the the section to software. Wired
Software The the WorkForce the instructions the the other the software CD. If the the Account click XP: the Software with OS X: Double-click the Click Wired
this and Next Follow the on-screen instructions to the software These installations to Select this the first then Next with the the section to the and to wired Wired
Network that the turned the FireWall Warning Next connected the Ethernet as Wired
router/access (RECOMMENDED) directly to the (ADVANCED) or with WPS or SES (NOT SUPPORTED) If firewall Unblock or Allow to Blocking, or Block that allow EasyInstall. that the publisher SEIKO EPSON, then Unblock OS X, firewall software to allow EasyInstall. Wired
Select the to then Next It to seconds to the the If appear the seconds, that the turned and the Ethernet connected as Then the refresh Select Wired Ethernet connected) as the type, then Next Wired
this Next to the IP (recommended). To the IP manually, On the the IP manually (advanced) and Next the IP and then Next Select Read/Write or to allow the memory to the only). Click Next Wired
the Confirm that the correct, then Next The to the while the to It while the to to the Wired (Ethernet)
the Network Next the Ethernet from the or router/access to to the installation. Additional Computers Follow the this section to the software each to the from. Software The the WorkForce the instructions the other the software CD. If the the Account XP: the Software with OS X: Double-click the Additional Computers
Click this and Next Follow the instructions to the software These installations to Additional Computers
Select to this then Next that the turned the FireWall Warning Next Additional Computers
If firewall Unblock or Allow to EasyInstall Blocking, or Block that allow EasyInstall. that the publisher SEIKO EPSON, then Unblock OS X, firewall software to allow EasyInstall. Select the to then Next It to seconds to the the If appear the seconds, that the turned and connected to the Then the refresh to to the installation. Additional Computers
the Follow the operating below OS X Follow the on-screen instructions. the below, the following: the the text (optional) Select as to the (optional) finished selecting Next the software to then Next Follow the on-screen instructions to and the installation. ready to and and on-screen Information the
OS Follow the on-screen instructions. this this Follow the the right of the to EPSON TCP/IP It to seconds to the EPSON TCP/IP the the
Click Next Follow the on-screen instructions to software. ready to and on-screen Information with the the section to the Scan Network the to Scan If necessary, the the to to the then Select Network WorkForce and Press or to then OK WorkForce and Press or to Network then OK Press Press then Network the
Select Confirm Network the IP displayed the LCD IP Address: from the shown From the Double-click the EPSON Scan This appears Click both appears. the WorkForce and Press OK to Confirm Network WorkForce and Press Confirm Network
Select Network as the Click You this Select the IP that wrote To the type the the
Click OK Click OK to the EPSON Scan If the IP to through to Scan ready to and and on-screen Information Troubleshooting If or using these sections below Scanning This section to Network and Software the and first of the software. wireless installations or wired installations.) to or the wireless router or connecting to the wireless router or with or another to that correctly. that the within of wireless router or the microwave or such as Troubleshooting
there (such as MAC the wireless router or If the MAC the router or Network to the MAC Then router or instructions. to wireless router or to its (SSID). If to the SSID manually the software. If wireless router or wireless to know what of security that the WEP or wireless WEP ASCII or If or lowercase to them correctly. If the The of IP and the following If router or to assign IP DHCP, try the IP to wireless installations or wired installations.) If to manually the IP when the IP and the IP and connected to wireless router or router or IP IP written of four The to and the router to assign IP using DHCP, the IP to that with the IP assigned the DHCP IP of router or IP of the normally should the Also, when the as the IP wireless router or Troubleshooting
wired LAN that the wireless the to Select from the Network choose Wireless LAN and If to the wired The appear the OS X) the correctly and that TCP/IP correctly. the network Network and that the correct. that the turned and that router, switch, or LED the the connected to or flashing. If the LED off, the following. the Ethernet securely connected to both the and router, switch, or connecting to another router, switch, or the to another router, switch or connecting the to router, switch, or with another Ethernet TCP/IP, the IP correctly If IP DHCP, to the IP manually. wired Network If the Network Disconnect, Ethernet and try turning the off and back wireless Network If the Disconnect, that the wireless router or turned and that the wireless Troubleshooting
the and first-time of the software. wireless installations or wired installations.) or the off Network and the Condition. If the to wireless router or the to or such as appears when with If access, this to the LAN or to manually Scanning the or Scan If using OS X, that the Scan If while Scan, Scan, and seconds. If Scan the off and back and then restarting Scan. the Timeout EPSON Scan the Scan If firewall or security software the search EPSON Scan correctly. this Network EPSON Scan and the IP manually. If high If the the Troubleshooting
The IP If the to IP automatically, the IP each the turned If the IP to the Scan Network To the IP from try the following: the the or DHCP to IP the routers Network If necessary, the the to to the then Network Troubleshooting WorkForce and Press or to then OK WorkForce and Press or to Network then OK Press Press then Network
Select Confirm Network Press the to Network If necessary, the the to to the then WorkForce and Press OK to Confirm Network WorkForce and WorkForce and Press or to then OK Press Confirm Network Press Troubleshooting
Select Select Network of the following: WorkForce and Select and OK as necessary to the Select as to the Press to to the Troubleshooting WorkForce and Press or to then OK WorkForce and Press to Network then OK Press then Press
Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or other than those as Products or Products Corporation. to software rights Corporation, this includes software. the Software Notices section the Information of software and software to this and of Corporation. WorkForce and of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Software
FPO CPD-25674R1 Printed XXXXXX