Unpack (Included only) If as the back. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. only: French from the and the text the protective including from the the and the the as shown. the Turn and the to Press the On then the To the the Unlock To the Unlock to the information using and the Select Press or to then OK the Unpack the the yellow from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the while charges. Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont turn off the while the charging or The The or 10-inch The or 7-inch photo the Then back the and the and them Then with the or face-down. the the the the and them Then 6-inch or 7-inch with the or face-down. the fits the the the the as the output and the
Turn and the to Press the then the On Unlock To the the To the Unlock to the information using and the Select Press or OK then to the Unpack (Included only) If as the back. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. French from the and only: the the protective including from the the and the the as shown. the Unpack the the yellow from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the while charges. Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while the charging or The trays. The or 10-inch The or 7-inch photo the Then back the and the and them Then with the or face-down. the the the the and them Then 6-inch or 7-inch photo with the or face-down. the fits the the the the as the and the
Choose Network (wireless or wired) Network You cant software as below OR USB USB included). Then follow the below. USB Follow these to the directly to USB included). the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the software CD. With the the Account Click and follow the on-screen instructions. this USB and then Next prompted, USB USB If securely the USB and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and to to these 2-year warranty and toll-free the CD. ready to or Information the NOT CONNECTED to the software CD. Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. this USB and then Next prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned If OS to If OS or with the this Follow the the right of the to the Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and to to these warranty and toll-free the CD. to or on-screen Information instructions scanning, copying, scanning, and using the Information Click the shortcut easy to the How-to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and You to the Information If cant the shortcut, the Information Network and Instructions the and other information about wireless to: epson.com/support/wireless On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to customer, with toll-free telephone and PIN ID to Telephone PIN ID: You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software Technical ArcSoft Creations www.arcsoft.com/support and with the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. high Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Light warranty to purchasers; 2-year toll-free and warranty within of purchase. California and to this warranty rights. and service of Corporation. and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27505 the to the right and with when purchasing Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX than the below to Its as easy as Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Light
prompted, USB USB If securely connected the USB and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and to to these warranty and toll-free the CD. ready to or Information NOT CONNECTED the to the software CD. Double-click the and follow the on-screen instructions. Click USB this Next and then prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned If using OS to If OS or with the Choose Network (wireless or wired) Network You cant software as below OR USB USB included). Then follow the below. USB Follow these to the directly to USB included). to NOT CONNECTED the and If New the USB You cant software that the software CD. With the the Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click USB this Next and then this Follow the the right of the to the Click Next necessary. Follow the instructions to the of the software and to to these warranty and toll-free the CD. ready to or on-screen Information instructions scanning, scanning, and using the Information Click the shortcut easy to the How-to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and You to the Information If cant the shortcut, the Information Network and Instructions the and other information about wireless to: epson.com/support/wireless On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to customer, with toll-free telephone and PIN ID to Telephone PIN ID: You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software Technical ArcSoft Creations www.arcsoft.com/support and with than photo the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. high the below to Its as easy as Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Light 1-year warranty to purchasers; 2-year toll-free and warranty within of purchase. California and to this warranty rights. and service of Corporation. and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-27505 the to the right and with when purchasing Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Printed XXXXXX Light Printed XXXXXX