WorkForce Copy Scan business and office. and productivity and to and without about the of Easily network within and Ethernet often High- capacity and High-capacity Black Protect and highlighter those from and those from the fast, as as to and to memory; without memory PictBridge and 2.5-inch LCD and copying with high reduce and to with useful software included OCR and creativity software to brochures, and to than or of with built-in, ADF protection count SM with warranty and 2-year toll-free with
WorkForce Copy Scan Specifications (CMYK) and Black Cartridge DURABrite and highlighter Longevity to years Droplet as as Black to text to text to text to Copy Black to to Specifications Black-and-white and as as Memory: to Photoelectric CIS interpolated Copy Quality Color: Black/White, Normal Copy (PC-free) Copy (PC-free) Copy to reduction and PC-free to PDF, to memory Correction, college-ruled, wide-ruled and stationery with and without sheets LCD Memory Card CompactFlash Memory Memory Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO Memory (SD SDHC SD SDHC SD SDHC Card Card Card Direct PictBridge from and PC-free) Supported PRINT Print, DPOF PC-free and Correction, and white, red-eye PC-free measured first based and text measured first based and text Additional based software and complexity. www.epson.com/ information about Black text about to or as of Based typical office and/or Compared to or as of March Based testing of to eight-hour One-year warranty to purchasers; toll-free and second-year warranty within of purchase. based testing of displayed to light intensity, and atmospheric the longevity of life, or properly them. www.wilhelm-research.com the information. required. the of The of other products and longevity and Cartridge based printed, type, of and amount of the the The with and of the from the first the www.epson.com/cartridgeinfo information about Inc. www.epson.com www.epson.ca Airport CA M1W 3Z5 Specifications to without and and of Corporation. DURABrite service and WorkForce of America, Inc. other and and/or of their respective and rights these Copyright America, Inc. CPD-26458R1 A4, B5, A5, A6, user length) A4, Supports Bright White Double-sided, and Scrapbook Envelope DL, C6; Capacity sheets Recommended Cartridges High-capacity Black or High-capacity Black or Yellow, and (W H) Connectivity USB Wireless Compatible with Wired XP, XP Professional OS and Software Included to Scan, ArcSoft Creations, ABBYY OCR Correction, RGB and ICM Sound to F to C) to F to C) Relative UL60950, CSA C22.2 EMI FCC B, CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Regulations FCC (U.S.A.), IC/CS03 Rated VAC Rated Rated ISO Approx. Warranty One-year warranty the U.S. and Two-year with Whats The WorkForce instructional CD-ROM with and software, cord, Ethernet (CAT-5), telephone cord, High-capacity Black and three standard-capacity Yellow)