Parts cover Cartridges Cartridge Black S020187 S020191 cover output thickness EPSON S041060 A4 S041059 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON Quality A4 A6 EPSON A4 inches EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality A6 S041054 Cards EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON only) EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 EPSON S041257 Heavyweight Specifications Black each: yellow) Bidirectional with ESC/P EPSON Remote 32KB EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR A6, A6, S041062 S041161 S041067 S041072 S041071 S041107 S041141 S041140 S041134 S041145 S041144-KIT S041144
EPSON COLOR type Thickness sheets inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 A5 inches) A4 A6 inches) distributed EPSON Heavyweight Self-adhesive sheets A4 distributed EPSON inches DL, inches C6, inches inches) Index A6 distributed EPSON inches inches) A4 inches A6 frames/sheet distributed EPSON Iron-On Cool inches) distributed EPSON the sheet first, first with the Since the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON Quality and these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON COLOR and to inch distributed EPSON to and EPSON or to inch to to to distributed EPSON B-L B-R A: The top inch sheets of EPSON Quality the top inches B-L: The inch B-R: The right inch C: The inch You the to inch selecting as the Printable the to quality. B-L B-R C to to C
EPSON 6-inch perforations) A: The top inch R: The and right inch The and right inch C: The inch EPSON 6-inch inches including the perforated The inches Cartridges Black (S020187) (S020191) Color(s) Black capacity* (ISO/IEC coverage) Cartridge years from (within months F C]) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) inches (W H) (W H) The based The often the and often the head. thaws and F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranties. Dont the the expired. C inches (W H) (W H) Mechanical Friction Sheet sheets of capacity Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the Specification to to Rated to to Rated Approx. (ISO/IEC the the back of the to F to C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) Humidity (without to RH to RH UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR light light light Follow these when the Cartridge the lights. The light when the and ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. flashes and light flashes and both lights Press the the and to to clear the If that off the and the of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Turn the and the to the light or incorrectly loaded. of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Press the to or light flashes, supply S020187, S020191). or light to the S020187, S020191). instructions. and and the lights and the lights of the head or the from the cartridge(s). Turn off the the cover, and Then the back If light and the head the cartridge(s) as If the lights and/or or EPSON. and EPSON COLOR light cleaning and and the lights flash, internal the as the Then off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON. off the lights off, the these the turned Turn off the the securely, and the the outlet and switch or If another Follow these and the others the both and them of or the the from the top of the or permanently them. Dont the clear the or Dont to to with Once cant light flashing, the hasnt or than off the when the of the reach of and the If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with the and the cover.
the the then only the of the top. Dont off the (S020187) (S020191) both with the facing as shown. Press the they the themselves. cleaning and the cover. Press the charging about and half, with the light flashing and the finished. Dont off the or charging or than necessary. Its finished when the light flashing. Testing the You to whether from the or other Follow these to the both the and turned off. the interface from the the then and release the the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. (If the its to the head; To the turn off the the Then the interface and turn and If the the software the interface or If the with the and the EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR Whether or to the to the the below. Select this this and EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality Quality EPSON EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight Additional Loading Dont the cleaning that included with they the to the (whiter) of the the You to the arrow the to the option, to the the software. If the protective each of to the protective that to correctly; follow instructions the sheets the and the EPSON COLOR Quality Cartridge You empty. the the obtained the the head To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the than months to it that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020187 S020191 or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please If to the lights flash the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge Removing and Cartridges light flashing or (If these when both lights off, the cleans the heads as You when the Once the the Follow these to the turned and (the light should then the cover. To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant or
cleaning and about three seconds the head and the Press the light flashing. the The from its (The shows To the only the the of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the of the and of Unwrap the Then the of the top. To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant (S020187) (S020191) You the from the top of the or permanently and Dont off the or to the clear the the its with the facing and the back of the Then the the If to the other through with cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes, and the Charging about seconds. finished, the The light flashing and off the while the light the hasnt or than Outdated Cartridge than months to that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both or Follow these to the light flashing or the turned and (the light should flashing), then the cover. and about three seconds the head and the Press the light flashing. EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR the The from its (The shows To the the the of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the of the and of the Then the of the top. (S020187) (S020191) You the yellow from the top of the or permanently and Dont off the or to the clear the EPSON COLOR the its with the facing and the back of the Then the the If to the other through with and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes and the Charging about seconds. finished, the The light flashing and light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head only You the head of the following using the Head Cleaning (when the connected to the buttons Both the the Its to least once month to quality. If with cleaning the cleaning with the
the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning (recommended the turned and both the and lights off. (If light flashing, the If the with to then Right-click EPSON COLOR the Then NT). Click the Macintosh: Click the On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the off the while the light the hasnt or than light flashing, to the head and the cleaning the the and Then Next The If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning four or the the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head light flashes. the Follow these to the head: the turned and both the lights off. (If light flashing, the cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the Press the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the and the cleaning the If directly to the to to If and containing and Then to If the with to then Right-click EPSON COLOR the Then NT). Click the Macintosh: Click the the the and Next The the section If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning four or the the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR and light flashes.
EPSON COLOR the the It should something this: and straight should with the If If as shown below, clean the head instructions. the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the turned and loaded. thats least inches to from the and the EPSON the whenever the head If the with to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Select NT). Click the Click the EPSON COLOR You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning included with they the Transporting the If to its or of To the when the to the the its location. Follow these Turn the the head the right then turn off the the from the Then the from the from the and the
the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the Repack the and the the protective that with the that with to the as the the the head and If quality, the head the head Related TM-SC670 EPSON COLOR Service PL-SC670 EPSON COLOR CPD-9992 EPSON COLOR CPD-9993 EPSON COLOR CPD-10038 EPSON COLOR the CPD-9994 EPSON COLOR CD-ROM the to the EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR