WorkForce these instructions Unpack French (included only) ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective the shown below. It of the Turn the to the back of the and to to LCD the OK with the instructions the following sections to and software. AM the and the On If to the the release To the release to the Select To English as OK If to the or to then OK Select country/region and OK Daylight through otherwise, Press OK Select the and OK Press the to the and OK Select the or and OK Press the to the Then or to AM or PM necessary. Press OK You the and using the information, the the the cover. the gently or then them. the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. the Press OK to the This about with and of the from the first the Dont turn off the while or this You A4-, or as as information the the instructions or photo the the the of the the outward. the shown below the of the with the or facedown. the the too tight. the the the Gently the the as shown. LTR
the and the On If to the the release To the release to the (included only) Select as English To OK If to the or to OK then OK Select country/region and Daylight Select through otherwise, OK Press OK the and Press the to the and OK and or Select the OK Press the to the Then necessary. PM or AM to or OK Press You the and the information, the the WorkForce these instructions using Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective the shown below. It of the Turn the to the back of the and to to LCD the OK with the instructions the following sections to and software. AM the cover. the or then them. the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. the Press OK to the This about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or this You A4-, or as as photo information the the instructions or photo the the the of the the outward. the shown below the of LTR the with the or facedown. the the too tight. the the the Gently the the as shown.
the To the included to telephone and to the LINE the back of To telephone or the EXT. the If to DSL DSL or to DSL the software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the CD. If the If the Account or OS X: Double-click the Click or OS X) and follow the instructions the Select the options section this information. Choose Then Next or OS X) and follow the instructions AM options You the software every from which to the first using temporary USB to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the If using OS or or USB to the the to wireless Follow the instructions software installation; they to the wirelessly this know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). Wired Ethernet included). You the software every from which to If below: Network the right (SSID). If firewall Unblock or Allow to If security network (WEP or WPA correctly. If ABC or lowercase them correctly. Function buttons Press or the to highlight or function button. Press OK to the the to AB12 lowercase or and to characters Highlight and OK The Press On to the from to with USB securely connected as shown: instructions copying, faxing, scanning, and On-screen with software or when using software. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the technical technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software technical ABBYY Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of business and to information. Smooth, and business the below to Its as easy as WorkForce High-capacity High-capacity Black wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect WorkForce, and and of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-34357R1 Printed XXXXXX
options You the software every from which to the first installation, using temporary USB to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or or USB to the the to wireless Follow the instructions software they to the wirelessly this (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). Wired Ethernet included). You the software every from which to If below: Network the right (SSID). Unblock If firewall Allow or to If security (WEP or WPA or lowercase ABC correctly. If them correctly. Press or the to highlight or function button. to OK Press the the lowercase AB12 function buttons to or and to characters OK and Highlight The to the from On Press the To the included to LINE and to the the back of To or EXT. the the If to DSL DSL or to DSL the software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software the to NOT CONNECTED If New and the USB You cant software that the CD. If the If the Account or Double-click the X: OS OS X) and or Click follow the instructions the Select the section this information. or Next Choose Then OS X) and follow the instructions AM to connecting with USB securely connected as shown: instructions copying, faxing, scanning, and On-screen with software Select or when using software. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the technical technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and of to without or charges apply. Function Software technical ABBYY Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and with professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of business and photo to information. Smooth, and business the below to Its as easy as WorkForce High-capacity High-capacity Black Yellow wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect WorkForce, and DURABrite and of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-34357R1 Printed XXXXXX