WorkForce Scanning, and All-in-One
the The To from the To the release and the If to off the heard when follow these Press the Press selected and OK Press or to and OK Select Sound and OK Press to and OK Press the to to the the
Loading You to sheets of or Bright White or sheets of and and sheets the and the Then the and the the then the and If the Loading
the or first, the right Then the the too tightly. inches the fits the arrow the first, or top first. and instructions the on-screen Information offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Bright White inches) S041586 inches S041809 S042038 Loading inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 count
inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 S041982 inches) S041062 inches S041467 inches) S041568 Double-sided S041341 Quality A4 inches) S041106 Iron-on Cool inches) S041153 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches) S042175 S042182 inches) S041331 inches) S041067 inches) S041257 S042180 count
Scanning, or or or the (below) or the the You or or to (or A4) the to or and white the and face-down the with the top the back corner. If or 6-inch to the them least inch the the original(s). Scanning, or inch inch
the You to sheets or the the then them to the the and then the outward. the originals the the too tightly. the Copy function, selected If the to the
Copying or Once originals the or the or and white Copying below Restoring, or Copying Copying original(s) copying Bright White or Press the Copy selected. Press OK Press or to the of Press or to or B&W and white) Press or to the the or Copying or
To and then OK to and Copy The should With and the should To the to Reduce/Enlarge then or to choose (and using or (to the to or of the listed. Then OK If using the to or Press to to the and the choose Text or Text or graphics. To the only), Quality then or to choose Quality or Press OK selecting OK Press to copying. To copying, Stop/Clear Restoring, or Copying You or 6-inch, 7-inch, or You with or without to and white, and or the them least inch 6-inch, 7-inch, or photo the Restoring, or Copying
Press the Copy selected. Then OK Press then or Copy/Restore selected. Press OK To Restoration to as OK to On (If turn Restoration to Then OK this OK to to the of OK If than photo the or to through To than or to the to If copying this the other as If to and the to Display/Crop To the or To the the arrow buttons. To the OK OK Press OK to Copying or
To of the the and then OK to and Copy To the then or to choose the of loaded. OK options the choose.) To the type, then or to choose the the loaded. Then OK this type Choose this To the then Press or to choose On to the the to the of the or to around the Then OK To the amount of when then or to choose or Then OK white the If to black-and-white of then or and choose B&W Then OK selecting OK ready to To copying, Stop/ Clear with options to or with true-to-life and sharpness. the on-screen Information Restoring, or Copying
or WorkForce or selecting from the to these Connecting or below Features information and the Information Connecting or the phone from the to the LINE the back of the WorkForce If the WorkForce to DSL phone DSL the or to the or as below. DSL the or
To telephone or phone of the to the or and the other to the EXT. the back of the WorkForce (or to another the If to the fourth should the WorkForce to the fifth or Press the Press or to then OK Press or to then OK Select Communication then OK Press or to to then Press or to the of then OK Select than the of the to the other and the phone or the the WorkForce the If the other the phone as or the phone or to the EXT. the WorkForce to incoming when phone If and the without or connected to the EXT. the disconnected when and the WorkForce the or to header, and of numbers. Information Select Scan and or To other or the on-screen Information
Information You should header information that their If the WorkForce of the and the on-screen Information instructions the and Press the Press or to then OK Press or to then OK Select then OK Press OK to the to the header information; the information.) You to Press OK to to the from the then OK You the input the to phone You to (You to dashes.) Press OK to to the or
the to and Characters Follow these to and characters. To the or character: Function or the to the or right. and the character to the right. Dial/Group character and the Backspace to the To the Press to when the to type the when international To characters, repeatedly to switch lowercase, or numbers. Press to these characters: Select Scan and these to the of incoming and outgoing the WorkForce the which printed, and when Press the Press or to then OK Press or to then OK Select Scan then OK
of the following and options the of outgoing and the of received the when and to Indicates the of the A4 WorkForce Reduction Indicates whether incoming On reduced to the selected On or their sheets On On or You of them faxing. You to the to numbers. The WorkForce allows to to combined and to the and easy reference Creating Press the Press or to then OK Press or to then OK Select then OK or Indicates when the WorkForce the Select to off On to reports only when or On to reports
Select and OK You the of To or from existing or instead. Select or type the of the to then OK the to the phone Press OK the to to the then OK You to the If to another and the Creating Press the Press or to then OK Press or to then OK Select and OK Select and OK You the of To or from existing or instead. Select or type the of the to then OK the to to the entry, then OK You this:
Press or to highlight then to to the To that selected, or to highlight the entry, then to to the group. finished, OK If to another and the or To or follow these Press the selected, then OK Press then or to and then OK You this Select or and OK loaded, then to You manually (as below), redialing the previous or selecting from original(s) Press the selected, then OK the to the You to To the telephone, redialing, or selecting from or
Press or to or B&W If the and white, and white Press OK to summary of Press to To faxing, Stop/Clear If with the and If the this the first scanned: If to the or the Then OK to If to another If the redialing and the WorkForce To immediately, Other to to other If connected telephone to the WorkForce the from the the right, then OK Dont the phone the WorkForce the To or entry, Dial/Group Dial/Backspace Select or type the of the to then OK
To the used, The displayed the Press and then to to (You or the or Press and to to from another to which (such as information service). the back to when finished. and the that matches the of If the than the loaded, the reduced to or the Reduction select. If of the and the to To automatically, the light the turned To the To the of the WorkForce To manually, the to off this (and the light). Then follow these the off the You this Press OK to If to the the the received, the shown the phone the or
From Memory Card The WorkForce directly from memory You or DPOF or to and from the You connecting directly. the Information Memory Card the the as shown. The memory light flashes, then Right SD TM SDHC TM TM TM Memory TM Memory TM Memory TM Memory PRO TM Memory PRO TM Memory PRO-HG TM Memory Memory TM Card TM Card H, M, M+ Memory light CompactFlash TM From Memory Card
The these JPEG with the to of to (If there than the of to on-screen Information To the the memory light flashing, then the straight of its the or off the WorkForce while the memory light flashing; the Selecting From the Screen Press the selected, and OK Select and and OK Press or to through and the that to Correct appears the top of the Press Correct to the corrected Press Correct to to the To than or to the of of that photo. To the photo, the Display/Crop and instructions. Press or to other the of and From Memory Card
selecting OK You the To of the displayed the OK and To of the the OK and selecting OK ready to To Stop/Clear To switch the from photo to the Display/Crop when Memory Card
From This section the or or instructions the on-screen Information software and connected the WorkForce to as the Its to to WorkForce software. instructions. or the and You this Select EPSON WorkForce then the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the From Select EPSON WorkForce Click to software
On the the choose the the using Select the type of (choose or Select Select to the the Shortcuts and of the You the the Advanced on-screen Information To the and sharpness of To reduce or Red-Eye If to reduce or or the and as necessary. the Advanced information about or on-screen Information Click OK to Click Select or
Click OK or to This appears and shows the of With the section below operating OS or the and Select EPSON WorkForce as the Click to the necessary. From Select EPSON WorkForce Click to
Select the options. choose with option. If the isnt shown the the of this (If from Preview, the shown below.) Choose from the then the following Select Copy and Application Select Select or Black Select higher or With
Choose other options from the the on-screen Information To reduce or choose from the and Red-Eye Click To the the Select then option to or necessary. or Select the OS and photo or Select from the Select the following choose option the Click OK to the From Select WorkForce Select Select or
Select from the You this Choose from the and the following as necessary: to Advanced information about the Click the Advanced to information advanced Choose other options from the the on-screen Information Click Select Select Select type or Black Select higher or Select With
To the the (or the and WorkForce the or Select the Selecting the Correct Select the or software. This the WorkForce what of the coverage accordingly. this Select this Bright White Double-sided Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool Envelope From Paper/Bright White
Scanning or You WorkForce to and and them as or other The Scan software three Office and text quickly. and options scanning. Professional and of instructions, the on-screen Information Scanning You from Scan. Scan directly from and to the cover and face-down the the back corner, as shown the the of the following to Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications If from Then the choose or and WorkForce Scanning or
Scan Office the first (You the the the right corner.) You to with the Click Scan The and its or Scanning or Click to the
Scanning You and PDF or another With the to the of the following to Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications Select Office the right. Select the Select or ADF as the Source the of the originals and their the Select the based the or the to or to text (OCR): Click the to and the first the back top of the other and them the If (or around the to the the necessary. Click Scan and the location, and (such as PDF) To the or Scanning
All-in-One Follow the to and clean the head, and To the head, necessary, the on-screen Information Checking the Head If or them, the head clogged. Follow these to the head the Press the button. Press or to and OK Press or to and OK You this Select and OK Press the that to there the cleaning If there the head clean. Select and OK If there or the Head Cleaning and OK Then to clean the head. All-in-One
Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning only necessary. You the head expended, and to it when You the first the Press the button. Press or to and OK Press or to and OK You this Select Head Cleaning and OK Press Cleaning about finished, the off the cleaning or Select and OK Then to and that the head clean. Select and OK when If cleaning the head four turn off WorkForce and least hours to Then If WorkForce it to least once month to Cleaning the Head
Checking the Cartridge WorkForce when or its or You or when the other expended. or copying. To from the anytime, follow these Press the Press or to and OK Select and OK You this: with to the necessary. Press OK to appear when to when This optionally offers and other from On or OS that connected to the to these offers the first try to when Click or To offers or from the instructions on-screen Information All-in-One
Purchasing Cartridges You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase High Capacity High Capacity Capacity Black The High Capacity that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the The with and of the from the first charging the within months of the cool, If exposed to allow them to to least hours them. Purchasing Cartridges
Cartridges You immediately the ones. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the cartridge(s) obtained or the the head Turn the WorkForce If or expended, the which to and OK (You If the the or to and OK Press or to and OK Select Cartridge and OK the then the cover. All-in-One
the the and straight of the or try to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of the then from the to the the the yellow from the of the other or or the the and clicks Once the that replacing, the cover and clicks the Press OK to charging the This about the charging finished. To off the WorkForce while If the OK and the securely. If or and the Cartridges
the the to the of You the basic troubleshooting below) or the on-screen Information Checking Software Updates Periodically, to to WorkForce software. on-screen Information and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With of the following: Right-click the and Click or or then EPSON then EPSON WorkForce and then Click the the and and the below WorkForce If the the WorkForce to Press the On to
and Copying (usually the whiter, or first, and the right Dont the arrow the the type of matches the and type the when copying when or software the to or to them. selected copying. If cropped. the back of the If the cropped, from the slightly. If feed correctly when and the of the to the the the right and the too once If Press to the If from the or and
If the On to off the Then the the and torn the and the back If feed correctly the the corners of the or than of If the ADF cover and to the to the without the ADF cover first, or the Select or OK to clear the the
the turned and the LINE the WorkForce connected to that the telephone connecting to If the the and Select and OK then Communication and OK Turn off the V.34 and ECM Correction If the WorkForce connected to DSL phone DSL connected to the phone DSL the If when phone or connected to the EXT. If connected, to the of to to than the of the Quality the quality, and If light or or they too to the head cleaning. If to the head. the on-screen Information instructions. The and If copying, the the Clean the with lint-free cloth recommended), or amount of cloth, necessary. directly the and
Where To Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product (WorkForce Product (located the back) Proof of purchase (such as and of purchase and of the Then U.S.: AM PM through AM PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Other Software Technical ArcSoft Creations Phone: www.arcsoft.com/support ABBYY
Notices Instructions and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the only the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the outlet where the easily If the the from the off the using the On button, and the On light flashing the or off to the the outlet the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the the that its It properly or or the its or otherwise from the the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the least inches from the the or heating or sunlight. or cover the or through the Notices
products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the the section while the the white the the those that covered the operating instructions. as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Warning: The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other This with Health and following. LCD cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with If or immediately. the or Notices
immediately Leaving the head and the from If the supply from and and it the as the that there the covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the Telephone Instructions using telephone should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and including the following: the near telephone There of shock from telephone to the of the To reduce the of fire, AWG or cord. Inc., Warranty What Covered: America, Inc., warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and the warranty as measured from the of purchase. The warranty years purchase with within of purchase, and otherwise. of California or to the warranty rights. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service needed, its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Notices
Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF Notices
WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write America, Inc., P.O. CA Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C363A Notices
FCC United States This with of the FCC and the adopted the ACTA. On the back that other information, the FCC and the (REN) this You this information to The information associated with the services the to connected REN: 0.1B type: RJ-11C The REN to the of that to telephone and of those when telephone called. areas, the of the of connected to should To of the of that to to telephone to the REN products July the REN this of the that the US: BKMFA01BC363A The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the This service the telephone to to Should this to the telephone the telephone service temporarily. If they that temporary of service required. advanced isnt the telephone as as You of right to with the FCC. The telephone its operations or that the functioning of If they to to telephone service. This to repaired. If with this please America, Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: The telephone that this from the the corrected or that the malfunctioning. Notices
and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and adopted the ACTA. telephone and with this It to to that instructions The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the of the or such business, other entity, or to this information follow the instructions Information According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide If specially to the telephone the of this C363A If about what telephone or This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Notices
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the (IES) interface interface tous This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when using While countries copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright and service of Corporation. WorkForce and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Notices
CPD-25673 Printed XXXXXX