NX620/625 these instructions Unpack French ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective Turn and the to Press the On then the To the the release and the To NX620/625 the release to the Select To English as OK If to the or to then OK the then the cover. the or then them. the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. Then the while the about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or the the to the of the 1-F C 1-F the to the with the or face-down. the the and sticking from the of the the the of the too tightly. the as The slightly as the This the and the 1-F 1-F
NX620/625 Read these instructions Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective Turn and the to Press the then the On To the the release and the To NX620/625 the release to the the the each Select OK as English To Press each clicks. If to the or to OK then the cover. Press clicks. Then the the then the cover. while the about with and of the from the first the the or then them. Dont off the while or the the yellow from each the to the of the Dont other or the 1-F C 1-F the to the with the or face-down. the the and from the of the the the of the too tightly. the as The slightly as the This the and the 1-F 1-F
Choose You to existing (wireless or wired) or directly to USB included). below each Wireless You the software every from which to the installation, USB included) to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or USB to the buttons the to wireless (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). the to instructed to Wired Ethernet Ethernet included). You the software every from which to software the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the CD. If the If the Account or Double-click the necessary. Click and follow the on-screen instructions. Crop of Turn on/off Select of LCD copying/ Display/Crop wireless copying/ and to top switch to previous instructions scanning, and Click the shortcut to the software downloads, SM and On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical (U.S.) or where or You with (U.S.), AM to PM through and AM to PM or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. If below: Network the right If Unblock or Allow to If security network (WEP or WPA correctly. If ABC or lowercase them correctly. Function Press or the to highlight or function the Press OK to the function buttons to AB12 lowercase or or to characters nished, highlight and OK You the LCD troubleshooting information. to with USB securely connected as shown: 1-B C 1-B and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. and business the below to Its as easy as NX620/625 Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity Black and and service of Corporation. and DURABrite of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27815 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B
Choose You to existing (wireless or wired) or directly to USB included). below each Wireless You the software every from which to the installation, USB included) to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the or USB If using OS to the buttons the to wireless know (SSID) and Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). the to instructed to Wired Ethernet Ethernet included). You the software from which to software to NOT CONNECTED the If New and the USB You cant software that the CD. If the If the Account or On-screen with software Select or when software. Double-click the necessary. Technical and follow the instructions. Click (U.S.) or where or You with (U.S.), AM to PM through and AM to PM or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Crop of Turn on/off Select of LCD copying/ If below: Network Display/Crop the right If Unblock or Allow to If security wireless network copying/ and (WEP or WPA correctly. If ABC or lowercase them correctly. to top switch to Function buttons instructions scanning, and network Press or the to highlight or function the Press OK to the function to AB12 lowercase or or to characters nished, highlight and OK You the LCD troubleshooting information. Click the shortcut to the software downloads, to with USB and SM securely as shown: 1-B C 1-B and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. and business the below to Its as easy as NX620/625 Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity Black and and service of Corporation. and DURABrite of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27815 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B