WorkForce Read these instructions Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective the shown below. It of the Turn the to Press the release to the Then the On To the the release Select Select and country. Touch the to the option. Press or to Select the Daylight or Select the the to the then OK Select AM PM or the to the Press OK when You the and selecting from the selecting then information and the the the cover. the gently or then them. the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. Then the Press the OK to the This about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or You A4-, or as as or 10-inch photo instructions the only A4, or the shown below the of 6-inch or the with the or 6-inch or the the and sticking from the of the the the too tight. the the the or 6-inch Gently the The slightly as the This Follow to to the clear cover then loaded. the as shown.
Press the release to the Then the On To the the release Select Select and country. Touch the to the option. Press or to countries. Daylight Select the or Select the the to the then OK or PM AM Select the to the when OK Press You the and selecting from the selecting then information and the the the cover. WorkForce these instructions Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective the shown below. It of the Turn the to the or then them. only the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. Then the Press the OK to the This about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or You A4-, or as as or 10-inch instructions the only A4, or the shown below the of 6-inch or the with the or 6-inch or the the and sticking from the of the the the too tight. the the the or 6-inch Gently the The slightly as the This Follow to to the clear cover then loaded. the as shown.
the phone To the included phone to telephone and to the LINE the back of To or the If to DSL DSL or to DSL the Choose You to existing (wireless or wired) or directly to USB included). below each Wireless You the software from which to the first USB included) to wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or USB to the the to wireless know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). the to instructed to Wired Ethernet Ethernet included). You the software every from which to software the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that CD. If the If the Account or Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. Macintosh: Select the items to then instructions copying, faxing, and instructions. with software Select or when software. Click the shortcut (or the Applications/ Software/Guide to the software downloads, SM and Technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S. AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software Technical ABBYY If below: Network the right If firewall Unblock or Allow to If security network (WEP or WPA correctly. If ABC or lowercase them correctly. Press to ABC lowercase or and Press or the character Press or to the Press to Press OK when finished The Press the to the from to connecting with USB securely connected as shown: and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Smooth, and graphical business WorkForce Cartridges High-capacity High-capacity Black and service of Corporation. WorkForce and DURABrite and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-28099 Printed XXXXXX the below to Its as easy as
software NOT the to CONNECTED If New and the USB You cant software that CD. If the If the or Account Double-click the and follow the on-screen Click instructions. Select the items to then instructions copying, faxing, scanning, and instructions. the To the included phone to telephone and to the LINE the back of To or the If connecting to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the Choose You to existing (wireless or wired) or directly to USB included). below each Wireless You the software from which to the first installation, using USB included) to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or USB to the the to wireless know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). the to instructed to Wired Ethernet included). You the software from which to On-screen with software Select or when software. Click the shortcut (or the Applications/ Software/Guide to the software downloads, SM and Technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S. AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software Technical ABBYY If below: Network the right If firewall Unblock or Allow to If security (WEP or WPA correctly. If ABC or lowercase them correctly. Press to ABC lowercase or and Press or the character Press or to the Press to Press OK when finished The touch Press the to the from to connecting with USB securely connected as shown: and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Smooth, and graphical business the below to Its as easy as WorkForce Cartridges High-capacity High-capacity Black and service of Corporation. WorkForce and and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-28099 Printed XXXXXX