these instructions Unpack French only) ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective from the including from the the and the lock. the as shown. the Turn and the cord. to Press the On then the Select to then OK Press or the Unpack the only the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the while the which about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or The trays. The A4, or 10-inch The or 7-inch instructions the the front cover already). the Then back the and the and them Then with the or face-down. the the the the and them Then 6-inch or 7-inch with the or face-down. the fits the the the the as the output and the the
Press the then the On Select to then OK Press or French only) the Unpack the the yellow from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. these instructions Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective from the including from the the and the lock. the as shown. the Turn and the cord. to the while the which about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or The trays. The A4, or 10-inch The or 7-inch photo instructions the the front cover the Then back the and the and them Then with the or face-down. the the the the and them Then 6-inch or 7-inch photo with the or face-down. the fits the the the the as the and the the
Choose You to existing (wireless or wired) or directly to USB included). below each the to instructed to You the software every from which to the first installation, temporary USB to wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or USB to the the to wireless know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). Wired Ethernet Ethernet included). You the software every from which to software If CD the software from the technical the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that CD. If the If the Account or OS X: Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. OS X: Click and follow the on-screen instructions. and scanning. On-screen with software Select or when software. Click the (or the Applications/ Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as below. technical (U.S.) or where or To with U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products If below: Network the right (SSID). If firewall Unblock or Allow to If security (WEP or WPA correctly. If ABC or lowercase them correctly. Press or the to or function the Then OK the function buttons to AB12 lowercase or to characters finished, and OK You the troubleshooting information. to with USB securely connected as shown: and with than the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from Authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Instant-drying high Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Function buttons Light Light wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect and and of Corporation. and and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-34185 Printed XXXXXX the below to Its as easy as
CD. If the If the Account or Double-click the OS X: and follow the on-screen Click instructions. and follow the on-screen Click OS X: instructions. copying, and scanning. On-screen with software when software. or Select Applications/ Click the (or the OS X) to Software/Guide software downloads, the and If from the CD or to the as below. Choose You to existing (wireless or wired) or directly to USB included). below each the to instructed to Wireless You the software from which to the first installation, temporary USB to wireless the connected to the prompted to the If using OS or USB to the the to wireless know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). Wired Ethernet Ethernet included). You the software every from which to software If CD the software from the technical to NOT CONNECTED the If New and the USB You cant software that technical (U.S.) or where or To with U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products If below: Network the right (SSID). If firewall Unblock or Allow to If security (WEP or WPA correctly. If ABC or lowercase them correctly. Function buttons Press or the to or function the Then OK the function to AB12 lowercase or to characters finished, and OK You the troubleshooting information. to with USB securely as shown: and with than photo the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from Authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. high the below to Its as easy as Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Light wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect and and of Corporation. and and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-34185 Printed XXXXXX