these instructions using Unpack French (included only) ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective from the including from the the and the the as shown. the Turn and the to the back of the and to to Press the On then the Select Select and country. Touch the to the option. Press or to countries. Select the Daylight or the the to the then OK Select the or the to the Press OK when You the and using the information, the the Unpack the the yellow from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the while the which about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or this LCD selection with the instructions the following sections to and software. The trays. The A4, or 10-inch The photo or 7-inch instructions the the front cover already). the the of the Then back the photo and the and them Then with the or facedown. the the too tight. the the the the the and them Then 6-inch or 7-inch photo with the or facedown. the fits the the the the as the and the the using
Press the then the On Select Select and country. Touch the to the option. Press or to countries. Select the Daylight or Select the French (included only) the to the then OK or Select the the to the when OK Press You the and the information, the the Unpack the only the yellow from each Dont other or the these instructions using Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective from the including from the the and the the as shown. the Turn and the to the back of the and to to the the each Press each clicks. the while the which about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or this LCD selection with the instructions the following sections to and software. The trays. The A4, or 10-inch The photo or 7-inch instructions the the front cover already). the the of the Then back the and the and them Then with the or facedown. the the too tight. the the the the the and them Then 6-inch or 7-inch with the or facedown. the fits the the the the as the and the the
the To to and to the LINE the back of To or the EXT the If connecting to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software installation. the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the CD. If the If the Account or OS X: Double-click the Click or OS X) and follow the instructions the Select the options section this information. Then Next or OS X) and follow the instructions options Wireless You the software every from which to the first temporary USB to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the If using OS or or USB to the the to wireless Follow the instructions software they to the wirelessly this know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). Wired Ethernet included). You the software from which to If below: Network the right (SSID). If firewall Unblock or Allow to If security (WEP or WPA correctly. If ABC or lowercase them correctly. Press the buttons to ABC lowercase or and Press each repeatedly the character Press or to the Press to character. Press to Press OK when finished You the troubleshooting information. to connecting with USB securely as shown: copying, faxing, and scanning. with software Select or when using software. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as below. technical (U.S.) or where or To with U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software technical ABBYY offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and with than photo the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from Authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. high Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Light wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect and and of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-34217R1 Printed XXXXXX the below to Its as easy as
options You the software from which to the first installation, temporary USB to wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or or USB to the the to wireless Follow the instructions software they to the wirelessly this know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). Wired included). Ethernet You the software from which to If below: Network the right network (SSID). Unblock If firewall to Allow or If security (WEP or WPA or lowercase ABC correctly. If them correctly. Press the buttons to ABC and or lowercase Press each repeatedly the character Press or to the Press to character. Press to when finished OK Press You the troubleshooting information. the To phone to and the back of To LINE to the EXT telephone or the the If connecting to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the necessary software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software installation. the to NOT CONNECTED If New and the USB You cant software that the CD. If the If the Account or Double-click the X: OS OS X) and or Click follow the instructions the Select the section this or Next information. Then OS X) and follow the instructions to with USB securely connected as shown: copying, faxing, and scanning. On-screen with software Select or when using software. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as below. technical (U.S.) or where or To with U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software technical ABBYY Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and with than the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from Authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. high the below to Its as easy as Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Light wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect and and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-34217R1 Printed XXXXXX