Unpack (Included only) If anything as the back. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. only: the from the and the right of the protective from the including from the the and the the as shown. the Turn and the to Press the On then the To the the Unlock To the Unlock to the Select and country. Touch the to the option. Press or to the Daylight Daylight and currently (DST effective from through to off the Press OK Select the the to the then OK the the to the Press OK when You the and the selecting selecting then information and the the Unpack the the yellow from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the while charges. Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while the or The trays. The or 10-inch The or 7-inch photo the Then back the photo and the and them Then with the or face-down. the the the the and them Then 6-inch or 7-inch photo with the or face-down. the fits the the the the as the and the
Unpack (Included only) If as the back. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the from the and only: the right of the protective from the including from the the and the lock. the as shown. the Turn and the to Press the On then the To the the Unlock To the Unlock to the Select and country. Touch the to the option. Press or to countries. the Daylight Daylight and currently (DST effective from through to turn off the Press OK Select the the to the then OK Select the the to the Press OK when You the and the button, selecting selecting then information and the the Unpack the the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the while Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while the or The trays. The or 10-inch The or 7-inch the Then back the and the and them Then with the or face-down. the the the the and them Then 6-inch or 7-inch with the or face-down. the fits the the the the as the and the
Press the then the On To the the Unlock To to Unlock the the Select and country. Touch the to the option. Press or to countries. the Daylight Daylight and currently (DST effective from to off the through OK Press Select the OK the to the then Select the the to the when OK Press You the and the information then selecting selecting using and the Unpack (Included only) If as the back. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. French the from the and only: the right of the protective from the including from the the and the the as shown. the Turn and the to the Unpack the only the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the while charges. Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while the or The trays. The or 10-inch The photo or 7-inch the Then back the and the and them Then with the or face-down. the the the the and them Then 6-inch or 7-inch photo with the or face-down. the fits the the the the as the and the
the Unpack the the yellow from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the while charges. Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while the or The trays. The or 10-inch The or 7-inch the Then back the and Press the then the On To the the button. Unlock To to Unlock the the Select and country. Touch the to the option. Press or to countries. the Daylight Daylight and currently (DST effective from to off the through OK Press Select the OK the to the then Select the the to the when OK Press You the and the information then selecting selecting and the Unpack (Included only) If anything as the back. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the from the and only: it the right of the protective from the including from the the and the the as shown. the Turn and the to the and them Then with the or face-down. the the the the and them Then 6-inch or 7-inch with the or face-down. the fits the the the the as the and the
the phone To the faxing, the included from telephone to the LINE the To telephone or the instructions. If to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the Choose Network (wireless or wired) Network You cant software as below OR USB USB included). Then follow the below. USB Follow these to the directly to USB included). the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the software CD. With the the Account Click and follow the on-screen instructions. this USB and then Next prompted, USB USB If securely connected the USB and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software, header, and to to these warranty and toll-free the CD. ready to or Information instructions. the NOT CONNECTED to the software CD. Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. this USB and then Next prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned OS users: to Other users: with this Follow the the right of the to the Click Next necessary. Follow the instructions to the of the software and to to these 2-year warranty and toll-free the CD. ready to or Information instructions scanning, copying, faxing, and the Information Click the shortcut easy to the how-to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and You to the Information If cant the shortcut, the Information Network and Instructions the and other information about wireless to: epson.com/support/wireless with software Select or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to customer, with toll-free telephone and PIN ID to Telephone PIN ID: You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software Technical ArcSoft Creations NewSoft www.arcsoft.com/support www.newsoftinc.com and with the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. high Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Light warranty to purchasers; toll-free and warranty within of purchase. California and to this warranty rights. and service of Corporation. and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-27513 the to the right and with when purchasing Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX than the below to Its as easy as Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Light
the phone To the faxing, the included from the To LINE to the instructions. telephone or the If to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the Choose Network (wireless or wired) Network You cant software as below OR USB included). Then follow the below. USB Follow these to the directly to using USB included). the to NOT CONNECTED If New and the USB You cant software that the software CD. the With the Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click this USB and then Next prompted, USB USB If securely connected the USB and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software, header, and to to these 2-year warranty and 2-year toll-free the CD. USB ready to or Information instructions. the NOT CONNECTED to the software CD. Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. this USB and then Next prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned OS users: to Other users: with this Follow the the right of the to the Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and to to these warranty and toll-free the CD. to or Information instructions scanning, copying, faxing, and using the Information Click the shortcut easy to the how-to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and You to the Information If cant the shortcut, the Information Network and Instructions the and other information about wireless epson.com/support/wireless On-screen with software Select or when using software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative with toll-free telephone and PIN ID to Telephone PIN ID: You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software Technical ArcSoft Creations NewSoft www.arcsoft.com/support www.newsoftinc.com and with the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. high the below to Its as easy as Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Light 1-year warranty to purchasers; toll-free and warranty within of purchase. California and to this warranty rights. and service of Corporation. and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27513 the to the right and with when purchasing Black Light Printed XXXXXX Light Printed XXXXXX than Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity
USB this Next and then prompted, USB USB If securely the USB and the Follow the instructions to the of the software, header, and to to these warranty and toll-free the CD. ready to or instructions. Information to NOT CONNECTED the the software CD. Double-click the and follow the on-screen instructions. Click USB this Next and then the To the faxing, the included from the To LINE to the instructions. telephone or the If to DSL DSL or to DSL the Choose Network (wireless or wired) Network You cant software as below OR USB USB included). Then follow the below. USB Follow these to the directly to USB included). the to NOT CONNECTED If New and the USB You cant software that the software CD. the With the Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click prompted, USB USB the securely and turned OS users: to Other users: with this Follow the the right of the to the Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and to to these warranty and toll-free the CD. ready to or Information instructions scanning, copying, faxing, and the Information Click the shortcut easy to the how-to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and You to the Information If cant the shortcut, the Information Network and Instructions the and other information about wireless to: epson.com/support/wireless On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to with toll-free telephone and PIN ID to Telephone PIN ID: You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software Technical ArcSoft Creations NewSoft www.arcsoft.com/support www.newsoftinc.com and with than the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. high the below to Its as easy as Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Light 1-year warranty to purchasers; 2-year toll-free and warranty within of purchase. California and to this warranty rights. and service of Corporation. and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27513 the to the right and with when purchasing Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Printed XXXXXX Light Printed XXXXXX
prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned OS users: to Other users: with Follow the the right this of the to the necessary. Next Click Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and to to these 2-year warranty and 2-year toll-free the CD. ready to or Information instructions scanning, faxing, and the Information Click the shortcut easy to the how-to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and You to the If cant the Information Information shortcut, the and Network Instructions the and other information about epson.com/support/wireless wireless to: On-screen with software when software. or Select Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to customer, with toll-free telephone and PIN ID to Telephone PIN ID: You with (U.S.) or through PM to AM and hours of to without or charges apply. USB this Next and then prompted, USB USB If securely connected the USB and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software, header, and to to these 2-year warranty and toll-free the CD. or ready to instructions. Information to NOT CONNECTED the the software CD. Double-click the and follow the instructions. Click USB this Next and then the phone To the faxing, the included phone from the To LINE to the telephone or the instructions. If to DSL DSL or to DSL the Choose Network (wireless or wired) Network You cant software as below OR USB USB included). Then follow the below. USB Follow these to the directly to USB included). the to NOT CONNECTED If New and the USB You cant software that the software CD. the With the Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click Software Technical ArcSoft Creations NewSoft www.arcsoft.com/support www.newsoftinc.com and with than photo the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. high the below to Its as easy as Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Light warranty to purchasers; toll-free and warranty within of purchase. California and to this warranty rights. and service of Corporation. and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-27513 the to the right and with when purchasing Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Printed XXXXXX Light Printed XXXXXX