Microsoft NT and Apple
written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. Copyright Notice SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. MNCOSCN0699-R1 Copyright Inc., California, USA EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective of
input the the the closely match the software the reports of the and To input first the industry-standard IT8 that with and as TIFF Then to the TIFF with reference input that those as Introduction with Photoshop as that MatchPrint. instructions Then these sections instructions creating input and the Loading the Separation Table with
the following PC with or higher Apple or operating VGA or higher with Microsoft or NT 20MB RAM If using technical as follows: with World 20MB RAM Where to Telephone
with these with Selecting and Reference the Scanning the IT8 ready to follow the instructions and the
and the EPSON TWAIN or the the IT8 reflective that with LaserSoft Photoshop. Scanning the IT8 the IT8 to or scratched, becomes torn, If IT8 to You the following the instructions If to try the IT8 You already that and software information that and the or necessary. purchasing the
the IT8 facedown the with its with the of the and software EPSON TWAIN or LaserSoft as its turned and its and lint-free. the or option (Macintosh) to off the and the EPSON TWAIN the the to off the features. Click the (EPSON TWAIN or (LaserSoft to the off the the software. If creating the with EPSON TWAIN TWAIN to the If LaserSoft to creating the EPSON TWAIN around the of the IT8 the the the IT8 Click the Scan (or Scan RGB to the
the On the the easily when to with the of the instructions the as TIFF follow the Selecting and Reference to
to and You the Selecting and Reference
On Macintosh, the the You the You the with the TIFF and the TIFF created and the Select the Select reference arrow and Click the Select arrow and
Click You the with the R1199704.Q60 the Select reference IT8 References or On Select the or the based the R1199704.Q60 or and that appear the the the the 2.6\IT8 References Follow the the section operating to follow the the and NT Instructions the Instructions
the the Select You this and NT Instructions this to around the to Click the and and to the right to the white To the to the of the the corner.
release the the the corner. the To the the the right of the the the corner, the right to with the the the location as the the with the the appear such as the The the to to the the of the of the
should and the the the first the as the first the first the corner. the another such as the This the the right of the white the and the The within the and of the to succeed. If they informs the their of their the right should and the first the corner. the the the the as the another such as the the the the of the white the right/left to to the right and the the correctly, the right to it with to the right the the of the white and the the as the the corner. the right corner, and the the right and the the corner. the they match the first the the the first the as the first the correctly, the right to with
to with The the correctly, the right something this: If to the coordinates, to the of the that to Then right the the to the to correct, the with Completed shown the Select If the where them, OK If the Click OK and the as necessary. If the within of and the to
the the and Profile You this Instructions with this the Click the this the the to to around the the of the the to Click and the the to the right corner, including the the
If the where then through Once the where the The to this: the to Click the If the where the the once to the as Each white should relatively of the of the including the the
If the centered, You the and the to the and the button. Then through to If white the
and the the Once ready to the and the reference that with the and then the of the appears the and the Completed the the to the right. and the
On the already displays to the Crop and Profile Scanning the IT8 and follow the If the than and If the or when the as the the The displayed computed and and the the reference Profile instructions the
Follow the the section operating to and NT Instructions Profile Instructions Select the and type C:\WINDOWS\SYSTEM\COLOR .ICM Then automatically. instructions. At the the You the and NT Instructions At the the Profile You the ColorSync selected) and type ICC such as 836XL 06/99R the Folder\Preferences\ColorSync Profiles (or Folder\ColorSync Profiles already Then Instructions instructions. Select from the to
Loading the Table You the as Photoshop that MatchPrint The the appearance of the GCR Photoshop and follow the the section to the as Photoshop From the of the following, of Photoshop: Photoshop or only) Photoshop Preferences Photoshop Click You the with the the To CMYK and From CMYK On the MatchPrint GCR the the MatchPrint the the Select Select
CMYK the as appear MatchPrint with of GCR. From the Photoshop only) Click OK On the MatchPrint GCR the the MatchPrint the the Select the button. Select CMYK Select CMYK the as appear MatchPrint with of GCR. You the CMYK with the the To CMYK On and From CMYK Click OK