USERS GUIDE
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with these of this information as to other UltraChrome K3, and MicroWeave SpectroProofer and of Corporation. UltraSmooth PhotoEnhance, AccuPhoto, and and service of America, Inc. Notice Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Notices Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Inc. CPD-28262
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003
Introduction This information and the and It to to its and troubleshooting information, the following: The Reference summary of procedures and and other cleaning and the head, and the to easy reference. The Network instructions and using Notes, and Please follow these as this WARNINGS to injury. to to Notes information about hints to the of
Introduction the and options that currently and offers these optional and Optional Option only); C12C815321 instructions using this option SpectroProofer 44-inch only) SPECTRO44 SpectroProofer 24-inch only) SPECTRO24 SpectroProofer 44-inch UV only) SPECTRO44UV SpectroProofer 24-inch UV only) SPECTRO24UV One-year service EPP7898B1 Two-year service EPP7898B2 SpectroProofer service EPPSPB1 these items: and user-replaceable C12C890191 C12C815331 C12C811241 44-inch Core only) C815121 You purchase optional and and from Professional Authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
If with the SM toll-free or Unit ID improperly shielded than the to malfunction. USB to the Where To technical and information the installation, and of professional products through the Warranty AM to PM through and hours of to without Unit ID which included with the Warranty information that with and of purchase. U.S. (www.epson.com/support) or (www.epson.ca/support) and to You firmware, and and troubleshooting or with To stand-alone or should these OS or higher G5, or higher At least 2GB of RAM (4GB or recommended) At least 32GB of free software and or CD-ROM or DVD the software USB USB and shielded USB AB from to to Ethernet-equipped and Introduction
Introduction To stand-alone or should these IBM PC with or higher recommended Microsoft XP Professional Edition, XP Professional Edition, or XP At least 2GB of RAM (4GB or recommended) At least 32GB of free software and CD-ROM or DVD the software USB Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB from to to Ethernet Ethernet PC and
Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively. The about and the about without the or four people the the enough around You the of heavy or the The properly or to and humidity. the from sunlight, light, or heat to and the from areas. from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the near outlet where the easily the type of indicated the the to properly grounded outlet the as or that switches and off. switches or timers. only the that with the of another fire or shock. The with the only. with other fire or shock. or cord. Introduction
Introduction the off the this POWER OFF appears the LCD and the light flashes. the or off the to the the off and the light This that the head capped. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the rating of the the or cover the the the the head instructed to service technician; otherwise the through the to the to service the yourself. the from the the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. the the head the right (home) California customers only: The lithium this apply, www.dtsc.ca.gov/hazardouswaste/perchlorate.
too force when that previously Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the cool, If off with and If them immediately with them the the the within months of or to them. This the head. from allow to least three hours The IC the of information, which allows to and freely. each the the If the supply from and and the as this that there the supply covers or to from items that the touches. the supply its surrounding or the IC the of the Doing and Introduction
Introduction These the the the the otherwise noted. cover Interface optional USB interface AC includes each of Casters Network interface
light light and button light and LCD light Black LCD arrow or Proofer Black Introduction release light and OK counter
Introduction
Chapter the WARNING: people to and the choosing the easy and locations to sunlight, heat, or locations of interference, such as TVs, or This chapter includes the following information: Unpacking and assembling the and Connecting the Connecting to and the software or the firmware the Unpacking and Assembling the Follow these to and its to and the least inches to these inches the inches the
the assembly, of approximately: the and the and and Assembling the the and from the Then the containing the and Unpack the and these items. wrench screws with washers
to the section. the the as shown. (The and R. the with as shown. the wrench to the the
the the the right and with as shown. the casters.
the and to the WARNING: or people to the Unpacking the and Mounting It the the items shown below: the and other from around the four people the the and software CD
the Mount the the as shown, the with the the of the the to the with the wing screws and washers.
Attaching the The cloth that attaches to the and catches as they If the instructions attaching the the shown below: Cloth the as shown, each of the the Black and round
the the to the the round and the cloth as shown.
the the as shown. the the each of the the
the the both of the the the each of the
the back the as shown. the around the the back of the the
the the the the free of the the the of the
the the of the as shown. the to the of the as shown: to Completing and Connecting the Cord the
the the The cloth that to the and catches as they If the instructions attaching the the shown below. Cloth of the to the front of the as shown, each Black Round
the to the the other to the back of the the
the the to the as shown. the round and the cloth as shown:
the the as shown. the the each of the the
the the both of the the the each of the
the back the as shown. the to the the back of the the
the the back of the and the to the the back of the the the
the free of the the the of the the the as shown. the
the the to the of the as shown: with the section to the and the cord. Completing and Connecting the Cord the to the or right of the the the Unlock the casters. Then the to the of (The casters the the casters
and these areas: the front cover the covers the the cover and the and the
the the to the AC the back of the The the following sections the the instructions the the the front and the and the to the the front cover.
outlet that or switch. off the and the to the or right of the back and the to the of the as shown. right the the the cords to the the properly grounded the
the the that with the process, of the each to used. The shipped with to charge the of as as Press the to the INSTALL INK CARTRIDGE appears the LCD and the covers slightly. both covers.
the from their then each about seconds. the location of the to each Right Cartridge Cartridge (C) (VM) (Y) Light Black (LK) Light (LC) Light Light Black (LLK) Black (MK) Light (VLM) Black (PK) the the each with the arrow the then its clicks each the the the
the Charging about off the the or the front cover or covers while the light flashing, or the the covers. The charging the and the light flashes. charging completed, to READY appear the instructions. Connecting to You USB and/or Ethernet USB the and shielded or To to RJ-45 CAT-5 To directly to interface, RJ-45 CAT-5 that both the and the turned off.
USB Network You of the www.epson.com/support. If the that the of the the To the to the Then software. the interface the the the other of the the or switch or the Software Follow the below to the software Macintosh. that and turned and that the or connected to the the software CD-ROM CD or DVD Double-click the Click the (or the
the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software (including the and EPSON LFP Remote and Click the to to the Network and Professional If to the Ethernet to the (located the Applications). the and the CD the prompted. the Software Follow these to the software turned off. Turn the software CD CD or DVD If the appears, If the Account or
Click Click the the
the With XP, New this Next and Next USB when the firmware the and to the the the connected; the the created the and OK If the FILE the with then the software CD-ROM. If to the Network to the section to the firmware, necessary. To and functionality to should of firmware the and necessary. Checking the Press the Press the PRINTER STATUS highlighted, then Press and the displayed. the
Dont off the while the the software, to and If the satisfactory, If to the head, as information the LFP Remote to the on-screen Downloading and the Click the EPSON LFP Remote You the LFP Remote Select then the the OK to the EPSON LFP Remote and the from the If to the firmware manually, U.S. (www.epson.com/support) or (www.epson.ca/support), then Downloads Choose the firmware or and follow the instructions the turned its LCD displays READY and connected to or then choose Click and the that downloaded and extracted. the and Choose or If the firmware of the to the firmware process. (If the to the the and LFP Remote If connected to follow the instructions the section to the the
the the Network Once the to follow these to Turn the The searches the and displays the MAC and IP each that Highlight the that to and to the TCP/IP selection If necessary, instructions assigning IP information the the on-screen Network
Chapter and Other The and of including and to inches the or inches the You heavy such as to thick. This chapter includes the following information: Selecting the the Selecting offers of coated, and art as as other The following shows the Supported sheets to to to to inches to to to to inches to to to Thickness to
and Other of the purchasing or If or other to and instructions. One of the professional selecting that specifically offers of professional of professional from sheets to wide-format the Professional www.proimaging.epson.com or Professional Authorized about Follow these as as those included when and other touching the with the or to or scratch the choose the software OS X) or instructions. the or both the software and the OS X), or or instructions selecting the software. its and cool, to quality. where they to high humidity, or sunlight.
You with or 3-inch and of to inches the or inches the Manually switching process. to follow the as as these its the and To feeding the appear the LCD Press the Source the or appears. Choose the to each printed. Choose to of and them together or the only). If heavy to increase the suction the lightweight the suction the the when Selecting the Whenever type of to the type the Press Press or to PAPER SETUP then Select PAPER TYPE then Select the that as then the OK to the and Other
and Other Press to the If appear the the instructions included with the or the (www.proimaging.epson.com). If the the You to with to which the this Select this Cover Cover Exhibition Exhibition Proofing Proofing Proofing Proofing SWOP Proofing SWOP Proofing White White Publication Publication Proofing
this Select this Cold Press Bright Cold Press Bright Cold Press Cold Press Press Bright Press Bright Press Press White White Textured Textured UltraSmooth UltraSmooth Enhanced Enhanced Others Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced Enhanced Tracing Tracing Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced Synthetic and Other
and Other You to switch the of the from to instructions. Tracking and the the tracking This the of the that the type, length, and the the turned or the the and the amount of displayed the LCD You when the nearly The when the release PAPER OUT appears the Then follow these to the tracking Press Press or to PAPER SETUP then Press to ROLL PAPER REMAINING Press to REMAINING PAPER SETUP Press ON and OK Press to back to REMAINING PPR SETUP Press to ROLL PAPER LENGTH Press then the of the the from to to then OK Press then to ROLL LENGTH ALERT Press then the which to from to to then OK Press to the
the the the cover. the firmly, then the to the and Other
and Other the top of the If necessary, the to the of the 2-inch 3-inch
Release the both the the both of the Then the and Other
and Other the to the right touches the the to the with the the
the the to the right to the both of the the and Other
and Other the to the If the light the Loading the the the and
the front cover to the front cover while or might affected. If the to the suction the the suction to the loaded. the cover. Press the Press the to the or the to automatically. If the about the correct, or then the Press OK If the of the or the to the To or creasing the from the and when and Other
and Other The built-in might to of Cutting Manually with the the On manually finished. You the to of the Source the the LCD Press and release the the selection appears, CUT then OK The If the the built-in the to feed the to the Then manually. You the right of On) or the right and Press Press to the Press to PAGE LINE then Press or to ON Press OK to the appears to ON Press to the You specify from software. instructions, OS X) or
from the the cover. Press the to release the If tracking the and information printed. If the the rewound automatically. and Other
and Other If the to the manually. the to release Then the the to the and from the
the that top of the the then the from the the and its and Other
and Other heavy to increase the suction the This the and lightweight the suction the Sheet You of sheet and other The sheets from to inches the or inches the You the when sheets; from the and the its thickness: the section below. thicker than Loading the first). You without the This scratching and and easy. the turned and the cover closed. Press the Source the appears the LCD
the sheet the the right of the straight and with the the cover. Press The automatically. If the about the correct, or then the Press OK finished, the the To the while holding the and Other
and Other You to increase the suction the This the and Loading the first). The only that than thick and inches which should only). the turned and the closed. Press the Source the Sheet appears the LCD Press the the the the right and top of the straight and with the and the
If head You try the PLATEN GAP to WIDE If that the to WIDER or WIDEST To the the NARROW when thick Press the Press the to the or the to automatically. If the about the correct, or then the Press OK it finished, the sheet the To the while the the Thick or Thin thick or thin to the STANDARD the satisfactory when using thin or thick to this Press Press to the and highlight PLATEN GAP Press STANDARD selected as the the or to choose NARROW WIDE WIDER or WIDEST Press OK to the appears to the selected Press to the and Other
and Other If selected the following appear the of the to of the or switch to the back to STANDARD. If and the to to information. the The to and catches as they The from or scratched. You to catch the the or front of the Catching Printouts of the Follow the below to the front of the this than thick or that inches or the or inches or the If the they front of the as shown the Narrow
the the back of the the the the front of the and Then the the front of the that the Then the that smoothly the cloth. and Other
and Other To allow to the Catching Printouts the Follow these to catch the the and the front of the the then the front of the the the front of the with the
than inches (A1) If the the the based inches (A1) or and Other
and Other the If the of the the the back of the the then the and the front of the the
You the LFP Remote from the software CD. the choose type software, the the to the or the the below. You or of each type to types) and the whenever Creating To type, the to the Then follow these Press then or to PAPER SETUP Press then to CUSTOM PAPER Press then or to to Press to the Press or to PAPER TYPE then Press or to type, then Press OK to Press to back to the Press or to PLATEN GAP then Press the to NARROW, STANDARD, WIDE, or WIDER The STANDARD recommended types. Press OK to the then to back to the Press or to THICKNESS PATTERN, then Press OK to the thickness to the following printed: and Other
and Other the the Choose the with the the shown the the the THICKNESS NUMBER highlighted. Press or to the that noted then OK Press then to of the options shown below. as and OK to each Then to to the You using the software. instructions, OS X) or PAPER FEED ADJUST Choose white or higher DRYING TIME with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the PAPER SUCTION the suction when thin such as or backlight SET ROLL PAPER TENSION the to HIGH or HIGHER cloth or thin or the REMOVE SKEW reduce thin or the TEST PRINT to of showing the each
You showing the This easy to the type of Press then to highlight TEST PRINT. Press Press to CUSTOM PAPER, then Press OK to Selecting Once created whenever that Press then or to PAPER SETUP Press then to PAPER TYPE then Press to CUSTOM PAPER then Press or to the to Press OK The selected the LCD with Press to the The selected the LCD and Other
and Other
Chapter With OS the and that become or with and that and the and white photography the offers Advanced Black and White ICC ColorSync included, Photoshop or other or the color-managed using Photoshop and the and from instructions. You the and software, or them created to located the operating the the to the right the and from the CD-ROM. instructions and the If the to correctly. This chapter includes the following information OS X: Choosing and Choosing basic options Choosing options Choosing Choosing options of Choosing and white Creating and
With OS the to when with or option, or as below. the and right to the and the inch to with the option the with this to the of the If with the option, should slightly than the of the and the option. the below (with Expand) inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches* inches inches inches inches* inches inches inches (with Custom (with
the options. to the If theyre turned off Choosing and You choose from options sheets or You the of and the creating to the of the following than Margins the top and of the sheets. only. Once selected options, to The offers that and when You choose and the to and Click the arrow to the necessary. With OS Click to the
With OS If information about the If the the it to the and selecting Choose from the Click the If choose the of the and of the options below. Then with If that to the of instructions. Select
to options, as The following the choose: The with than the top and Expand) sheets and to to the of the (without the specify You to slightly than the to without Expand) without and to to the of the This selection recommended with of information. the specify You to slightly than the to without information. With OS Select the then choose the
With OS If the or the them to them the and selecting of without them, with of without them. If choose Custom from the (If to Click to Click the Untitled and then its and and OK Select from the Choose the and
Select from the You this If created the or option the Select the that to the the information. the of the following: AccuPhoto HDR type of photographic If the and Advanced B&W and white this types. information. that this option, and white with the With OS Select
With OS The Quality the selected. Choose or SuperPhoto the Black or other non-photographic the option as follows: Select to the Choose this when color-managed ICC Photoshop or another software instructions. Select then choose of the shown the the Graphics and the and highlights of this graphics. EPSON increases the this photographs. RGB matches to the RGB this RGB. Choose of the following Quality SuperPhoto Choose of the following advanced of MicroWeave types). High fast, bidirectional higher this option. of
vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs and recommended with the instructions the section to If the Photoshop or another to off the Choosing Follow these instructions to the Select from the You this Select of the following EPSON to that selects the of and graphics. ColorSync to ColorSync-compatible only). the to This allows the software to the With OS
With OS You to the created to and that matches the selected. applying rather than the Choosing Advanced Follow these instructions using and to its performance. Select Advanced from the You this Select the to match ICC These the the
Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the reduce Choose white or higher Thickness reduce and when thick or thin Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD the thicknesses. Tension the when the when selected. With OS
With OS These through the Choosing If choose of the options as the as to these and feeding options. Select from the You this Normal Choose of the following Normal allows the top and of each the the and each individually. This the allows to and With of the previous or You white
Choose this to the manually, the optional or without instructions the to the Select the following options, shorter than the of the The rotated and crosswise. this option checked, to the of from the the right and of feeding the of the of only when selected with the option). With OS
With OS To the amount of when with the option, from the You this the to increase or the amount of The shown the with the the to the amount of You white around the to the This increase the amount of
If from Photoshop, Photoshops when using Advanced Black and White There associated with this and If Advanced Black and White type, to information. Choosing Advanced Black and White Advanced Black and White allows to easily and toned black-and-white using This offers and white with advanced Whether or this and to black-and-white This when types. Select from the the the the instructions.) Choose Advanced B&W as the With OS
With OS High the Click Advanced You this Choose the that photo. allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool and that the the found the tone allows to easily the tonal of and white While the choose Brightness the and of the the light and of
If the each the through them from top to through them repeatedly, or With OS Tonality and Highlight Tonality allow to tonality the or highlight of the or of the the lower. Highlight to reduce to the highlights of The tone the of and white Click of the wheel or to the tone to The to the of the wheel, the The the tone based that this shows the and It of feedback as Creating Custom Preset and Once the This when the Select Summary from the
With OS and the without or that correct, from the and OK ready to the Whenever to with from the
If the the the selecting JOB CANCEL and the OK With OS Print, the of Follow these Click the the If necessary, (and You this: From the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to finished, the then
With OS Selecting the Correct The following the to the If listed, the instructions included with the or the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca If the the You to with to which the this Select this Cover Exhibition Exhibition Proofing Proofing SWOP Proofing SWOP Proofing White White
With OS this Select this Publication Publication Cold Press Bright Cold Press Bright Cold Press Cold Press Press Bright Press Bright Press Press White White Textured Textured UltraSmooth UltraSmooth Enhanced Enhanced Archival Archival Others Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced Enhanced Tracing Tracing Enhanced Synthetic Synthetic
With OS
Chapter With the and that become or with and that and the and white photography the offers Advanced Black and White ICC included, the features Photoshop or other or the color-managed Photoshop and the and from instructions. You own the and software, or them created to located the operating the the to the right to basic the and from the CD-ROM. instructions. If the to correctly. This chapter includes the following information: Choosing options Choosing options Choosing Choosing Choosing options Choosing advanced and white photo Choosing options exporting, and of
With or or as the and right to the and the inch to the with to the of the If to slightly than the the below inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches* inches inches* inches inches (with Expand) (with
If information about the Choosing The offers that and when You choose and Follow these to the to and You the selected, then the or Preferences (If or button, instead. Then or Preferences You the following: With This shows the cant them from
With If the selected The Quality the selected. Choose or SuperPhoto quality. Select that to the the information. If color-managed choose type and that match the ICC If type or them clicking the Custom button. information about If the type the the of the following: type of photographic Advanced B&W and white types. information. that this option, and white the Black or other non-photographic the Quality choose Quality or Quality choose Quality to the following:
the Speed/Quality to the Select from the following options and OK High fast, bidirectional Edge Smoothing to the of low-resolution vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs and recommended the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the You choose of these the Charts and and the and highlights of this graphics. EPSON increases the this photographs. RGB matches to the RGB this RGB. Click Custom then follow the instructions to options Selecting the Correct The the the to the If listed, the instructions included with the or the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca If using the the You to with to which the With
With this Select this Exhibition Exhibition Proofing Proofing SWOP SWOP Proofing Proofing White White Proofing Publication Publication Proofing Cold Press Bright Cold Press Bright Cold Press Cold Press Press Bright Press Bright Press Press
this Select this White White Textured Textured UltraSmooth UltraSmooth Enhanced Enhanced Archival Others Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced Enhanced Tracing Tracing Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced Synthetic With
With If off the as Choosing The offers the including turning the off. If Photoshop or another to the and off the as instructions Photoshop to the or Preferences the selected. the Custom Choose of the following PhotoEnhance or ICM the Advanced the the Choose this when Photoshop or other software. instructions.
brightness, and CMY or choose from three You choose from and or to PhotoEnhance allows to and choose from Correction With
With the to the ICM based the ICC the Matching You choose the input and other as shown below. applying rather than the instructions. Click OK to Choosing Follow the this section to and and (If sheets, On the or Preferences the selected. the Source or The allows to of without them. This option with applications, and mostly
Creating the of feeding the of the of only selected as the Source the the of or To the of creating recommended. Select You this then the of inch (or and Then OK If to reduce or the information. If to without If to that than information about With
With Click the to option. Choose or then OK to to the of the You the to the the You to slightly than the to without information. The shown the with the the to the amount of You white around the to the This increase the amount of Click the Option button. You this
These through the Choose of the following Normal allows the top and of each Normal the and each individually. This the allows to and With of the or You white cutting. Choose this to the manually, the optional or without instructions operating the manually. Select these options, necessary: than the width of the The rotated and crosswise. to and the of the right and of finished, OK Choosing Follow the this section to and (If On the or Preferences the selected. With
With the Source the the of the the If the of listed, Select You this
then the of inch (or and Then OK If to the Printable then If to to the of the If to that to the and right of the the top and of the instructions). Click the and choose or to to the of the You the to the amount of the specify You to slightly than the to without If to reduce or the the section information. With
With when to Choosing You Follow these to reduce or On the or Preferences the You this Select the and Click Reduce/Enlarge to the You to or to or Custom and If the of selected. The increase the to and the to within the the of and the reduced the
If from Photoshop, Photoshops when Advanced Black and White There associated with this and technology. If Advanced Black and White type, to information. Click to the background of the Click the to the Click to the and other information about the top or of the Click the to and OK Choosing Advanced Black and White Advanced Black and White allows to easily and toned black-and-white using This offers and white with advanced Whether photo or this and to black-and-white This when types. On the or Preferences the selected. Select that to the instructions.) the choose Advanced B&W the Custom then Advanced With
With You this You the following advanced and white photo allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool and that the the found the tone allows to easily the tonal of and white While the choose Brightness the and of the the light and of Tonality and Highlight Tonality allow to tonality the or highlight of the or of the the lower.
Highlight to reduce to the highlights of or the The tone the of and white Click of the wheel or to the tone to The to the of the the The the tone based that this shows the and It of feedback as selecting OK Choosing If using and to its performance, and as the Then, whenever that the the of and You the to Click the the You this With
With You to the created to and Select the to match ICC These the the when off software). Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the reduce Choose white or higher Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD Thickness reduce and when thick or thin the thicknesses. Tension the when the when selected. selecting OK
On the other the through With
With Click the Custom You this: that correct, type the type, and the following: To the to right the them the Select the of the necessary and To the to that the Custom the of the the location, and To from shared with that the Custom the to and to the shown
Exporting, and Custom You of them with the You them as that with others, who them the includes of You them to of the and then them You or items the to the and Exporting Custom Follow the instructions this chapter to the Click the the top of the or You this: that correct, type the group, and With
With the following: To the to right the the Select necessary, and To the to that the the of the the location, and Custom To from with that Select the Click the to and to the To the to right the the Select necessary, and Loading To the associated with the that with the Then the following and and the Highest Quality Proofing ICM Chroma Others Click To group, its the necessary), of the that match and
Editing Click the then Select the item to You the following: and the items to rearrange them or items the Not finished, With
With If the pressing the the selecting JOB CANCEL and the OK with that and or them. The each which appears the when the and You these the and and Preferences the the appears: You the Stop to You and If the to appear, off. the section instructions. Click to appear
If to of the the to You the and to Click the then the and You this Select from the following High of of the using as cache. If to to the High Copy to the right. whether or the when EPSON the software Selecting this option recommended conflicts with other software. off the that appear when the Processed allows the halftone to the This processing, computers, and that the This and and the of With
With RAW using the RAW instead of the EMF the RAW and such as memory or the this or the head while to Coarse allows to the or (such as Photoshop) that the of as allows or graphics to or other based Allow Applications to ICM allows the to the based the ICC the allows the to the Click OK to
Preferences You choose when and to of whether to appear and whether to allow other who the Click the then the Preferences You this Select the options to If to the appear the Shortcut Then the to the shortcut the to the or right-click then Preferences the Select Allow of and to other users Click OK to With
With
With Profiles the specifically and type. with of the and their types, types) or types). to the of software and appears and This the to the and Follow the instructions this chapter to Photoshop CS, CS2, or CS3 to with Photoshop Its to off software when Photoshop or of these sections instructions: OS With Profile below With OS With Profile First Photoshop and assign to then and Photoshop and Profile Photoshop. Select from the Photoshop or
With Profiles The shown You this Select U.S. Prepress or North America Prepress from the to RGB as the Click OK the to If Profile Mismatch the and OK If Profile Assign RGB: RGB and OK appears, the and If they Assign Profile or Assign Profile Then of the following as the RGB such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 the the of choice the
If This reduces the that the within the Select then or with Click or More then Click as necessary, and OK Photoshop Colors or Photoshop Colors Profile or Profile and the such as the or Relative or and the Black With Profiles
With Profiles that or If the apply correction to the If selected the of and Selecting and Click the or and or Select the the of the to to Click to photo.
The shown With Profile Photoshop and assign to then and Photoshop and Profile Photoshop. Select from the You this Select U.S. Prepress or North America from the to RGB as the Click OK the photo to If Profile Mismatch the and OK If Profile Assign RGB: RGB and OK With Profiles
With Profiles appears, the and If they Assign Profile or Assign Profile Then of the following as the Profile RGB (or such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 the the of choice the Select from the and OK Select then or with Click More or More then Photoshop Colors or Photoshop Colors
If This reduces the that the within the that If the apply correction to the If selected the of and Profile or Profile and the such as the or Relative or and the Black Compensation checkbox. Selecting and Click the and or Preferences the selected. Select the the of the to the Custom Then Click OK then to photo. With Profiles
With Profiles
and Transporting the The and to their This chapter the following Checking Checking and cleaning the head the head the and Performing the the Cleaning the Transporting or the to the features this chapter, the the to of information, Checking the the amount of the of and the of and other information. You the section), or the the LCD or
and Transporting the You the and yourself. Other to authorized service technician. You the of from to inches and the instructions. Information The shows of the the count, and the of the the Press Press to TEST PRINT then Press to STATUS SHEET then Press OK to Information Press Press to PRINTER STATUS then of the following: To the To the amount of to INK LEVEL then The of the first displayed. to the of the To the to MAINTENANCE TANK then The each displayed. the the To history, to JOB HISTORY then the the the and The as the To the of to TOTAL PRINTS then Press to the
If shortcut to the right-click and to to the information about the Checking From the The with the of the and the of the Follow the below to the to the of the following to the OS the EPSON Utility4 Applications Select and OK and Click and Sound and Devices and or Right-click the and Preferences Click the XP Click and Double-click and Right-click and Preferences Click the Click the EPSON The software the amount of the and and displays of these OS and Transporting the
and Transporting the On clicking the the or the the If shortcut to the right-click and to to the Checking and Cleaning the Head If shows or should the head to or deflected. If necessary, cleaning to clear the You from the The then the or each and them necessary. the and Head Cleaning Follow these to software to the head and them necessary: the of the following to the OS the EPSON Utility4 Applications and Click and Sound and and or Right-click the and Preferences Click the XP Click and Double-click and Right-click and Preferences Click the
Dont cleaning while thick the You the following: OS Select the and follow the instructions the the printed, least to If the as shown below, the head clean. If or or deflected, as shown below, cleaning as Then another to the clean. If the three cleaning cleaning as and Transporting the
and the Dont cleaning while thick the Checking and Cleaning the Head the You from the and to whether or deflected. Then cleaning necessary. Press Press TEST PRINT selected, then NOZZLE CHECK selected. Press then OK to the the printed, least to If the as shown below, the head clean. If or or deflected, as shown below, cleaning as Then another to the clean. If the three cleaning cleaning as Automatically Checking and Cleaning the Head The the and cleans them necessary. You often this to or this off. You yourself. Press PRINTER SETUP selected. Press Press AUTO NOZZLE CHECK selected, then
Dont cleaning while thick the Select of the following, then OK ON: PERIODICALLY The its and cleaning necessary ON: EVERY JOB The its and cleaning each This amount of (and and recommended OFF The and cleaning Press then PRINT NOZZLE PATTERN and Select ON: EVERY PAGE to the each or ON: EVERY PAGES or OFF These only when Press OK to the Cleaning You of cleaning from the (or from the LFP Remote cleaning, cleaning, and cleaning each of the cleaning only the cleaning to clear the The of recommended only as The to least to cleaning. You to to the cleaning cleaning, the to the head cleaning, as the ready and the light the or flashing. Press and the
and Transporting the You least to the deflected To properly the head, or Press MAINTENANCE selected, then Press CLEANING selected, then Select of the following, then NORMAL CLEANING Press OK to the cleaning CLEAN COLOR PAIRS Press the to clean, then OK to the cleaning POWER CLEANING Press OK to the cleaning cleaning finished and the light flashing, the to that the head clean. effective cleaning, If the or cleaning the off and overnight, then the head the following morning with cleaning If the Head the head the thing to the If appears they or or or to the head. Although the head the software, easy to from the This the thorough the shortest and If already to the head This that the head correctly. Follow these to the head the the turned Then Enhanced Press
You to months. If covering the with Press or HEAD ALIGNMENT selected, then PAPER THICKNESS selected. Press then the type the and OK Press three then to ALIGNMENT Press to AUTO then UNI-D highlighted. This the type of to with. Press then OK to the Each head about The white reads the and the automatically. the front or off the this process. the finished, Select HEAD ALIGNMENT then ALIGNMENT Select BI-D ALL and OK to the process. to head Cartridges should If of the expended, the and then the without of to The to from the LCD The the the LCD to the the The the amount of and Transporting the
and Transporting the that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the within months of the the the ready to To reporting the with the turned off. the light flashing and INK LOW appears the LCD the indicated expended. the light and REPLACE INK CARTRIDGE displayed, the expended. You the You of and the following UltraChrome K3 with Cartridge (C) T642200 T596200 T636200 (Y) T642400 T596400 T636400 Light (LC) T642500 T596500 T636500 Black (MK) T642800 T596800 T636800 Black (PK) T642100 T596100 T636100 Right (VM) T642300 T596300 T636300 Light Black (LK) T642700 T596700 T636700 Light Light Black (LLK) T642900 T596900 T636900 Light T642600 T596600 T636600 (VLM) You purchase and from Professional Authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the turned Then follow these the of the that or expended. Press the If or expended, the cover If the expended, the to and OK the cover the
WARNING: the or If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Then the to The the from the Its to first of them the necessary. the the and from its Gently the about seconds and Transporting the
and Transporting the If cant the smoothly, the the and If the light the and often than necessary. Doing the and allow to the causing the with the arrow the Then the the clicks Dont force the cover. Once the installed, the to its READY
You the PRINTER SETUP to the counter, and other features. information, Switching Black You switch the from Black to Black or the the The Black photographic types. It photographic and jet-coated such as Proofing and The Black photographic or art such as and This significantly increases Generally, should switch to of the Switching from Black to Black and of Switching from Black to Black and approximately of the and Press Press MAINTENANCE highlighted, then Press CLOCK SETTING then the and buttons to each item the and displayed the following MM/DD/YY HH:MM Press OK to the and Transporting the
and Transporting the allows to and procedures that occasionally. You to the following: the or of the the cleaning of the to their Follow these to the off. Press and the then the and the and the LCD displays MAINTENANCE MODE. the and buttons to the below. If to back to the To the the LCD to highlight LANGUAGE then Press the then OK to The and to operation. To the of to highlight LENGTH UNITS then Press to switch from METRIC to FEET/INCH then OK to Press when To the of to highlight TEMPERATURE UNITS then Press to switch from C or to then OK to Press when To the to highlight ROLL PAPER TENSION then Press to the or to increase (from to Press OK to the
If the optional SpectroProofer attached to the following the instructions that with To cleaning to highlight SS CLEANING then to EXECUTE Press OK to the cleaning To to their to highlight DEFAULT PANEL then to EXECUTE. Press OK to the To off the the Press the to the the operating the If that isnt cleanly, the to replaced. You from C12C815331). Removing the the then follow these to the Press Press MAINTENANCE highlighted, then Press CUTTER REPLACEMENT highlighted, then Press OK The to the and Transporting the
and Transporting the To the cover, the and the screw cross-head screwdriver.
WARNING: The when the the of the with regulations. the New the from its then follow these to the the the the and Transporting the
and Transporting the the optional SpectroProofer necessary, following the instructions that with Then turn the and the OK Tighten the screw cross-head screwdriver. the cover, then clicks Press OK to the process. The to the from the the the the together and the with the the the the and OK
the The that flushed from the the and and head cleaning. the the MAINTENANCE TANK NEARLY FULL appears the LCD the completely the and MAINTENANCE TANK FULL appears the LCD You the its the shown below. You its the software or The icon(s) the amount of the The the right and the from C12C890191). The of the On the the right than the To life, switch the when the right reaches to of capacity. Follow these to the If the the LCD screen to which to or right). Turn off the and Transporting the appears the LCD
and the to from the when upright and of the the of the the of the and the Then it the included with the the
to the the To the as as the or thinners to the to the or Dont or Dont the of the with the think the the or absorption the otherwise Cleaning the To its becomes If the inexpensive and to the without Press the clean. Turn off the and the lights off. Then the and the from the front cover and or cloth to or the Clean the shown below the of the arrows. If necessary, the cloth, the of the then with cloth. and Transporting the
and Transporting the If the back, the If toothpick or to the Then or around the assembly
If the with cloth with the closed to from To the the then with and Transporting or the If the the its To the should the and Follow the instructions below to the shipment. If the purchase from information. the Shipment Turn off the and the to the the right) and the light off. Then the the following and interface or other Optional Optional SpectroProofer Mounter the installed. and the
and Transporting the and covers the front and the that from the head Then the cover. the from the the casters locked. the wing and washers the to the the them
WARNING: The heavy. four people the or the the where provided. the located the the holding the while information about the To the should the and If the purchase from information. Moving the the to the such as within the building, the its casters. the turned off and the the the right). If the back the to the then off the the and interface and the cover. the front cover closed. the as and the
and Transporting the Release the front casters. the to its location, then the casters. the Transportation the it to the first that the first the the head cloggedespecially the hasnt turned You to cleaning and the head to quality.
Chapter You the following the this chapter or the www.proimaging.epson.com. Then the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: Checking and lights including clearing with the optional Uninstalling and the The includes of to To the the and lights the through information. If the and utility, software information. To whether the caused the sheet from the instructions. the www.proimaging.epson.com If of the this chapter as Where To
Explanation BORDERLESS ERROR LOAD SUPPORTED PAPER SIZE OR LOAD PAPER CORRECTLY BLACK INK MISMATCH The the and the match. CALL FOR SERVICE occurred. Checking and Lights The includes lights and LCD to the of the light light and light and or appears the LCD and the lights the or flash. The following the alphabetical and includes and instructions correcting the The selected and that loaded. The the correctly. correctly. The that the connected correctly. feed light Black LCD arrow or Press to the the the or the or the to the the the then the off. Then the both and back If the restarting the as release light and OK
Explanation CANNOT OPEN INK COVER Something obstructing the the obstruction and the indicated cover CLEANING ERROR AUTOMATIC HEAD CLEANING FAILED RETRY? YES NO CLEANING ERROR NOT ENOUGH INK OR SPACE IN MAINT TANK. CONTINUE CLEANING? YES (RECOMMENDED) NO COMMAND ERROR CHECK DRIVER SETTINGS CUTTER UNIT NEARING END OF SERVICE LIFE. RECOMMEND REPLACING THE CUTTER UNIT FRONT COVER OPEN CLOSE COVER F/W INSTALL ERROR UPDATE FAILED RESTART THE PRINTER INK CARTRIDGE INK LOW REPLACE INK CARTRIDGE INK CARTRIDGE NON-GENUINE CARTRIDGE! QUALITY OF NON-GENUINE INK MAY VARY. INK CARTRIDGE PLEASE USE GENUINE EPSON INK CARTRIDGES Head cleaning clear the Press to clear the and the head cleaning If cleaning from the Then the off and back Not enough or enough head cleaning. You the to the or the incorrect command. The the the front cover. the then the The expended. the Select DECLINE and the with the with Select and the or Press the to the and the the
Explanation INK CARTRIDGE ERROR REPLACE CARTRIDGE INK CARTRIDGE ERROR PLEASE INSTALL THE CORRECT CARTRIDGES INK COVER OPEN CLOSE INK COVER INK LOW cartridge(s) nearly when INK TOO LOW TO CLEAN REPLACE INK CARTRIDGE INK TOO LOW TO CLEAN THE CARTRIDGE BEING USED CAN BE INSTALLED AGAIN FOR PRINTING MAINTENANCE REQUEST to the and as MAINTENANCE TANK The NEARLY FULL the which nearly MAINTENANCE TANK ERROR REPLACE THE MAINTENANCE TANK MAINTENANCE TANK FULL REPLACE THE MAINTENANCE TANK NO CARTRIDGE INSTALL INK CARTRIDGE NO MAINTENANCE TANK INSTALL THE MAINTENANCE TANK cartridge(s) and the the or the You to that with this The cover or covers the cover(s). enough head the cartridge(s) cleaning; cleaning. Not enough head cleaning, enough The the If the incorrectly the the which The the the which cartridge(s) or incorrect the the which If the and the with the cartridge(s) cleaning; cleaning finished, the cartridge(s); the incorrect
Explanation NOT ENOUGH EMPTY SPACE REPLACE THE RIGHT SIDE MAINTENANCE TANK NOZZLE CHECK ERROR PRESS THE BUTTON NOZZLE CLOG DETECTED NOT ENOUGH INK OR SPACE IN MAINT TANK PAPER CUT ERROR REMOVE UNCUT PAPER PAPER EJECT ERROR REMOVE PAPER FROM PRINTER PAPER ERROR LOAD PAPER CORRECTLY PAPER JAM REMOVE PAPER PAPER LOW The the finished. PAPER OUT LOAD PAPER PAPER RELEASED LOAD PAPER PAPER SENSOR ERROR PRESS THE BUTTON LOAD DIFFERENT PAPER The too the head cleaning. cleaning Press the to clear the then cleaning If necessary, cleaning from the then the Not enough or Select YES then follow the instructions to head cleaning. the or Press the and the front correctly. cover. the The or or the necessary; incorrectly with the Press the and the correctly. Press the button, then correctly. the Press the and the information. loaded. The Press the then with loaded. Press the and the Then another The then the pressed. The detected. Press the to clear the then the right
Explanation PAPER SETTING ERROR CHECK THE PAPER SOURCE IN THE DRIVER SETTINGS AND LOAD PAPER CORRECTLY PAPER SIZE ERROR LOAD CORRECT PAPER SIZE PAPER SKEW LOAD PAPER PROPERLY PRINTER ERROR RESTART THE PRINTER Explanation TAKE-UP DISCONNECTED SET AUTO TAKE-UP REEL SYSTEM IN PRINTER AND RESTART THE PRINTER TAKE-UP DISCONNECTED DO YOU CONTINUE? TAKE-UP ERROR CHECK THE STATUS OF AUTO TAKE-UP REEL UNIT AND RESTART THE PRINTER TAKE-UP ERROR IS ANYTHING OBSTRUCTING THE TAKE-UP REEL SENSOR SYSTEM? The selected the and the match. The the matches the match the of the of the straight. Press the and the straight. You to while Press the to off the then back If the optional the following that might appear: The Turn the off, then the correctly. correctly. The Select YES to without correctly. using the NO turn the off, then the and the the Press the and the correctly. correctly; The nothing the Press the and the correctly; the Source and the correctly.
the and light to (If with the turned off, the necessary, as Turn off the High Quality You often the following: and cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. options correctly. information, OS X) or If of these try the the following and cleaning instructions. Turn off the High the the software correct. If the Choose higher such as If using third-party RIP and the RIP the feed. advanced OS X) or these the Thickness the to the white and increase If created to the to STD when using the head;
or the and light to (If or with the turned off, the necessary, as Colors incorrect or the the software correct. and cleaning instructions. the head, as the the software correct. If using the Choose higher such as Turn off the High You to advanced OS X) or these Thickness If created to the to STD when If the Photoshop or another off the OS X) or the the If using third-party RIP or the reproduction. If the and cleaning the each of the If the too as the and light, and supply as (If with the turned off, the or software correct.
or the each of the If the appears too as appears or the the software correct. smeared. the the software correct. and cleaning the and light and as (If with the turned off, the The thickness software OS or to choose the with to the to STD The PLATEN GAP too the to the to STANDARD or to NARROW thin instructions. If to the thickness or software OS or to choose the with to the to STD the specifications or wasnt humidity-free If using the the path. the of the with cloth. cleaning instructions. Turn off the High The PLATEN GAP too the to the to WIDE WIDER or WIDEST instructions. and cleaning You to and the If smeared the back of PAPER SIZE CHECK ON the This the of the and the of the
The of The the the or smeared. the other The If the light flashing, the unexpectedly. or to the and lights the the light flashing. The sounds as Follow the instructions to the head. nothing the software correct. If to the thickness or software OS or to choose the with to the to STD If thick the PLATEN GAP incorrect. the to the to WIDE WIDER or WIDEST instructions. If cant the unexpectedly, or nothing the following: correctly. The securely outlet thats switch or The interface securely to the and The the outlet matches the the rating If off the and the immediately. If of these the below. the and lights the to occurred. Follow the instructions the the and interrupted. restarting the and
Nothing Turn off the and the interface securely Then the and incorrect or software correctly and the selected. characters. incorrect the or they within the inverted. Turn off the software. OS X) or instructions. the interface the or The match the and Click Hardware and Sound Right-click the then Click the and selected. XP: Click and Other and Right-click the then Click the and selected. Download and the OS or from the www.proimaging.epson.com. If what expected, the below: Clear Turn off the and the interface securely both the and software the incorrectly. Follow the instructions to the PAPER SKEW CHECK ON the The ROLL PAPER MARGIN the PRINTER SETUP incorrect. information.
printed. software correctly and the selected. the head as appears to the software. only. The to The Follow the instructions to the too Turn the High the software the the Source software correct. and cleaning Press the the to clear the and the the correctly. appears the LCD If the Source to this the software. Choose software Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. RAM to when there the or the to network
If feed or frequently, or of the following the Suction information. You this through heavy or thick follow the instructions to the correctly. the or the within the and the too thick or too thin. and specifications. the path. the isnt located brightly The correctly. the and Source the software correct. the PLATEN GAP the or information. If to the thickness and OS X) or
If appears the the Fixing If the too tightly to properly, the to the There the and the the to the of the as shown: of the following: If feeding front of the the to the If feeding the the and them to the as shown below:
Clearing the and PAPER JAM the LCD Follow these to clear the the insertion Press the to release the the
the front cover necessary. the To the the around the head or the absorption or the front cover, necessary. Press the to the off and then back
the updated and that become With the Optional If the optional these turned the off and then the and that the securely connected to both the and the switch the which the to the Source to If the light flashes when the or there the nothing impeding the If the light off, the turned off or the disconnected. the instructions included with the Uninstalling and the If to and then the software reason, follow the instructions the section below. OS Select Preferences then Select then the If to software, Macintosh. Then follow the instructions to the software.
of the following: and Click Uninstall Select EPSON Software the XP Click or Select EPSON Software the and Change/Remove Select and OK Follow the on-screen instructions to software. If to software, Then follow the instructions to the software.
A: Specifications Clearing Information information the printed, such as of If to clear this information to another party), the the and Head Cleaning to to C) (without to to C) to RH to to to C) to RH
Specifications Specification to Rated to to Rated or off the the back of information. and Specification Height inches inches inches inches inches inches (without and and Interfaces USB and Ethernet or off
Since the of or type of the to the of or type of of purchasing or UL CSA EMC FCC B, CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class inches inches to 2-inch to 3-inch to to thickness to to both and 3-inch 2-inch inches 3-inch inches Specifications
Specifications Thickness inch GlossyPhotoPaper250_PK.icc inch inch LusterPhotoPaper260_PK.icc inch inch GlossyPhotoPaper170_PK.icc inch Enhanced inch inch inch Proofing inch Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_EpsonProofing PaperCommerical_PK.icc White inch Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_EpsonProofing inch Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_EpsonProofing Publication PaperPublication_PK.icc Textured inch Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_TexturedFine Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_TexturedFine UltraSmooth inch Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_UltraSmooth Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_UltraSmooth Information and ICC Profiles recommended Core ICC
Thickness inch White PaperRadiantWhite_PK.icc PaperRadiantWhite_MK.icc Enhanced Synthetic inch SyntheticPaper_MK.icc Enhanced inch Synthetic AdhesiveSyntheticPaper_MK.icc inch Profiles with PK with Black those with MK with Black Core ICC Specifications
Specifications to Sheet A4 inches US-ANSI inches A3 inches A3/B inches A2 inches A1 inches A1 inches A0* inches A0* inches US inches US C inches US inches US E* inches
US-ARCH ARCH inches B5 inches inches ARCH inches ARCH C inches ARCH inches ARCH E* inches B4 inches B3 inches B2 inches B1* inches B1 inches B0 inches B0* inches inches inches inches inches Specifications
Specifications Others inches inches* inches* inches inches
these recommended the right and only. Information and ICC Profiles Thickness ICC GlossyPhotoPaper_PK.icc LusterPhotoPaper_PK.icc White PaperRadiantWhite_PK.icc Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_EpsonProofing White Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_PhotoQuality InkJetPaper_MK.icc UltraSmooth Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_UltraSmooth Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_UltraSmooth Textured Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_TexturedFine Pro9890_9908_7890_7908_TexturedFine Enhanced MattePosterBoard_MK.icc PK Black MK Black Specifications
Specifications that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the The with and of the from this first of the within months of the Printable inch top and and inch right and the the to or or the top to The allows edge-to-edge Cartridges Cartridge years from within months to F to C); month F C); or Capacity or approximately approximately
B: the Optional or should wound If to and the automatically, the optional only). To the follow the instructions the that with You (with the or backward (with the The below the of the as indicated the light. light On Ready to Flashing Flashing Flashing The and the and Turned off. light
the Optional WARNING: the properly and turned off If incorrectly or operates unexpectedly, Loading Onto the the the following: Turn off the to that the leading of the straight. the cord. the and the appears the LCD that the the properly. instructions, Press the to Press the to feed the of the with the the section to or to backward.
the switch the to and enough to least three of the the and the least inches the the to quality. Prints the leading of the to the three Press the to the and the Optional
the Optional Prints the of the around the back of the as shown below, then the leading of the to the three Press the to the and the switch the to to least three of the the and the
WARNING: the while operating; Turn off the the the operates unexpectedly, the Once the and attached to to the switch to or the to the The the to ready to the switch to Press the the to the the Optional
the Optional To the to the and then the with to from the from the both of the the 2-inch Core You 2-inch the the to the the from the pinching the
the that the the Then the and the the the from the pinching the the Optional
the Optional the that the the Then the and the the Core the released. Then the the to the
of the the the the the the other of the the Optional
the Optional Turn the to the front to the
C: This the of the lights and buttons (below), the informational and the LCD and the and Lights light light and light and the and off temporarily Accesses the Source Selects the On, or feed light Black LCD arrow or when the to READY seconds, the Selects and within the PRINTER STATUS back to previous within release light and OK
the Press and to feed the OK within the Black Switches from Black to Black and information, the selected cover release or or releases the reduces suction within increases suction within seconds when selected, the loaded, displays the LCD screen seconds when the the and the
Lights Checking and Lights instructions to indicated the lights. Light On: turned On: or On: loaded, the selected match the or the too thick head cleaning On: expended, or with the release or On: released or turned off ready or straight nearly the
LCD Source Sheet with On with Narrow when ROLL PAPER MARGIN selected the PRINTER SETUP when the ROLL PAPER COUNTER turned the PRINTER SETUP (flashing) expended, or (flashing) nearly Option SpectroProofer SpectroProofer
Summary Press the to and the PRINTER SETUP PLATEN GAP the from the head to the PAGE LINE Selects whether to off ROLL PAPER MARGIN Selects the PAPER SIZE CHECK Selects whether the to the of the matches the selected ON recommended). PAPER SKEW CHECK Selects whether the feeding straight PAPER SKEW the LCD and If OFF the of of the REFRESH MARGIN Selects whether to AUTO NOZZLE CHECK Selects whether to the head or each PRINT NOZZLE PATTERN Selects whether to or every CHANGE BLACK INK Selects whether to Black or Black INITIALIZE SETTINGS the PRINTER SETUP to their STANDARD WIDE or WIDER smeared NARROW thin WIDEST thick DEFAULT around) TOP/BOTTOM left/right) TOP 35/BOTTOM left/right) around) around)
TEST PRINT NOZZLE CHECK Prints STATUS SHEET Prints showing the of and NETWORK STATUS Prints showing the SHEET the on-screen Network JOB INFORMATION Prints showing information about the CUSTOM PAPER Prints information about created; MAINTENANCE CUTTER ADJUSTMENT the CUTTER REPLACEMENT to the CLEANING head cleaning cleaning, cleaning, or cleaning; CLOCK SETTING the and PRINTER STATUS VERSION the firmware INK LEVEL the of the the MAINTENANCE TANK the of the or JOB HISTORY the amount of and the TOTAL PRINTS the of printed.
PAPER SETUP ROLL PAPER REMAINING the tracking and this ON the ROLL PAPER LENGTH and ROLL LENGTH ALERT to of the PAPER TYPE Selects the type the Proofing Others CUSTOM PAPER NO PAPER SELECTED CUSTOM PAPER Selects the each the Custom CUSTOM PAPER PAPER TYPE Selects the type that to the Others PLATEN GAP the from the head to the THICKNESS PATTERN Prints thickness THICKNESS NUMBER head PAPER FEED ADJUST the amount of to to Choose white or higher DRYING TIME Selects to smearing (from to seconds). STANDARD WIDE or WIDER smeared NARROW thin WIDEST thick
PAPER SUCTION the suction when thin or SET ROLL PAPER the to when TENSION cloth or thin REMOVE SKEW HEAD ALIGNMENT PAPER THICKNESS Selects the type or thickness the head. ALIGNMENT Selects and head of types. NETWORK SETUP the Network NETWORK SETUP Select to or IP ADDRESS SETTING Select to the IP or manually. IP, SM, DG SETTING the IP selecting the manually. BONJOUR Select the necessary. INIT NETWORK SETTING the to their OPTIONS SETUP SpectroProofer of of the SpectroProofer and the SpectroProofer the of the only). STANDARD to STANDARD HIGH HIGHER