WorkForce WF-7510/WF-7520
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the of the Product Locations Two-Sided Scanning, and Selecting Network From the these sections to the and Lights LCD Turning Sounds topic: Product The this the WorkForce WF-7520. The instructions apply to both the WorkForce WF-7510 and WF-7520 otherwise noted. The On light The On The The Display/Crop
The Copy The Reduce/Enlarge The Quality The LCD The The arrow and the OK The The light The The the and the The Scan The light The The B&W the Copy section of the The the Copy section of the The 2-Sided (WorkForce WF-7520 only) The The The The The Stop The and buttons (increase or the of The B&W the section of the The the section of the The Scan topic: the
LCD Turning Sounds You the of the to to To the from the To the the release and the the without first the release or topic: the You the the LCD Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK and the OK Press the Copy to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the
Product Locations Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select Sound and the OK button. Select the and the OK Press the Copy to topic: the these sections to the Product Top and Product and Product Parts Product topic: Product
Product Top and (ADF) Edge ADF ADF (WF-7520 only) ADF cover release ADF cover
cover Memory Memory light USB release
Product and topic: Product Locations Edge release topic: Product Locations
Product cover head topic: Product Locations
Product Two-Sided Scanning, and Rear cover the WorkForce WF-7520) AC LINE EXT LAN USB topic: Product Locations You both of the automatically, using the built-in (WorkForce WF-7520 only). the (ADF), and (WorkForce WF-7520 only).
You manually. With the 2-Sided option the to with To both of the from or EPSON Bright White and 2-Sided or of the Two-sided OS X). If EPSON Double-sided or EPSON Brochure Double-sided manually; this type of to with the To the ADF, the Scan and If selected Scan to PC option, the and Scan Then of the 2-Sided If the EPSON Scan software, ADF Double-sided as the Source (Office or Professional only). To the ADF, the Copy button, then the button. Select and Copy then of the 2-Sided Copying To the ADF, the then the Select then of the 2-Sided access, the (WorkForce WF-7520 only) to or topic: Product Related Copying Related Selecting Double-sided Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting Double-sided OS Scanning Office Scanning Professional Related topics the Product
Selecting Network From the You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the necessary software from the CD. The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK You this Select and the OK If to the wireless to Ethernet instead. Then follow the instructions the to wired and the software from the CD. The through
Select the of wireless (SSID) or the manually. To the wireless manually, the arrow buttons to Other and the OK button. the to as the wireless (or and then the If (ABC) or lowercase them correctly. Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight option and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK Confirm the and the OK to them. If to the
If to and the OK Press the to The light should flashing. If the light off, selected the (SSID) or the incorrectly. these to try topic: Product
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Loading Loading Capacity EPSON or the Each Source You of and the WF-7520, only. the necessary.
the and the cover. the outward. If using or the release and the
the shown below to of the as shown.
the the and sticking from the of the the the too tightly. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the
the cover and the The slightly as the This the and the If using or the or the follow these the recommended of first, which or top first. the arrow the
Loading the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You of and the WF-7520, inches or inches only. the necessary. the and the cover.
the outward.
the shown below to photo the as shown.
the the and sticking from the of the the the too tightly. the the and sticking from the of the and that the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the
Gently the cover and the The slightly as the This the and the the or follow these the recommended of first, which the arrow the the instructions.
Loading topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You this inches the WF-7520, only. the output necessary. the and the cover.
the outward.
the shown below to the as shown. the the and from the of the
the the too tight. the beneath the top of the To feeding too the Gently the and the
Loading Capacity The slightly as the This the and the follow these If of each or If when that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity type Loading EPSON Bright White sheets inches to inches
EPSON type Loading EPSON sheets EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Brochure EPSON Quality Self-adhesive EPSON Iron-on Cool Based the arrow the or two-sided with the (WorkForce WF-7520 only). two-sided to sheets. one-sided or two-sided with the (WorkForce WF-7520 only). two-sided topic: Loading You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON (or country.
Sheet count EPSON Bright White inches S041586 EPSON Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided EPSON inches S041341 EPSON inches S041568 Double-sided EPSON inches S041467 inches S041257 EPSON S041067 inches S041343 inches S041339 S042180 inches S041468 inches S041260 inches S041263 inches S041062 inches S041070 inches S041069
Sheet count EPSON inches S041809 EPSON inches S041808 S041727 inches S041141 S041649 S041156 inches S044143 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041466 inches S041290 inches S041288 inches S041289 S042038 S041271
count EPSON inches S042181 S042174 EPSON inches S041982 inches S041331 EPSON Quality A4 inches S041106 EPSON Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You EPSON Brochure Double-sided EPSON EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041327
or inches inches inches inches inches inches topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Quality Self-adhesive EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON Brochure EPSON Envelope
the Each Source the Each Source this Select this or to Thick-Paper topic: Loading Related Copying You the each using the or software. The apply to to the the Each Source the Each Source OS topic: Loading You the each of the following: Click and Devices and Right-click and Click and Click and Sound right-click and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and Click the Optional Click You this
Select the each as the Loaded On the WF-7520, of the following: If of these the loaded:Letter inches inches A4 inches inches inches inches inches A3 inches inches or inches If of these or Others as the Loaded inches Envelope inches A6 inches or inches
the Each Source OS If the software to to with the the Notice checkbox. If Notice from with the If this option off and to with the the the and Click Apply the the topic: the Each Source Related Selecting You the each OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and or Select Click the button. You this
Select the each as the Loaded On the WF-7520, of the following: If of these the loaded:Letter inches inches A4 inches inches inches inches A3 inches inches or inches If of these or Others as the Loaded inches inches Envelope inches A6 inches or inches If the software to to with the the Notice If Notice from with the If this option off and to with the the the and
Click Apply the the topic: the Each Source Related Selecting OS Selecting OS
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the to topic: the Product Related topics Copying
the Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF cover.
the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. the ADF the too tightly. topic: the Product
Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying the information to or using exactly the as Copying Copying Copying Copying Copying You or the or the ADF. the to the recommended of sheets. Press the Copy You this
Copying To than the or buttons to the to If to the of the or right arrow buttons to the To of the the LCD the and Copy the OK and the access, the (WorkForce WF-7520 only) to two-sided the Reduce/Enlarge to or the Quality to ready to of the buttons the Copy section of the To the Stop topic: Copying Related references Copying Copying Copying Related topics Loading the Product You or black-and-white and of including You the as the the to only the recommended of Press the Copy You this
Press the Copy/Restore and the OK button. You this To as On If or this off. Then the OK button. the the OK to to to three the to three the as shown the LCD them least inch Press the OK to or
the LCD of the following: To than of the photo, the or to the to To or photo, the Display/Crop If copying than photo, the arrow buttons to the photo. Then the selections Press the OK to You this: To of the the LCD the and Copy the OK and the ready to of the buttons the Copy section of the To the Stop topic: Copying Related Copying Copying Copying
Copying Copying Related topics Loading the Product Select that matches the loaded. type EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON Brochure Double-sided topic: Copying Select the that matches the loaded. You only these inches inches
Copying inches inches A4 inches inches inches inches inches topic: Copying Select the and Copy to Not options or other copying Copying option 2-Sided 1>1-Sided the and ADF to (WorkForce WF- 1>2-Sided only) 2>1-Sided Copying On the of Expands the to the of the With around the Copy originals
Copying option Reduce/Enlarge Custom Automatically the the as the Custom Automatically the to the selected and Automatically from to another other options Select the the options Select the type the Quality only) Quality the highest the of originals (only when 2>1-Sided or selected) the of originals when Direction (WorkFo Top WF-7520 only) the of Margin (WorkForc when selected) Top WF-7520 only) (WorkForce or appear the front of the when WF-7520 only) the the amount of topic: Copying
From with Selecting or from and its software as the If to to software with with OS or with OS Product Related Checking Software Updates You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting or Selecting topic: From Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of The this the WorkForce WF-7520. The instructions apply to both the WF-7510 and WF-7520 otherwise noted. the Source the that to from (WF-7520 only). If the Select to each the topic the each Select the of the as the You the to (On the WF-
Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or sheets of of the the and the options To and their the To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White Source Quality topic: with Related or Related the Each Source or
Source Quality Selecting You of the options the Source to from that Select Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with quality. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high quality. Quality the the topic: Selecting You of the options the to
Selecting Double-sided and Prints or of Click the to and options. Prints of to Click the to and options. topic: Selecting You both of the selecting the 2-Sided the options or other chosen or the Select the 2-Sided checkbox. WorkForce WF-7520 If the selected, of the following: Select the to the to manually and the to the other (recommended that Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the You this
Double-sided Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If selected the type, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided topic: with You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the Margin Select options that to allow Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided
Selecting Additional and the setting(WorkForce WF-7520 only), of the options the to the of the of Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to smearing. topic: Selecting Double-sided You of and options or photo the More
Custom Correction To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the Select of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. To to of the Additional options to Custom Correction Additional topic: with Related or Related or You of the options the Correction to the
Brightness and and tones. If the RGB the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM using off software using only software.
Additional Selecting topic: Selecting Additional and You of the Additional options to options selected or other chosen. Prints the rotated from its High reduce the to right. Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or red-eye topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You own clicking the Click the or More You the options the
or option to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with Once selected to and Click OK to
Selecting You such as this Click OK or to topic: with the apply while that If to the Right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the Select You the Click the
You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the and firmware. You often the software or this Right-click the the Select You this:
with OS or of the following each type of To often the software the every To the the option. Click Apply Click OK to If choose to the to topic: with Related Checking Software You with using OS as these Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Printed OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS or OS Selecting Preferences OS topic: From Select the basic the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them Select the and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Select the Source to from. On the WF-7520, the Select to each the topic each Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Source OS Quality OS OS
Source OS Quality OS topic: with OS or Related or Related the Each Source OS Selecting OS or OS You of the options the Source to from that Select selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced quality. Normal text and and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high
OS Selecting OS Quality the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the to right. If the option the white topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the
Selecting OS Select the of the as the If photo, with option. You Custom to On the WF-7520, You and to the Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS or Related You of options or selecting from the the
Printed OS Selecting Double-sided OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS or You the of the as selecting from the the To only selected option from the to To the which printed, option from the To the to the to and from the Destination topic: with OS or You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the WF-7520 only).
options pre-selected or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS or You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided to bound the of the
OS Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the
Matching and OS from the the The the the option selected the Select of the and OS topic: with OS or You from these the Matching and EPSON using software, or off ColorSync Prints using and to match You the and the ColorSync the
or OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. Red-Eye or red-eye Turns off software only software. topic: OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking OS Checking OS topic: with OS or the of and Click the when it appears the You the
Selecting Preferences OS the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this
Preferences OS with OS Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS or You from these the that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or High reduce topic: Selecting Preferences OS You with OS as these
Selecting OS the WF-7510, the software OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Printed OS Selecting OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the the or photo to photo or Select the You to the option the or another command.
Select as the Format Select the of the as the If photo, with option. You Custom to (Custom You type and to the Select the of or photo as shown the If the To reduce or the of the Click OK to the topic: with OS Related
Selecting OS Related Selecting OS Select the basic the or to Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the Select the and as necessary. If these the them applications, to Advanced these
Select from the Select the Source to from (WF-7520 only). If the Select to each the topic each Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type the Quality to Select of the options. Source OS Quality OS
Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related the Each Source OS or OS You of the options the Source to from that Select Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced Normal and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high
OS Selecting OS Quality the quality, the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS You options selecting from the the
Printed OS Selecting Double-sided OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the topic: with OS You the of the as selecting from the the To the which printed, of the options. To selected of the options. To the to the to option and from the topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the WF-7520 only).
options or other chosen or the Select of the Two-sided Select the type of as the The software the options that type.
OS OS If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the topic: with OS Related Double-sided and OS You the to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the OS topic: with OS You from these the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the the
Selecting Preferences OS Preferences OS ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the off software using only software. topic: OS You from the Select from the the Select of the Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these options the that that or High reduce
or OS Checking OS topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the
Product Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To topic: or OS If to the topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting EPSON Scan Scanning with OS Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) or scanning, of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the EPSON Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning You to buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or With OS with USB to the buttons. Press the Scan The options displayed:
Press the arrow buttons to option and the OK Scan to Memory Card memory and the and other Scan to PC as JPEG to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and attaches to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as Scan to PC (WSD) wireless or (English only). To to first to connected to If connected directly to with USB USB If connected to the from the Press the Scan to scanning.
Scan to Memory Card Scan to Memory Card topic: Starting Scan the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options Format JPEG Select Select the of the output 2-Sided Scanning originals the ADF On Scan Select the Text Select the type of Photograph Select the of PDF (WF-7520 only) PDF Select B&W A3 US A4 Select with Select Select highest
Starting Scan the EPSON Scan Scan to Memory Card options Direction (WF-7520 the of only) PDF Top to the lighter and topic: Scan the Product You the EPSON Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or You EPSON Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning You EPSON Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You EPSON Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan
Selecting EPSON Scan Scan Selecting the Scan EPSON Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning EPSON Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and You based the type of scanning. You options, and and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the EPSON Scan to from the the right of the EPSON Scan
Scanning topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the this option or to text OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the EPSON Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or it If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the
To the then the Click the and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning You these options EPSON Scan the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Backlight Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics.
Selecting Scan Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the EPSON Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where
Scanning Office To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Office EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or it scanning You preview, and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and Office as the You this Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where Select the and that match
Selecting Scan Office Select the to Click the EPSON Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Office To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click each and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options EPSON Scan Office Select the Option checkbox to of the grayed-out Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics.
Scanning Professional the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and Professional as the You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where Select the type of as the or Select the of and it as the Select the to Click the button. EPSON Scan and the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options EPSON Scan Professional this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Grayscale Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the
Professional To the then the Click the and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options EPSON Scan Professional Not the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light.
Selecting Scan Professional from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the users only.) Click the to the Threshold the which and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to
the EPSON Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the Turns or off.
Scan Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the thumbnail preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting EPSON Scan If to to increase the from the EPSON Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the EPSON Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its Increase EPSON Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select EPSON Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting EPSON Scan You the location, and of the You optional that EPSON Scan when and The appear Scan the EPSON Scan You to the clicking the the EPSON Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting EPSON Scan You from and optional the EPSON Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS
Scanning with OS PRINT II or that include EPSON PRINT II and the the displays the created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with using such as With OS or to scanning with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or such as Select EPSON from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. If the If scanning item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan
Scan OS Scanning to PDF the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. topic: Scanning with OS EPSON Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. EPSON Scan. Select the to the selecting Scan You the
PDF as the Select other to the Click the to Click OK EPSON Scan and this
Choose of the following options the If only If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the EPSON Scan necessary. EPSON Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan
Restoring Colors as You Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting EPSON Scan You the as them using EPSON Scan's Restoration You this of the restoration Office EPSON Scan offers that scanning. EPSON Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration checkbox. selecting Scan Click to the EPSON Scan necessary. EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting EPSON Scan
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR You and the text that with processing, spreadsheet, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY OS or ABBYY to to text first using such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this
Select the the to as the Click the Scan to Other If the Select and OK WIA option correctly. You the Select Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning, and then the
Scanning OCR OS Select and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) You the ABBYY OCR to to OS or ABBYY to to text first using such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or scanning. the Applications and the ABBYY You this
the From and Select the the to as the Select the type of to EPSON Scan the used. Select and Scan and the EPSON Scan while to Click to the EPSON Scan and necessary.
You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR)
Connecting Telephone or these sections to This allows to numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and You to telephone to or If to the telephone to telephone or to using If telephone to to the to telephone and to the LINE If telephone included DSL DSL to the to to the or DSL the
Telephone DSL DSL If or to using the from the EXT
the Product the phone to telephone or and to the EXT If and turned the to higher than the of to phone or connected to the EXT to incoming when the with phone or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: with header and the to If of to the and the Product the the OS topic: these sections to the Selecting Country or Selecting the and Information
Selecting Country or and Characters Selecting and Selecting Communication Reports Restoring Communications topic: faxing, the country or which If the country or to their and them Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Selecting the and Select Country/Region and the OK Select country or and the OK You If the correct, and the OK (If and retry.) the country or the to the topic: the Product faxing, the and daylight phase and choose and Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select and the OK You this
Information Select the to and the OK the buttons the to the then the OK Select the to and the OK the buttons the to the AM or PM selected 12-hour then the OK Select Daylight and the OK Select of the following the and the OK or and Daylight (DST) or winter or Daylight (DST) selection, to the If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock hour. from to the clock back hour. topic: the Product faxing, and to the header to the of the Press the
Press the You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK You this the to the such as or business You to characters. Select and the OK to to the
and Characters Select and the OK the the to to characters. You to international that of the Press the OK to to the Press the to topic: the Product Follow these to and characters You the LCD or the buttons the Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function displayed the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight option and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK topic: the Product
Selecting and Selecting You the quality, and other incoming and outgoing Press the Press the button. You this Select and the OK of the Press the to topic: the Product Related references You and Press the Press the You this
Reports Select and the OK of the Press the to topic: the Product Related You of reports and and You to the then the and selecting or Press the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK button. You this
Restoring of the reports and the OK Press of the the section of the to the topic: the Product Related You to their necessary. Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Select of the options and the OK You Select or and the OK button. topic: the Product Related Select the options to outgoing To options as the New then Quality and and of and art. and to the lighter and
originals the ADF. (WorkForce WF-7520 On only) options the of the the topic: the Product Select the options to to (WF- the only) A4 US A3 Source to the incoming (WF-7520 only) Reduction On of to the the selected to Prints incoming or Prints incoming as they received. the to incoming instead of them. topic: the Product Select the Communication options to phone
DRD If using Distinctive Service phone telephone assign or to the and assign to each. If this service, the of as the DRD the of the and that this service. ECM On Correction (ECM) to of with off Correction (ECM). V.34 On to to the of The If turned and connected to the this higher than the of to Detection On Automatically the to when the tone the off tone This necessary connected to Branch (PBX) or (TA) topic: the Product Select the option information to or
the of of the incoming Trace of topic: the Product Select the option the to of the the and the header, and of the of the the the and of the the topic: the Product You header and the FAX Click or or Select EPSON Software Select FAX
You this Select You this
the OS Select necessary. Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: You header and the FAX OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and or Select
and Speed/Group the Product Creating Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: You of them faxing. You to to numbers. these sections to and Speed/Group the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic: You and using the Creating Creating topic: and You of to You to and combined.
Press the button. Press the You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK You this Select the to the and the OK
the buttons the to the You to characters. Press the OK You this the to the You to characters. Select and the OK You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the the OK and the information. To the entry, the OK and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related Creating and Characters You easy reference.
Press the Press the button. You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select and the OK button. Press of the buttons the section of the to the
Creating topic: Speed/Group the Product You creating Each include to numbers. You to and combined. Press the button. Press the You this Press the arrow to and the OK Select You this
the to the and the OK You this the to the You to characters. Select and the OK You to this:
Select the to to the and the right arrow to selecting as necessary. finished, the OK You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the the OK and the information. To the entry, the OK and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related Creating and Characters You easy reference. Press the button. Press the button. You this
Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select and the OK Press of the the section of the to the topic: Speed/Group the Product
Speed/Group the You and using the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. Click or or Select EPSON Software Select FAX You this Select You this
Select necessary. Select Dial/Group You this
and the To entry, and the To and the of the following: To and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the previous as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and
Speed/Group the OS You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and or Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Dial/Group You this
To entry, To entry, and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and these sections to using from the Product the
from the Product Manually or the OS topic: these sections to the Manually or Selecting From or from Connected Telephone Broadcasting topic: You from manually the or redialing the the faxing. Press the of the following: the to the You to characters. Press the to the
Selecting From or If to the the OK and selecting the Press of the the section of the If prompted, where or If and-white. To faxing, the and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product You from selecting or from the the faxing. Press the Press the
from Connected Telephone If to entry, the Select the or to then the OK If to the the OK and selecting the Press of the buttons the section of the If prompted, where or If and-white. To faxing, the Stop and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product If connected telephone to the EXT the from the connected telephone. the faxing. Press the
the from the connected telephone. You this and the OK with the the telephone. If to the the OK and selecting the Press of the the section of the If prompted, where or If and-white. To faxing, the Stop and to necessary. the telephone. the topic: from the Product
Broadcasting You easily to the or phone numbers. You the to to phone numbers. the faxing. Press the Press the the arrow buttons to Broadcast and the OK the following as necessary: the to manually numbers. Press the arrow to numbers. To or entry, the the and arrows to highlight entry, the right arrow to entry, and the arrow to finished selecting the OK button. Press of the buttons the section of the If prompted, where or If and-white. To faxing, the Stop and to necessary.
the the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product the and while these options. Quality and and of and art. and to the and 2-Sided originals the ADF. (WorkForce WF-7520 On only) options the of the the topic: from the Product You from You to including the to and the command.
with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click Print. If the first this
the OS information that the of the Then OK to the information. cover input or phone of then Next instructions the EPSON FAX Utility, If cover to cover and information, then Next. Click to topic: You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including cover
the to Select the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the the of as the the to Select from the You this
of the following to choose or from the and and the Click the and from from the You this
Reception the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually topic: and when reception to If connected telephone to the and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic:
Automatically Manually To and automatically, the light to turned or To or off, the If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or If telephone connected, and to that to the LCD displays that topic: You to manually turning off This the connected the connected telephone the You this LCD If hear the option and the OK the active as the
Follow the instructions the to the finished, the previous LCD Press the OK to the the topic:
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card memory memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. force the the the
Memory Card The memory light flashes and then memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Removing Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD
Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Right CompactFlash topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory
from Memory Card the memory light flashing. If connected to using USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and Cards topic: Memory Cards With Product
and and these sections to and displayed LCD and and From Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the Select and and the OK You this:
Press the arrow to through and the To the LCD the Display/Crop three Press the to the photo To than of the the or to the to To or photo, the Display/Crop To and others the arrow buttons and the selections Press the OK to of the that You this: of the following as necessary: To of the displayed the LCD the the OK and the To of the the the OK and the ready to the To the Stop topic: and
Related Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD Memory Card Memory Card You of the memory or other Press the Press the arrow buttons to then the OK You this of the following: Press the to immediately of the EPSON or EPSON this inches To of the or type of with the To than of the the or to the to Press the OK to of the that
You this: of the following as necessary: To of the displayed the LCD the the OK and the To of the the the OK button, and the ready to the To the topic: and Related Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD Memory Card Removing Memory Card You based the the Press the
Select and and the OK You this: Press the and the OK You this Select the Select option and the OK You this:
Select shown and the right arrow then the OK To than of the that the or to the to Then the OK Press the arrow buttons to through If necessary, the or to the of to To or photo, the Display/Crop Press the OK to of the that You this:
and From of the following as necessary: To of the displayed the LCD the the OK and the necessary To of the the the OK and the necessary ready to the To the topic: and Related Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD Memory Card Memory Card You as the LCD and the to Press the Press the arrow to and the OK To displayed the OK (Press the arrow to or the as necessary.) To than of the photo, the or to the to To or the Display/Crop button. Press the OK to of the that You this:
Displayed the LCD Screen of the following as necessary: To of the the LCD the the OK and the To of the the the OK and the ready to the To the Stop topic: and Related Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD Screen Memory Card Removing Memory Card If to or the LCD the Display/Crop and the To the photo, the to the or the to the outward.
Displayed the LCD To the the arrow buttons. To the the To the the OK topic: and You the and appearance of displayed the LCD The only the of the photo, the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select and the OK button. Select option the To clear previously the Stop selecting the OK topic: and Related
Select the options to when and the LCD options Automatically the brightness, and On of the photo based the Detection that selected. off below PRINT Matching or P.I.M. the of Detection the option that matches photo People Night Automatically the red-eye Red-Eye On This On tone to the or the photo black-and-white to the or B&W the photo Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects.
Selecting Displayed the LCD topic: and You the the LCD Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select and the OK option the To clear previously the Stop selecting the OK topic: and Related Select the options to when the LCD
options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Expands the to the of the With around the Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the photo the the On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: and You or displayed the LCD of photo Press the Press the arrow to and the OK You this
Press the arrow buttons to of the options and the OK Press the arrow buttons to the that matches the loaded. Then the OK Press the arrow to the type that matches the loaded. Then the OK the selected, this If the of the following: To allow to the the automatically,
Cards To the manually, manually and follow the instructions the Press the arrow buttons to the to Press the or to or of each to To other the arrow and the selections then the OK To than of the photo the or buttons to the to then the OK ready to the To the topic: from Memory Card Select the to when or or or the or of the ID Prints Prints topic: You memory or other and own handwritten or First and template Then the template, and cards. Creating and Card Template Card From Template
Creating and Card Template topic: from Memory Card and memory or other Press the Press the arrow buttons to Card and the OK You this Select Select and Template and the OK Press the arrow buttons to the then the OK You this
Card From Template Select to three or to then the OK Select the type of to then the OK Follow the instructions the LCD to and ready to template the button. topic: Cards Related Card From Template template printed, to and
or to the and the Text and Text Effects. You write hand, and the or the that EPSON photo the Select Cards from Template and the OK button. Follow the instructions the LCD to the template facedown the with the facing the back corner. the cover. To than the or to the ready to the To the Stop
Memory Card necessary. topic: Cards You containing of the memory or other Press the Press the arrow to and the OK You this To of the the LCD the the OK button, and the ready to the To the topic: from Memory Card You to and from memory memory From
From from Memory Card to from Memory Card to From Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to type and the OK topic: Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory to memory memory of the following to memory from Select the or then the OS with USB the then OS with Select the or from the the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD
From Memory Card to OS with Select the Network the then located within with and OK Select the MEMORYCARD the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card You back from memory to connected to the such as USB or CD or DVD the of memory of the memory USB or the USB the USB the front of (such as CD) necessary. Press the Press the arrow buttons to Memory Card and the OK button.
Follow the instructions the to the from and copying to the the finished, memory and the The each topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card
with Product from Connected to Product Selecting From Follow the instructions these sections to with such as smartphone, or other from Connected to Product or from USB or Charging USB Product from EPSON If that PictBridge to the and directly from the to JPG and from to the of of type, and supported, and the Selecting From Connecting and From topic: with Product from the Press the You this
the arrow to and the OK Select and the OK You this the to then the Select and the OK You this
Select the photo to then the to ready to and topic: from Connected to Product Select the options to when from options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected
options Expands the to the of the With around the or or or photo the or of the ID Prints Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white On Prints the the the On Automatically the photo to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: Selecting From Select the options to when from
Connecting and From options On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M PRINT or Detection the of the option that matches People Night Red-Eye On/Off Automatically the tone to the or photo the photo B&W black-and-white to the or the photo Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: Selecting From the turned
memory from the the to the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to Turn You this Follow the instructions that with to and
or from USB or USB Specifications Connecting and USB or off and from the topic: from Connected to Product Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product You that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: or from USB or or the turned the of memory from the the to
Charging USB Product USB or the USB that with the USB the front of (such as CD) necessary. If there the and the OK You and from the LCD the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You charge or other to the user-supplied USB that to with with USB Devices that than EPSON the of the information.
from Turn to the USB the front of the while charging (it to charge You the USB to from to If to the memory instead. Disconnect memory topic: with Product You and from smartphones or such as iPhones, and wireless as the www.epson.com/connect to learn about and the of to the wireless that from to EPSON
EPSON topic: with Product With EPSON Print, from that such as smartphone, or features assigned to EPSON to to with to as the If already when software, www.epson.com/connect to learn about Print, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options EPSON account. topic: with Product
You or stationery with photo background. and Graph You or with of the background. inches inches inches or A4 inches and A3 memory memory or USB or USB the USB the front of Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons and of the that shows background photo (with or without the of that loaded.
Lined and Graph Press the OK You of with the background. Press the arrow buttons to through and the to To the the arrow Then the OK to the OK To than the or to the to ready to the To the topic: Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You or and
inches inches inches or A4 inches Press the Press the arrow to and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons and of the following or A4 Narrow Graph and A3 to the OK To than the or to the to ready to the To the Stop topic:
Related topics Loading
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of EPSON and with If to to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge Purchase EPSON Cartridges Removing and Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of LCD Press the Select and the OK You this:
Checking Cartridge with The which or expended, Displayed Press the Copy to topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges appears to when and using To the the then the the that appears. You this
or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS You the of using of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select EPSON You this
Purchase EPSON Cartridges Cartridge the following as necessary: You the clicking or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that EPSON and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase and the within months of them. High-capacity High-capacity Black
and Cartridges High-capacity High-capacity topic: Purchase EPSON Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to and the OK then choose and OK If the LCD the the OK then Cartridge and the OK the
the cover. the the and the straight to
of the or try to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the it four or the the or the from the the the the immediately the the head and to the from the of the other or or
the the and clicks
the cover and clicks
the The head to its and the charging the This about the charging finished. off the while the On light flashing or If incorrectly, the and the clicks finished, the OK If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing upside-down.
With Black and Cartridges With Cartridges topic: Cartridges Related Purchase EPSON Cartridges expended, temporarily from the as as You with using With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or Click Stop or to If the appears another to the the or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK EPSON displays Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges
With Cartridges OS Conserving Black with If and to temporarily with only or Click the the If that temporarily with only the to If the appears another to the using the of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Preferences the temporary selected. the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there
The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected Click to of to or to the the Click this to the If this the software. topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning clean the You them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the the Press the
Press the arrow to and the OK You this Select and the OK You this Press of the buttons. the this
the to there the head clean head cleaning of the following: If there and the OK button. Press the Copy to If there or the Head Cleaning and the OK and Follow the instructions the to clean the head, the and the as necessary.
Checking the If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head You the head or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select You of these
Click the to there the head head cleaning
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning If and the the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges You the head the the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Select Head Cleaning and the OK You this Press the OK Select the cleaning to then of the buttons to the head. You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, this
Cleaning the Head Select and the OK Press of the buttons to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges You the head or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head Cleaning You of these
Select the cleaning to based the Click to the cleaning The On light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head
Head the Head the Product head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning You the head the the
Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select Head and the OK You this Press of the buttons to while head
the Head You this the and the arrow buttons to choose the the each Press the OK each selection, then the OK when topic: Head You the head using or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head Click Next then to while head
You of these
the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Realignment Then another and Click (where to topic: Head
Cleaning the Path If the back of the to of the the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should the and (ADF) when the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the the
Clean the top of the highlighted below) with cloth (microfiber recommended). or cleansers the Clean the with lint-free cloth, with cleaner. directly the and the with force.
Transporting Product the ADF cover and lint-free cloth to clean the and the of the ADF. the ADF, then the outer and with lint-free cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Cleaning the Path If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from the its this the Turn off the
the and to the head the right (the If turn the the head to then the off the the connected the the from the the the release and the
the without first the release or the its or with cushioning around the the If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software Updates these sections to Checking Software Updates Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Software or Right-clicking the the On the the the EPSON topic:
Product Related You often with the its LCD You the to topics. LCD loaded. the the the then of the buttons or the On as instructed the There with originals the to they correctly and the operation. correctly. The of IP There with the to and The the of its service Turn off the and the of its service life. The the of their service life. nearing the of its (To of the buttons.) service life. Communication the connected to and software correctly. tone detected. the phone connected correctly and the phone If connected the to PBX Branch phone or off the Detection Recovery occurred firmware USB and the If this
Product LCD occurred. Turn the off and then back If the there the If and the occurred while to USB the and XXXXX topic: Related the Product the the Where to Related From Memory Card to Related topics Loading the Product Network operating properly. interface connected to the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Select and the OK You this Press of the buttons. the this
the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the clean or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the button. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK
You this Select of these options and the OK and the and header, and You Select and the OK to the selected (Select and the OK to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic:
Software If hear from these The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the On light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related topics Cartridges If while software, these turned and the USB or securely both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related
Network Product to Wireless Router or Access If the these To LCD text To the of the or the release To off the heard when off the Sound This off the sound topic: Related LCD Turning Sounds these or Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or these to within of router or microwave or such as that router or operating correctly to from or another
Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. topic: Network If these turned and connected to using If necessary, software and EpsonNet topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network If these that turned software as
Scan Network and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both using the wireless wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing. If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or to or router, switch, or with Ethernet to from another the If connecting the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Network If EPSON Scan these If high If while EPSON Scan, EPSON Scan, seconds, and If EPSON Scan off back and restarting EPSON Scan the option selected as the Timeout the EPSON Scan enough to EPSON Scan You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface OCR
Network software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of Press the Select and the OK button. You this Confirm and the OK Press of the to the (Press the to the operation.) the shown the to topic: Network
Product Nothing Product It While these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the On light software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections using with the Product the the Ejection topic:
the Product If feeding these If feed correctly, and it the right of the and the the the the the If feed once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of sheets. If when both of the sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with punched Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the Product the the Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If that the try these the from necessary. Press the OK and follow the instructions the LCD to clear the the and
the white the the
the buttons to release the cover and from from the cover.
the and the of touching the the cover.
the Press of the buttons to If the other follow instructions when topic: Related the the If that the these the
the and the cover. the the
follow instructions when the cover and the Press of the buttons to topic: Related the Product the
the If with the (ADF), try these originals from the ADF. the ADF release and the ADF cover.
the ADF without the cover or the ADF. the ADF cover then the cover.
the cover and the ADF cover. the
Ejection originals the ADF. the ADF its originals creased or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear topic: Related the Product the If with ejecting properly, these If the to the the when If when or too thin. and to the type when
from Nothing Prints topic: Related the Product the the or Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the
Product Not Appear clear from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the Shortcut Click OK to the
Cartridge topic: from If light or follow these and the replaced, to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and Clear or to existing using when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the or and the following High RAW
and Inverted as topic: from Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when EPSON Iron-on Cool topic: and
Too Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If unexpectedly, try these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected with option software. the to the amount of the of topic: and Related Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the Click and and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Printout Quality Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these the the of the Select higher software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: Related topics Scanned Quality
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the facedown the Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading Cartridges If or smeared, these curled, or of the (the should facedown). with or the EPSON to and absorption of EPSON
the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related EPSON Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Double-sided Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting Double-sided OS Cleaning the Path
Printout or Printout Printout Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or the (the should facedown). the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading Cartridges If these the of the facedown the Select higher and off high software.
Incorrect Colors to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. EPSON and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly Related Selecting Selecting OS OS Selecting OS OS Related topics Cartridges these with Scanning Software Not Correctly EPSON Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related
EPSON Scan Scanned Quality If EPSON Scan, these turned and interface securely both EPSON Scan selected power-saving such as or If and EPSON Scan. of EPSON Scan If both and If operating EPSON Scan, try With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Upside-Down
Consists of of Appears Scanned Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: Related topics Quality If consists only of try these facing the If using the EPSON Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Professional Related topics the Product If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product
Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or blurry, try these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these EPSON Scan and try Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If thick or warped cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these EPSON Scan and
of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Brightness the and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of printed This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these EPSON Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan the This the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the when necessary. If oriented correctly this option, the and topic: Scanned Quality Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped Memory Card the matching and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these EPSON Scan and scanning the and with of the the Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If the while EPSON Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card
Memory Card or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card To or From Memory Card topic: If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory these memory memory with the the memory the If too memory the or prompted to of the of or of the memory specifications the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications If to or from memory these only memory memory with the securely connected to
or If to the memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the that the correctly. topic: Memory Card Related From Related topics Memory Card these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or try these the turned and correctly turned to automatically. to this turned that the connecting telephone to LINE using or software to the that the phone to and testing If connected to DSL phone DSL to the to the DSL the necessary If telephone off V.34 and ECM Correction and
with Telephone Connected to Product to Uninstall Product Software If connected to that to phone that when If phone includes services, or service. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or Reports Selecting Communication Related topics Loading the Product connected to EXT that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic:
Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS You and then software to Turn off the Disconnect interface Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. the of the following to EPSON then follow on-screen instructions: or Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to EPSON Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software However, the Uninstall from the to software as If that software
Where to To the Uninstall the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the Uninstall currently Double-click the Uninstall Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the
Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Specifications These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these operating Microsoft XP Professional Edition XP SP1 or higher
Specifications Scanning Specifications www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications front Approximately topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective inches Scanning A3 or US
(ADF) Specifications Specifications to and internal Light LED topic: Technical Specifications input Facedown US A4, A3 or US type to feeding thickness: inch using the ADF (WorkForce WF-7520 only), A4 and topic: Technical Specifications type Black and white and Household phone to to internal (US or A4) or sheets
Specifications correction CCITU/ITU with correction to (combined) to (ITU-T chart memory (with Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity: to RH the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or RJ-11 Telephone
Specifications Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness to inch to to inches to topic: Specifications the expanded A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Top: inch inch Right: inch inch inch inch inch Right: inch topic: Technical Specifications
Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications that EPSON and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Black Cartridge months to to within months of the This function or performance. topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge Cards with using Unopened the the month thaws and hours
CompactFlash Compatible DCF DCF or topic: Technical Specifications Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD
Specifications Height WF-7510 WF-7510 WF-7510 WF-7510 (without topic: Technical Specifications inches inches WF-7520 inches inches inches inches WF-7520 inches inches inches inches WF-7520 inches WF-7520
Specifications Specifications supply rating to to to Rated Rated to WF-7510: topic: Technical Specifications to to to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications copying: (ISO/IEC24712) Ready off: Approx WF-7520: copying: (ISO/IEC24712) Ready off: Approx to to month
Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications Interface type USB computers) the operation of externally topic: Technical Specifications with AC that USB recommended. CD-R CD-R 650MB, CD-R 700MB DVD-R 4.7GB DVD-R 128MB, 230MB, 640MB, 1.3GB and USB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications LAN IEEE Wireless security WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES) WPA2 Communication USB PictBridge-compliant CD-RW DVD-RW, DVD+R, and DVD+RW WEP
and Specifications 100BASE-TX/10BASE-T Ethernet Wireless LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Inc. SP88W8786-MD0-2C2T00 This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications EMC: FCC Class EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products FCC Software Notices Copyright Notice United States This with of the FCC and the adopted the ACTA. On the back that other information, the FCC and the (REN) this You this information to The information associated with the services the to REN: 0.1B, type: RJ-11C. The REN useful to the of that to telephone and of those when telephone called. areas, the of the of connected to should To of the of that to to to the REN products July the REN this of the that the US: BKMFA01BC441B. The 01B the REN without 01B REN of 0.1B). earlier products, the REN shown the This service the to to Should this to the telephone the service temporarily. If they that temporary of service required. advanced isnt the as as You of right to with the FCC. The its operations or that the functioning of If they to to telephone service.
This to repaired. If with this please Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: The telephone that this from the the corrected or that the malfunctioning. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and adopted the ACTA. telephone and with this It to to that instructions The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the of the or such business, other entity, or to this information follow the instructions header information. According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to to AC and that this nationwide If specially connected to the telephone the of this C441B If about what telephone or This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver.
Software Notices the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the This Class with ICES-003. (IES) interface interface tous NMB-003 topic: Notices OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the of each software the of the GPL LGPL and Apple Source (each Section years the of of this If to the please the "Contacting Customer or of this and the of You comply with the of each software
The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written Young The of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL base-passwd-3.5.7 module-init-tools-3.2pre1 mount-2.12
GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL Apple Source This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its ("Apple Source Apple Source This includes the software which the and owner of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes the software which the of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD mount-2.12
RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC The of RPC TCP Wrappers This includes the software "TCP Wrappers" which the terms and owner of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". "TCP Wrappers" This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the terms and of the copyright to the "ARC4". "ARC4" ARC4 This includes the software "SHA1" which the and of the copyright to the "AES".
Copyright Notice "SHA1" SHA1 topic: Notices EPSON and WorkForce EPSON TM and EPSON of Corporation. EPSON SM service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON Products Corporation. This information to without
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted EPSON Products Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted EPSON Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when using EPSON While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of The the factory to that the of efficiency, and the
Copyright Attribution topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-28111R3 topic: Copyright Notice