Product the Touch and Lights these sections to learn about the features of the Product Locations Selecting Wireless Network From the Touch these sections to the Touch and Lights LCD Turning Sounds topic: Product The On light The On The
The Display/Crop The LCD The and buttons (increase or the of The arrow buttons and the OK The light The The light The CD The light The The The topic: the You the of the to to access. or it to the as shown.
LCD Turning Sounds Product Locations topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons and then Select Press the arrow buttons and then Press the to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons and then Select Select Sound Select Press Select the Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product Top Product Product Product topic: Product
Product Top (ADF) Edge ADF ADF ADF cover cover
Memory light Memory USB CD/DVD topic: Product Locations
Product topic: Product Locations
Product head topic: Product Locations
Product Selecting Wireless Network From the Touch USB LINE LAN EXT AC topic: Product Locations You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD. The through
or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons and then Press the arrow and then Select You this Select If to the wireless to Ethernet the arrow buttons and instead. Then follow the instructions the to and the necessary software from the CD. The through Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, the arrow buttons and then Other the to as the
wireless (or and then using the Press the arrow to the to the previous or Press the buttons repeatedly to (ABC), lowercase or and To To characters, characters, the OK Confirm the and the OK to them. If to the If to the Press the to The light should flashing. If the light off, selected the or the incorrectly. these to topic: Product
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading the Loading Loading Capacity or You the the the CD/DVD closed. the necessary.
the front cover. the
the top, necessary. the and back the the the and them outward.
of the as shown. the to the of the the fits beneath the top of the the front to the
the the fits beneath the top of the and the back of the the If to the the instructions that section.
the the and the
Loading the or the Follow these of this or inches the and the the If necessary, allow the of to from the topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading You photo and other the the If to the follow the instructions that section first. the CD/DVD ejected. the output necessary.
the front cover. the
the the photo and them outward. the as shown. the fits beneath the top of the the to the of the the fits beneath the top of the
the front to the the the
Loading the and the or the topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading You the of the You this inches
the necessary. the front cover.
the the top, necessary. the and back the
the the and them outward. to the as shown. them and
the to the of the the
the photo and the the back of the If to the the instructions that section. the
Loading Capacity the and the follow these If of each or that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the type to this sheets inches sheets inches
type to this sheets Bright White sheets Quality Self-adhesive sheets Iron-on Cool topic: Loading You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON count Bright White inches S041586 inches S041809 inches S041141 S041649 S042038 S041271
count S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041405 inches S041982 inches S041331 inches S041062 inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041341 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 S042182 S042175 inches S041067 S042180
count Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You inches inches inches inches topic: Loading
or this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Envelope topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top of the facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other and from the of the
the If copying the as shown to the first then the as shown to the the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the them. originals creased or or or other that the
the ADF the ADF outward.
of originals and them to the the originals the ADF and top-edge first.
the ADF the too tightly. topic: the Product Related references (ADF) Specifications Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying the information to or exactly the as Copying Copying Copying Copying Copying Related Copying CD/DVD You or the the to the recommended of Press the necessary. Select Copy You this
Select or B&W To than the or to the to If to the of the arrow buttons to the To of the displayed the LCD the button, and Copy the and then the OK ready to the To topic: Copying Related Copying Copying Copying Related Copying CD/DVD the Related topics Loading the Product
Copying You or black-and-white and of including You the as photo the the to only the recommended of sheets. Press the necessary. Select Copy You this Press the and then Copy/Restore You this
To as On If or this off. or the as shown the LCD them least inch Press the OK to or Press the OK to the LCD of the following: To than of the photo, the or to the to To or photo, the Display/Crop button. If copying than photo, the arrow buttons and the selections Press the OK to You this:
Copying To of the the LCD the and Copy the and then the OK ready to the To topic: Copying Related Copying Copying Copying Related Copying CD/DVD the Related topics Loading the Product Select that matches the loaded.
Copying type Bright White High Quality topic: Copying Related Copying CD/DVD Select the that matches the loaded. You only these inches inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Copying Related Copying CD/DVD
Copying Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option 2-Sided On/Off the to With around the Expands the to the of the Copy originals of or Reduce/Enlarge as the Custom Automatically the to the selected Custom Automatically the the and Automatically from to another other Text text Text that includes and photograph Quality the highest Quality only) the of Direction Top Landscape, Top Landscape,
Copying option or appear the front of the when the the amount of On/Off Automatically the brightness, and of Creates and white of photo topic: Copying Related Copying CD/DVD
From with Selecting or from and its software as the It to to software with with OS or with OS Product Related Checking Software You with as these Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Preset or Selecting topic: From Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the Quality Option that matches and the to Select the Source that where the to the type of as the the type
Select the of the as the You the to Select of the options: If photo, You type and to the If or photo with Select the of or as shown the If To both of the of the 2-Sided of the options. If to the the topic: with You of the basic options to options or other chosen. the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. Red-Eye or
Selecting Advanced Prints first. of topic: Selecting Select the Advanced to the and and Click the Advanced You the advanced
Select the Quality where the to the type of loaded. the type Select the to the the of the loaded. Select to photo, or to or photo with You type and to the Select or as the of or photo. If Landscape Select of the advanced Select of the or off Advanced Quality Advanced topic: with Related or Related or Selecting Double-sided
Advanced Quality Advanced You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with quality. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and and graphics with and RPM the quality, the topic: Selecting Advanced You of the options to options other chosen. Red-Eye or High reduce Edge Smoothing Prints low-resolution such as of Black/Grayscale Prints text and graphics or of topic: Selecting Advanced
Selecting You the the Advanced to the or off software. Brightness and and tones. If the RGB the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM off software the option. You then only software. topic: Selecting Advanced You of and options or photo the
To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and To both of the To of or of the and the options To and their the options. To the of option: To the as the then the necessary) to the amount of
Selecting Double-sided If the option the white photo. To the its without as the To to To or the the or checkboxes. topic: with Related Selecting Double-sided You both of the selecting of the options the You the options or other chosen or the Select of the 2-Sided options the Select to double-sided. Select to first then the to the other (recommended that If to from the Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the To from through the the You this
Double-sided Select the type of The software the options that type. If selected the type, the options to Click OK of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided topic: with You of the options the to Edge Select that the Margin Select options that to allow
Selecting Preset Select option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided the of the options the to the of the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided to of You clicking the the Advanced Click the Shortcuts You the options:
or option to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Checking Click OK or to Checking topic: with this showing the of It allows to and
Selecting To To To topic: or the apply only while that If to the Right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the
You the Click the You the the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting
software automatically to the and firmware. You often the software or this Right-click the the Select You this of the following each type of To often the software the To the the option. Click Apply Click OK to If choose to the to
with OS or Selecting OS topic: with Related Checking Software You with using OS as these Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS or OS Selecting Preferences OS topic: From Select the basic the or to photo or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the
If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded The the of OS and the
Select the and as necessary. If these the them Select the options: and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the options. Quality OS OS topic: with OS or Related or Related Selecting OS or OS
Quality OS OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with quality. with reduced photo Normal and and graphics with and and graphics with and speed. RPM the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected the to the of Grayscale Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white topic: Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, with option.You to You type and to the Select the of or photo as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS or Related references You of options or selecting from the the
Selecting Double-sided OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or horizontally topic: with OS or You both of the selecting Two-sided or from the the
options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided options.
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS or You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided Long-Edge to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the
OS the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting OS You the and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the Select from the the The the the option selected the Select of the and OS
Matching and OS or OS topic: with OS or You from these the and EPSON software, or turn off ColorSync Prints using and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software software. topic: OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking OS Checking OS topic: with OS or the of and Click the when appears the You the
Selecting Preferences OS Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and You this
Preferences OS Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS or You from these the Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or High reduce topic: Selecting Preferences OS
with OS Selecting OS You with using OS as these Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the the or to or Select the command You to the option the or another command.
Select as the Format Select the of the as the If with option.You to You type and to borderlessly. the Select the of or photo as shown the If the To reduce or the of the Click OK to the topic: with OS Related references
Selecting OS Related Selecting OS Select the the or to Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select from the Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related or OS
Quality OS OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with quality. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and and graphics with and RPM the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected the to the of Grayscale Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting OS You options selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
OS options or other chosen or the Select of the Two-sided options. Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the topic: with OS Related Double-sided and OS You the to the or off software.
OS Selecting Preferences OS Select from the the Select of the options. OS topic: with OS You from these the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the the ColorSync Prints using and to match You the and the ColorSync the off software software. topic: OS You from the
Preferences OS or OS Select from the the Select of the Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these options the Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or High reduce quality. topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking OS Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the
Product Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To topic: or OS If to the topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, of these Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning You to buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or With OS with USB to the buttons. Press the necessary. Select Scan The options displayed:
Press the arrow buttons to options, then the Scan to Memory Card memory and the quality, and other Scan to PC directly to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and attaches to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as Scan to PC (WSD) wireless or (English only). To to PC, first to connected to If connected directly to with USB USB If connected to the from the Press the to scanning. Scan to Memory Card
Scan to Memory Card Scan Scan topic: Scan Select the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options Format JPEG JPEG Scan Selects the or A4 Text Selects the type of Photograph Quality Direction Edge the of PDF The Top and Edge Top Edge apply to scanning. topic: Starting Scan the Product You or the when the buttons. You this using the of the following to Click or or Software PDF PDF with Landscape, Top Edge Landscape, Edge
Starting Scan the Scan OS the Applications Software and Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK topic: Starting Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan You Scan with OS You the Scan
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan
Scan from Scanning You Scan from to and the the You Scan with OS and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose it and With WIA option correctly. You the Scan
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Selecting the Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and You based the type of scanning. You options, and and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan
Scanning topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to text using OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the the To Normal instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text
Selecting Scan and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the as necessary.
Scanning Office To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Office Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where Select the and that match Select the to Click the
Selecting Scan Office Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or scanning If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the
Scanning Professional Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan JPEG operating or or it You and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the You this
the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the
Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional
Selecting Scan Professional You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the as necessary.
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the or off.
Scan Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its image-editing Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You the clicking the the Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from and optional the Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the quality. (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the using PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS
Scanning with OS PRINT II or that include PRINT II and the the displays the created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with image-editing You the Scan to with OS such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. You this
Scanning Click Select as necessary. the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. topic: Scanning software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) topic: Scanning
Scanning to PDF Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the
Select PDF as the Select other to the Click OK Scan and this
Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan
Restoring Colors as You Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan You the as them using Scan's Restoration You this of the scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or it If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR You and the text that with processing, spreadsheet, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY You ABBYY to to text OS and using such as Then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the ABBYY OS the www.epson.com/support/lion (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support/lion to learn about to the software. Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS or topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this
Select the the to as the Click the Scan to Other You the Select Select and OK WIA option correctly. You the Select Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning,
Scanning OCR OS or and then the Select and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) You the ABBYY OCR to to the Applications and the ABBYY You this
the From and Select the the to as the Select the type of to Scan the used. Select and Scan and the Scan while to Click to the Scan and necessary. You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR)
Connecting Telephone or these sections to This allows to numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and You to to or If to the telephone to telephone or to using phone If telephone to to the phone to telephone and to the LINE
If telephone included DSL DSL to the to to the or DSL the Telephone DSL DSL If connecting telephone or to using phone the from the EXT.
the phone to telephone or and to the EXT. If and turned the to higher than the of to phone or connected to the EXT. to incoming when the with phone or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: with header and the features to If of to the and the Product the the OS topic:
the Product Selecting Country or these sections to features using the Selecting Country or Selecting the and Information and Characters Selecting and Selecting Communication Reports Restoring Communications topic: faxing, the country or which If the country or to their and them Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons and then Select You this
Selecting the and Press the arrow buttons and then Country/Region Press the arrow buttons, necessary, then country or You If the correct, (If and retry.) the country or the to the topic: the Product faxing, the and phase and choose and Press the necessary.
Press the arrow and then You this Press the arrow buttons and then Daylight Select of the following the winter or Daylight (DST)
Information or and Daylight (DST) selection, to the If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock from to its clock back hour. Select You this the to the to the then OK Select the to the to the AM or PM selected 12-hour then OK You to the topic: the Product faxing, and to the header to the of the Press the necessary.
Press the arrow and then Press the arrow buttons and then You this Select Communication Press the arrow and then Select You this
the to the such as or business You to characters. Press the OK You to the Select You this
and Characters the to to characters. international that of the the Press the OK You to the topic: the Product Follow these to and characters and To text or characters, the the the character or appears. To the the appears. To phone To the to the or previous the or right arrow buttons the LCD To and character to the right, To character and character to the topic: the Product
Selecting and You the and other and outgoing Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons and then Press the arrow and then You this or
Selecting Communication of the Press the OK to topic: the Product You and phone Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow buttons and then Press the arrow and then You this
Reports Select Communication of the Press the OK when topic: the Product You of reports and and You to to or Press the necessary.
Select Press the Press the arrow and then You this Select of the Press the to the topic: the Product
Restoring You to their options, necessary. Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow and then Press the arrow and then You this Select of the
You Select or topic: the Product the options to outgoing and and of and and to the and On Prints the transmitted On Prints the transmitted every the topic: the Product the options to incoming the of the incoming A4
Communications Reduction On of incoming to the of selected as the Prints or sheets, topic: the Product the options to phone DRD If Distinctive Service phone assign or to the and assign to each. If this service, the of as the DRD the of the and phone that this service. ECM On Correction (ECM) to of with off Correction (ECM). V.34 On to to the of The If turned and connected to the this higher than the of to
Detection On Automatically the to when the tone the off tone This connected to phone Branch (PBX) or (TA) Allows to or the the Allows to or the phone the topic: the Product Select the or to or of of the incoming Trace of topic: the Product Select the to
the of the the and Communication the header, and of the network of the the the and of the the topic: the Product You header and the Click or Select or Select Software Select You this
Select You this
Features the OS Select Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the option. topic: You header and using the OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select
and Double-click FAX You this FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the topic: You of them faxing. You to to numbers. these sections to and Speed/Group the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic:
Speed/Group the Product Creating You and the Creating Creating topic: and You of to You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select Press the You this
Select Select You this Select the to the and OK the to the You to characters. Press OK You this
the to the You to characters. Press OK You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing the entry, and the information. To the entry, OK and the topic: Speed/Group the Product You easy reference. Press the necessary.
Press the Press the arrow buttons and then You this Select Press the button to the topic: Speed/Group the Product
Creating You creating include to numbers. You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select Press the You this
Select You this Select the to the and OK the to the You to characters. Press OK You to this:
Select the to to the and to selecting as necessary. finished, OK You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing the entry, and the information. To entry, the entry, OK and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related Creating You easy reference. Press the necessary. Select Press the button. Press the arrow buttons and then
Speed/Group the You this Press the arrow buttons and then Press the to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You and using the The from the and back memory. You to and combined. Click or Select or Select Software Select You this
Select You this
Select Select Dial/Group You this
Select and the To entry, and the To entry, and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, and and OK the previous as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and
Speed/Group the OS You and using the Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX You this Select FAX the Dial/Group You this
To entry, entry. To and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To and and OK the as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and these sections to using from the Product the
from the Product Manually or the OS topic: these sections to the Manually or Selecting from or from Connected Telephone topic: You from manually the or redialing the the faxing. Press the necessary. Select of the following: Press then the to the You to characters.
Press to the Select or B&W black-and-white If and-white. If to the and selecting OK To summary of OK Press the button. Select (ADF) or Press OK selected (ADF) To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product
Selecting from or You from selecting or from the the faxing. Press the necessary. Select Select or Select the or to Select or B&W black-and-white If and-white. If to the button, and selecting OK To summary of OK
from Connected Telephone Press the button. Select (ADF) or Press OK selected (ADF) To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there redialing and the topic: from the Product If connected to the EXT the from the connected telephone. the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select the from the connected telephone. You this You with the the telephone.
or B&W black-and-white If and-white. If to the and selecting OK Press the Select (ADF) or Press OK selected (ADF) To faxing, and to necessary. the telephone. the topic: from the Product the while these
the and and of and art. and to the and Select specify to the You another the or topic: from the Product You from the to and
Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to You to including the cover Click Print. If the first this
the OS information that the of the Then OK to the information. cover input or phone of then Next instructions the FAX Utility, If cover to cover sheet and information, then Next. Click to topic: You from OS the Utility. You to including cover
or faxing. the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the Select the of as the the to Select from the You this
of the following to choose Select or from the and and the Click the and from Select from the You this
Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually topic:
Reception Manually and when reception to If connected telephone to the and to manually. This allows to tone using the and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic: To and automatically, the light to turned or To or off, the If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or If telephone connected, and to that to the LCD displays that topic: You to manually turning off This tone the connected telephone the connected the You this LCD
If hear the active as the Follow the instructions the to the finished, the LCD the Press the OK to the topic:
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card memory of memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly.
Memory Card force the the the The memory light flashes and then memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Removing Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with using
You the following the Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD Card Card Card M+ Card You the following the CompactFlash
Memory Card Specifications Memory Card topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing.
from Memory Card and and If to USB of the following: the Computer or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and from Memory Card Cards from Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product these sections to and displayed LCD and and from Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Screen Selecting Displayed the LCD topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the necessary.
Select Select and You this: Press the arrow buttons to through and the To the LCD the Display/Crop three
Press the to the To than of the photo, the or to the to To or photo, the Display/Crop If Correct: appears the the to with turned To and others the arrow and the selections Press the OK to of the that You this: of the following as necessary: To of the the LCD the and the finished, the OK To of the the and the finished, the OK button. ready to the To topic: and
Related Displayed the LCD Screen Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD Screen Memory Card Removing Memory Card You of the memory or other Press the necessary. Select You this
of the following: Press the to immediately of the this inches To of the or type of with the To than of the the or to the to Press the OK You screen this:
of the following as necessary: To of the displayed the LCD the and the finished, the OK To of the the and the finished, the OK ready to the To topic: and Related Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD Memory Card Removing Memory Card You based the the Press the necessary. Select
Select and You this: Press the and then Select You this Select the Select option. You screen this:
Select shown, then the OK To than of the that the or to the to Then the OK Press the arrow to through If necessary, the or to the of to To or photo, the Display/Crop If Correct: appears the the photo to with turned Press the OK to of the that You this:
and from of the following as necessary: To of the the LCD the and the finished, the OK To of the the and the finished, the OK ready to the To topic: and Related Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD Memory Card Memory Card You as the LCD and the to Press the necessary. Select
Displayed the LCD Screen Displayed the LCD Press the arrow buttons and then To displayed the OK To than of the the or to the to To or photo, the Display/Crop If Correct: appears the the to with turned ready to the To topic: and Related Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD Memory Card Removing Memory Card If to or the LCD the Display/Crop and the options. To the photo, the to the or the to the outward. To the the arrow buttons. To the the To the the OK topic: and You the and appearance of the LCD The only the of the photo, the Press the Select
You this Select Select option the To clear the selecting the OK button. topic: and Related Select the options to when and the LCD
Selecting Displayed the LCD options On the brightness, and of the based the Detection that selected. off below P.I.M. PRINT or Detection the of the option that matches People Night Red-Eye On Automatically the On tone to the or the B&W black-and-white to the or the Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: and You the displayed the LCD
Press the Select You this Select Select option the To clear previously the selecting the OK topic: and Related the to when displayed the LCD options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected
from Memory Card options Expands the to the of the With around the Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the the the Info. On Prints that Text Prints text that Prints location information that built-in GPS On Automatically the to the selected Turns off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: and You or from memory of photo Press the button, necessary.
Select Press the arrow buttons and then You this Press the arrow buttons to of the then the option Press then the that matches the loaded. the selected, this
If the screen of the following: To allow to the the automatically, To the manually, manually and follow the instructions displayed the Press the arrow buttons to the to Press the or to or of each to To other the arrow and the selections then the OK To than of the the or buttons to the to then the OK ready to the To topic: from Memory Card Select the to when or or
Cards Creating and Card Template or photo the or of the ID Prints Prints the of Prints to Prints topic: from Memory Card You memory and own handwritten or and template Then the and cards. Creating and Card Template Card from Template topic: from Memory Card and memory Press the necessary.
Select Select Card You this Select Select and Template then OK Press the arrow buttons to the photo then the OK You this
Card from Template Select then to three or to Select then the type of to Follow the instructions the LCD to and ready to template the topic: Cards Related Card from Template template printed, to and
or to the and the Text and Text Effects. You write hand, and the or the that the this inches or the this inches Select Cards from Template Follow the instructions the LCD to the template facedown the with the facing the back corner.
from Memory Card the cover. To than the or to the to ready to the To necessary. topic: Cards Related Creating and Card Template You containing of the memory Press the necessary. Select Press the arrow buttons and then You this
Memory Card from Memory Card to To of the the LCD the and the Then the OK ready to the To topic: from Memory Card You to and from memory memory from Memory Card to from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory to memory of the memory
from Memory Card to of the following to memory from Select the or OS the Select the Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card You back from memory to connected to the such as USB flash or CD or DVD the of memory of the memory
USB or the USB the USB the front of (such as CD) necessary. Press the necessary. Press the arrow and then
Select Memory Card Follow the instructions the to the from and copying to the the finished, memory and the The each topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card
with Product from from Connected to Product Follow the instructions these sections to with such as smartphone, or other Wireless from from Connected to Product or from USB or Charging USB Product You and from wireless such as smartphone, iPhone, or wireless as the www.epson.com/connect to learn about and the of Download and of the such as and to the wireless that from to topic: with Product If that PictBridge to the and directly from the to JPG and from to the of combinations of type, and supported, and the Connecting and From Selecting from topic: with Product
Connecting and From the turned memory from the the to the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to Turn You this
Selecting from Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the topic: from Connected to Product Related Removing Memory Card Related topics Loading from the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons and then Press the arrow buttons and then You this
Select You this Select the to then the Select and the OK You this
Select the to then the to ready to and topic: from Connected to Product Select the options to when from options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Expands the to the of the With around the or or or photo the or of the ID Prints
options Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white On Prints the the Info. Prints and ISO Text Prints text that Prints location information photo that built-in GPS On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to CD of Selects and outer CDs/DVDs from CD the when from topic: Selecting from Select the options to when from
options On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M PRINT or Detection People the of the option that matches Night Red-Eye On the red-eye On tone to the or the photo B&W black-and-white to the or the Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: Selecting from
or from USB or USB Specifications Connecting and USB or You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product You that these specifications. JPEG with the to to of topic: or from USB or or the turned the of memory from the the to USB or the USB that with to the USB the front of
Charging USB Product (such as CD) necessary. If there the and the OK You and from the LCD the light the then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or Related Memory Card Related topics Loading and You charge or other to the user-supplied USB that to with
with USB Devices that than the of the information. Turn to the USB the front of the while charging to charge You the USB to from to If to the memory instead. memory topic: with Product
Coloring You photo or or or stationery with background. Coloring and Graph You from memory or from or the of these of inches or A4 inches Bright White Press the necessary. Select Coloring
Select and of the following: or facedown the the back corner. Press OK Memory Card memory and OK Press the arrow to the photo to then OK Select the of that loaded. If necessary, the and the OK to the following to the or Detection to the amount of the ready to the To topic: Related Memory Card Related topics Loading
the Product You or with of the background. inches or A4 inches memory memory Press the necessary. Select You this Press the arrow buttons and of the (with or without the loaded. Press the OK You of with the background.
and Graph Press the arrow buttons to through and the to To the Press the OK to the OK To than the or to the to to the To topic: Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You or and
inches or A4 inches Press the necessary. Select Press the arrow buttons and the Thin or the loaded. to the OK To than the or to the to ready to the To topic: Related topics Loading
CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD Follow the instructions to CDs or to CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD Printed CD/DVD CD/DVD the Copying CD/DVD from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD from Memory Card from You of the following to CD/DVD and Copy existing CD/DVD CD/DVD to from memory CD/DVD text and from the CD software that with You to CD or with from memory topic: CDs/DVDs Related Copying CD/DVD from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD from Memory Card You CDs or including If where the to within inch of the to the the or CD software.
or the output the the Press the CD try to the as as
Printed CD/DVD the CD/DVD with the Gently Press the CD to the The CD/DVD the off the with CD or DVD the first. topic: CD/DVD printed, the automatically. to the as as the as shown. Press the CD to the The the
CD/DVD the the the CD/DVD You to to hours the to the type of used. from and sunlight. topic: CDs/DVDs You CD/DVD the and the another CD. the cover.
Copying CD/DVD CD/DVD facedown the of the the cover to topic: You or CD/DVD directly CD or DVD. Press the necessary. Select Copy You this
from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD Press the Select CD/DVD Copy Follow the instructions the LCD to CD/DVD or the If necessary, the and outer of CD as shown the then the OK You this Select of the options shown the then follow the instructions to CD/DVD or Select the then the to topic: Related Loading CD/DVD the CD/DVD the You photo, or selection of from memory directly CD/DVD. Press the button, necessary.
Select You this Press the arrow buttons and then CD/DVD You this Select and the OK Follow the instructions the to or then the OK If necessary, the and of CD as shown the then the OK
from Memory Card You this Select of the options shown the then follow the instructions to CD/DVD or Select the then the to topic: CDs/DVDs Related Loading CD/DVD Memory Card You photo from memory to CD/DVD You of or to the printed, and to Press the necessary. Select You this
Press the arrow buttons and then You this Press the arrow buttons and then of the following: to the of the to thumbnail the Select and type, then the OK Press the arrow buttons to through then the to to
from Press the or to the of then the OK You this If to or the ready to the printed, and following the topic: Related Loading CD/DVD Memory Card directly CDs or from and the CD software as the CD/DVD with CD/DVD with OS topic: Related Loading CD/DVD
CD/DVD with CD/DVD You with the CD software, as these CD/DVD CD/DVD CD/DVD CD/DVD Quality topic: from You CD to and creating effects. the CD You this the buttons the of the to template or background or graphic information, the finished creating topic: CD/DVD with
CD/DVD CD/DVD to then the CD or DVD that or the CD and You this selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the Click topic: CD/DVD with If correctly the the CD/DVD to
CD and You this Select Position Confirmation Click the the from the to the Top and Right to from the of the and the of the Click then You this
CD/DVD Quality Click then the Top the Height and the Right the (Right) Click OK topic: CD/DVD with If smears the and density.This to their the of CD/DVD to CD and You this
CD/DVD with OS Select Confirmation Click the and to to the or the the the Correction to or as necessary. Select the to another then the to further to necessary. the ready to CD or DVD. topic: CD/DVD with Related CD/DVD You with using the CD software, as these
CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS CD/DVD Quality OS topic: from You CD to and creating effects. the CD the Applications Software CD You this the the of the to background or graphic finished creating
CD/DVD OS topic: CD/DVD with OS Related CD/DVD OS to then the CD or DVD that or the CD and You this selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the topic: CD/DVD with OS
CD/DVD OS If correctly the the CD/DVD to CD and You this Select Click the the from the to the Top and Right to from the of the and the of the Select You this
CD/DVD Quality OS Click Entry then the Top the Top and the Right the Right Click OK topic: CD/DVD with OS If smears the and density.This to their the of CD/DVD to CD and You this
Select Click the and to to the or the the Select or the Correction as necessary. Select to another then the to further to necessary. the ready to CD or DVD. topic: CD/DVD with OS Related CD/DVD OS
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of responsibly and with If would to to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges and Cartridges Conserving with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of using LCD Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow and then Select You this:
Checking Cartridge with The which or expended, Displayed Press the OK to topic: Cartridge appears to when and To the the You this
or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS You the of of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select EPSON You this
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge the following as necessary: You the clicking or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase and the within months of them. Standard-capacity High-capacity Black
and Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity Light Light topic: Purchase Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to and the OK
the the head hand; otherwise, the white the the the and the straight to
of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the from the the the the immediately the the head and to the from the of the other or or
the the and clicks Once the that replacing, the
Conserving Black with the the If properly. the then the clicks If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing upside-down. topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges The following appears when and there The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the and Text as the Quality Option Click to of to or to the the
Click this to the If this the software. topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to clean or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You them them unnecessarily. You clean the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the the Press the necessary.
Press the arrow buttons and then Select You this Select You this Press the the this
the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there Press the to
Checking the If there or the Head Cleaning and Press the to clean the head. Select and the to that the head clean. Follow the instructions the to the as necessary. If cleaning the head to the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head You the head or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select You of these
Click the to there the head head cleaning
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning If and the the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head Computer topic: Head Related topics Cartridges You the head the the Press the necessary. Press the arrow and then Select You this
Select Head Cleaning You this Press the to the head. You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, this
Cleaning the Head then the to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related and Cartridges You the head using or the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head Cleaning You of these
Click to the cleaning You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head
Head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to clean the head If cleaning the head to the and least hours.Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related and Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality
the Head the Product You the head the the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons and then You this Select Head You this
Press the to while head You this the and the the each Press the OK when finished. topic: Head
the Head You the head or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head Click Next then to while head You of these
the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Realignment Then another and Click (where to topic: Head
Cleaning the Path If the back of the to of the the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related topics Copying Cartridges Loading
Cleaning and Product Cleaning Product Transporting Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should clean the and front cover when using the to from or thinner to clean the or or other the or Turn off the Disconnect the and connected interface the Clean the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. the ADF cover and lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), to the and the of the ADF. Clean the and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise
the the the head and the from the its this the Turn off the the and to the head the right (the If the the head to then the off the the from its and as shown. the with the
the from the connected the the the its or with cushioning around the the protects the the to the and lock, and the as shown turning If when clean and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software these sections to using Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Right-clicking the the On the the the EPSON topic:
Product Related You often with the its LCD You information and how-to instructions the Press the necessary, the arrows, and then LCD the the then the There with originals the to they correctly and the operation. correctly the The of IP There with the to and The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service The the of their service life. nearing the of its service Communication the connected to and software correctly. Recovery occurred firmware USB and the firmware If this occurred. Turn the off and then back If the occurred the If the and the tone detected. the phone connected correctly and the If connected the to PBX Branch or off the Detection or the On as instructed the
Product LCD occurred while to USB the displayed and XXXXX topic: Related the Product the the the Where to Related topics Loading the Product Network operating properly. interface connected to the Press the necessary. Press the arrow and then Select You this
Select You this Press the the this
the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the clean or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow buttons and then
Press the arrow and then You this Select of these the and Communication the header, and network You Select to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic: Check these sections while Software topic:
Software If hear from these The first the its head. finishes turn off the or improperly and the it finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If Turn off the then the and the as shown below. then the back to clear the topic: Related topics Cartridges If while software, try these turned and the USB securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the
Network Product to Wireless Router or If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related If the these To LCD text To the of the or topic: Related LCD these or Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or these to within of router or
Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS microwave or such as that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC network Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless network manually. If router or security the of security using and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. topic: Network If try these turned and connected to If necessary, software and topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network
Network Scan Network If these that turned software as sheet and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP using DHCP, the IP manually. and both using the wireless If and the strength. If it to router or or such as If the EpsonNet and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Network Sheet If Scan these If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to Scan You to the firewall and software wireless router or
Network Scan OS or topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of Press the necessary. Press the arrow and then Select You this Select Confirm Press the Press the to the network (Select to the operation.) the shown the to topic: Network
Copying Product Nothing Product It While these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the On light software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying Check these sections with the Product the the the Ejection topic:
the Product If feeding these If from the the right then the the the the the If once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of sheets. If when both of the try sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with punched Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the Product the the the Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If that the these the from necessary. Follow the instructions the LCD to clear the the and
the white the back the to the cover the and
Reattach and the cover the the Press the to If the other follow instructions when topic: Related the the the
the If that the these the the
the the follow instructions when the
Press the to If with these Turn off the and from the the the the front cover.
Turn the the and beneath. the front and the
the Press the to If the other topic: Related the Product the the If that the these the from necessary. off when the of these Follow the instructions the LCD to clear the Press the buttons to release the and the from Press the the cover and the cover.
from the
the the using the the
Press the buttons the as Press the to If the other topic: Related the Product
the the the If with the (ADF), try these originals from the ADF. the ADF cover.
the ADF without the cover or the ADF. the ADF cover then the cover.
the cover, the ADF cover, and the ADF its the originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD screen to clear topic: Related the Product the the
Ejection from Nothing Prints If with properly, try these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related the Product the the the or Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both
Product Appear If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and Preferences Click the Click the Click the Preferences button.
Cartridge Click the Shortcut Click OK to the topic: from If light or this and the replaced, to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the and the following High RAW
and Inverted as topic: from Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when
Too topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS that the or software topic: and If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints If incorrect try these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected with option software. the to the amount of the of topic: and Related references Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Selecting OS Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: interface securely connected both clear from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the try these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS
Printout Quality White or Printout Selecting OS Related topics Loading If try these the the of the Select higher software. topic: and Related Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Selecting OS these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: Related topics Scanned Quality If white or these Clean the head. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the facedown the
Blurry or Smeared Printout Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Advanced Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Cartridges If or smeared, these curled, or the (the should facedown). sheet with or the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Drying Clean the head.
Printout or Printout the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Path Selecting Double-sided Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting Double-sided OS Related topics Loading If or these Clean the head. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or the (the should facedown). Clean the path.
Printout topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Cartridges Loading If these the of the facedown the Select higher and off high software. Clean the head. the head. You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Related Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading
Incorrect Colors Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. Clean the head. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related Selecting Advanced OS OS Related topics Cartridges these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, try these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software.
Scan Scanned Quality If operating software, Scan OS topic: Scanning Related If Scan, these and interface securely connected both Scan selected such as or If and Scan. If operating Scan, try Scan OS topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too
Consists of of Appears Scanned of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: Related topics Quality If consists only of these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Professional Related topics the Product If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product
Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or blurry, try these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If scanning thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these Scan and
of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Brightness the and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and Check the matching and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Correction
Scan Scanned Edges Cropped Memory Card the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, try these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these using memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card topic:
Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory these only memory memory with the the memory the If too memory the or prompted to of the of or of the memory the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications If to or from memory these memory memory with the securely connected to If to the memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the
or If that the to allow write the topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related topics Memory Card these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or try these the turned and correctly turned to automatically. to this turned that the to LINE or software to the that the telephone phone to and testing If connected to DSL DSL to the to the DSL the If off V.34 and ECM Correction and
with Telephone Connected to Product to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software If connected to phone that to that when If includes services, or received service. topic: Related Automatically Connecting Telephone or Reports Selecting Related topics Loading telephone connected to EXT that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to
Uninstalling Product Software OS Turn off the interface Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow instructions. the of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: or Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the Uninstall from the to software as If that software To the Uninstall the U.S. or
Where to the of the currently the Applications Software Double-click the Uninstall Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following options. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM,
AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these operating Microsoft XP Professional Edition XP SP1 or higher
Specifications Scanning Specifications www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications front Approximately to to capacity topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective inches Scanning US or A4
(ADF) Specifications Specifications to and internal Light LED topic: Technical Specifications input Facedown US or A4 type to feeding thickness: inch topic: Technical Specifications type Black-and-white and Household to to internal Approximately (US or A4) or sheets
Specifications correction CCITU/ITU with correction to (combined) to (ITU-T chart memory (with Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity: to RH Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Photo: RJ-11 Telephone
Specifications Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness to inch to to inches to topic: Technical Specifications the expanded A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
sheets inch inch Right: inch inch
inch inch Top: inch Right: inch CD/DVDs inch inch outer
Cartridge Specifications inch inch outer the clear of to the with topic: Technical Specifications that and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Light Light Cartridge months Unopened the the
Memory Card Specifications to to within months of the This function or performance. topic: Technical Specifications Related references Cartridge Cards with month thaws and hours
CompactFlash Compatible DCF DCF or Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD Card Card Card Card
Specifications Specifications topic: Technical Specifications Related Memory Card Specifications inches inches (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to to Rated Rated to copying (ISO/IEC24712) to Ready topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches off
Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications to to Humidity to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB computers) the of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications with AC that USB recommended. CD-R 700MB capacity DVD-R 4.7GB 1.3GB and USB flash 2TB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or to to month USB PictBridge-compliant CD-RW DVD-RW, DVD+R, and DVD+RW
Network Interface Specifications and Specifications topic: Technical Specifications Wireless LAN IEEE security WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES) WPA2 Communication 100BASE-TX/10BASE-T Ethernet LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Inc. SP88W8786-MD0-2C2T00 This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the WEP EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products FCC Compliance Software Notices Copyright Notice United States This with of the FCC and the the ACTA. On the back that other information, the FCC and the (REN) this You this information to telephone The information associated with the services the to connected REN: 0.1B, type: RJ-11C. The REN to the of that to telephone and of those when called. areas, the of the of connected to should To of the of that to to telephone to the REN products July the REN this of the that the US: BKMFA01BC431A. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the This service the telephone to to Should this to the telephone the telephone service temporarily. If they that temporary of service required. advanced isnt the telephone as as You of right to with the FCC. The its operations or procedures that the functioning of If they to opportunity to telephone service.
This to repaired. If with this please Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: The that this from the the corrected or that the malfunctioning. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and adopted the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or to this information follow the instructions header information. According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide If specially wired connected to the the of this C431A If about what telephone or This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver.
Software Notices the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the This Class with ICES-003. (IES) interface tous NMB-003 topic: Notices OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the terms of each software the of the GPL LGPL and Apple Source (each Section years the of of this If to the please You with the terms of each software
The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written The of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL module-init-tools-1.60.9
GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL Apple Source This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its ("Apple Source Apple Source This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD
module-init-tools-1.60.9 RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC The of RPC This includes the software which the and owner of the copyright to the The of TCP Wrappers This includes the software "TCP Wrappers" which the and of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". "TCP Wrappers"
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the
ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the terms and of the copyright to the "ARC4". "ARC4" ARC4 This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software "MD5" which the and of the copyright to the MD5 MD5 MD5 This includes the software "AES" which the and of the copyright to the "AES". "AES" AES This includes the software "SHA1" which the terms and owner of the copyright to the "AES". "SHA1" SHA1 topic: Notices and and of Corporation.
Copyright Notice SM service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when using While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of The the factory to that the of efficiency, and the topic: Copyright Notice Inc.
CPD-34223 topic: Copyright Notice