and Scanning CX5800F CX5800F
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and copying or of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when and and and of Corporation. and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. USB DIRECT-PRINT and the USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights DPOF of CANON INC., Company, and SD Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, and Memory PRO of Corporation. Card of Co.,Ltd. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Copyright Notice of Copyrighted
Introduction CX5800F all-in-one as the turn to: of or memory directly from or from or Scan or including restoring as This to of these things without turning CX5800F when to or instructions, the on-screen selecting the Please follow these as CX5800F instructions: Warning: to injury. to to Notes information about CX5800F. hints copying, scanning, and faxing. Introduction
Selecting If to the CX5800F other than English, follow these Press the On to the CX5800F, or the this: Press the You this Press the or or the the to this option: Press the OK You this: Press the or as to or English Press the OK Press the to the first Introduction PM 1.English
Loading Follow the to CX5800F the and then the the Then the to the the the right first, beneath the and arrow The often whiter or brighter than the other Narrow Loading
You to sheets of or to sheets of the other types. The type of choose affects the to the If or rough of the to of the the of the too tightly). Then the back. the thickness to the Loading
Copying or Follow the instructions this section to: photo or correctly the below) of photo or the the the cover and face-down the the corner. about inch from the top and of it copied. the cover the the where and heavy top of the CX5800F the about inch from the top and to Copying or
If to or thick or the cover. and straight If to the while or too and to force the cover, and You the cover. the cover the back the Copying or
Copying You 11-inch) or 6-inch, or 7-inch Copying Press the On to the CX5800F. You this: the the as to the cover. to sheets of Press the Copy You this If reduced or to the to the Copy The to this: To to the the The shows the select. If to the of selected, the Cancel/Back To Copy the Press the type to The light which type selected. Press the to To the To and white the B&W appears the and the CX5800F If to copying, the that printed; to the The exactly the as the Copying or PM
Copying Press the On to the CX5800F. You this: the the as to the cover. to of 6-inch, or 7-inch Press the Copy You this If without white the Copy to to (If with 0.12-inch The to this: To to the the The shows the select. If to the of selected, the To Copy the Press the type to Press the to or To the To and white the B&W appears the and the CX5800F copying. If to copying, the that printed; to the The exactly the as the of to the from the every sheets or Copying or PM
Copying If to and high The reduced, the Press the Copy You this Press the type to Press the to the then the (to or the B&W (to and white). or B/W appears the release both buttons. Copying or
Copying or
From Memory Card or The CX5800F directly from memory memory the CX5800F and ready to If DPOF Format), the to while the the Then, when the the CX5800F, which to and of each. If PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT JPEG directly to CX5800F. from to these Compatible Cards and the Card Sheet to Select or DPOF From instructions copying memory CX5800F and or other the From Memory Card or
Compatible Cards and You the following of with CX5800F: Memory light The CX5800F that the following DCF or JPEG, DOS FAT (FAT or with DCF or to of to DCF the From Memory Card or Right Supports of Right CompactFlash Memory Memory Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory SD Card Card* Card
the Card the CX5800F turned directly from memory the CX5800F to (or turned off). the memory the memory light off and that of the Then the The memory light flashes and then the memory which to the the using DPOF Memory light From Memory Card or Right
or DPOF Follow the below to of each photo the or to those that pre-selected with DPOF the memory to sheets of or to of photo You as to Press the Memory Card repeatedly, the something this. If the memory DPOF information, of the the printed. Select or (whichever loaded). If the with white If the to the of the Select or the Press the OK to If to the Cancel/Back the memory it straight of its From Memory Card or
From If PictBridge- or USB DIRECT-PRINT JPEG connecting directly to CX5800F. from to CX5800F from memory from the the type of to enough sheets the of Select or (whichever loaded). If the to the of the Select or the the USB that with to the USB the front of CX5800F. Turn and the to Then and as finished, and from the USB (You the CX5800F other while connected.) the compatibility of the CX5800F and of type, and supported. of reflected the From Memory Card or
From This section the basic photo or or instructions the on-screen software and connected the CX5800F to as the to the right and the type the Follow the instructions these (below) With OS X the photo or the and You this Select EPSON CX5800F From Click to software
EPSON CX5800F selected, then the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the On the the Select the type of (choose or Select Select Click choosing choose the the information about the or From Click options Select
the Advanced Then the following as necessary: Select Quality as Select as information about advanced or instructions them as them or If to the the and as necessary. Click OK to then OK or to This appears and shows the of (To choose ICM first) Click to this Advanced each From or
With OS If using OS follow the below to the photo or the and the following choose the option the US or Click OK to the the and You this From Select CX5800F Select Select or Select CX5800F Select
Choose from the and the following as necessary: information about the choose these other options from the Select the of or (OS or only): as PDF OS the PDF instead. to Select such as or ColorSync or ColorSync or the the or turn off the software. (OS only): or or the Summary: of selections. From Select or Black Select higher or Select
Click the Advanced to information advanced or instructions them as them Click To the of the when appears the the of If using OS the instead, then CX5800F the You this: finished, the or From Select the Select Quality and other options as
You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Bright White inches) S041586 inches S041808/S041727 inches S041934 inches) S041331 inches S041809 Heavyweight inches S041467 Double-Sided inches) S041568 Quality inches) S041062 Select the or software: this Select this or Bright White Paper/Bright White Heavyweight Double-Sided Quality Envelope inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286/S041667 inches) S041935 inches) S041141/S041649/ S041272/S041271 inches) S041257 inches) S041067 A4 inches) S041061 Heavyweight From
From
or CX5800F all-in-one or selecting from You the header information, and and send/receive You CX5800F to or to them only when confirmed that these Connecting or below Features information and selecting the Connecting or If connecting the CX5800F to and telephone or to the to follow these the leading from the to the LINE of another phone to the telephone or the other of the to the EXT the back of the CX5800F. or LINE USB EXT.
You to CX5800F to manually. or to header, and of numbers. Creating Information Press the once to The lights and this Press the You this Press the or or the the to this option: Press the OK You this Press the OK The the Press the the to to of header information. the to the to or lowercase), the to and Press repeatedly to first the and then the and lowercase as indicated the Then or the to to the character finished, the to to If to character to the the to the character and Press the to the to the right. Press the OK You to the Press the or or the the to this option: Press the OK button. You this (to the month, and or MM:DD:YY
Press the the to the You the to Press the OK You this (to the hour and Press the the to the 12-hour You the to Press the OK You this Press the or the the to AM or PM Press the OK You to the If to the header, the or or the the to this option: Press the OK The the Press the the to You the to and the characters and to Press the OK Press the Cancel/Back to the first Selecting the to and the to the of loaded. the Reduction to the the section or HH:MM AM AM PM
Selecting CX5800F to and the below. information about the and A4 Reduction On On On B&W/Color B&W DRD ECM: On/Off On or Indicates the of the the CX5800F Indicates whether received reduced to the selected or their sheets. Indicates whether or when the CX5800F outgoing Select to off On to reports when or On to reports every Indicates whether and white or the or and white If to that and white, and the to B&W/Color and the Indicates the type of phone to which connected the CX5800F. Indicates the type of to to You phone to to option other than Indicates whether Correction to of that received with
and V.34: On/Off On to or To the follow these Press the once to The lights and this Press the You this If to the Reduction or the or button, or the the to this option: Press the OK You this Press the or or the or the to of these options: Reduction Then the OK Press the or the option displayed, then the OK to and to other finished, the to to the 4.Scan If to the DRD ECM V.34 or to the or or the the to this option: Press the OK You this Indicates the which On and Indicates the of that the CX5800F or 1.Select 4.Scan 5.Communication Ton
To the OK and to To another Communication the or or the or the to of these options: 2.DRD 3.ECM: On/Off 4.V.34: On/Off to Then the OK Press the or the option displayed, then the OK to and to other finished, the to to the first You of to them faxing. You to the and the Press the once to The lights and this Press the You this Press the or or the the to this option: Press the OK You this Press the OK You this Press the OK The displays Telephone then Press the the to the of the first entry. You the to and the characters and to or 1.Select Entry
If to character to the the to the character and Press the to the to the right. Press the OK The displays then Press the the to the to characters). the to the to or lowercase), the to and Press repeatedly to first the and then the and lowercase as indicated the Then or the to to the character finished, the to to If to character to the the to the character and Press the to the to the right. Press the OK You this indicating the If to another through finished, the Cancel/Back to to the Editing or Entry To entry, the OK Then the or or the the to this option: Press the OK You the first and displayed. Press the OK to this entry, or the or to and the OK or Office Entry
The phone the selected displayed. Press the to to the to Press the to to or the to to the finished, the OK The the selected displayed. the the as finished, the OK to to the Entry Press the Cancel/Back to to the To entry, the OK Then the or or the the to this option: Press the OK You the first (such as and displayed. Press the OK to this entry, or the or to and the OK to Press the Cancel/Back to to the first Press the You this Press the or or the the to this option: Press the OK You this Press OK to the or Entry
or photo the as Then manually redialing the previous or selecting from Manually or Press the once to The lights and this Press the the to the You the to and the characters and to If to character to the the to the character and Press the to the to the right. If to the used, the instead of The appears the To black-and-white the B&W To the (If the to B&W the and white. You this faxing: If to the button. scanned, this If to another the The CX5800F the and If the or there other and the CX5800F to the first The CX5800F the the or and and or Scanning another
If to another the the cover, first and the cover. Then the OK to the this to the If or that the memory the CX5800F and It then to another The finished. Press the once to The lights and this Press the You this Press the OK You the first or from displayed. To to the first the OK Then to To the or to the entry, or the that to the Press the OK then to To black-and-white the B&W To the (If the to B&W the and white. You this faxing: If to the scanned, this If to another the The CX5800F the and If the or there other and the CX5800F to the first The CX5800F the the or and and or Scanning another
If to another the the cover, first and the cover. Then the OK to the this to the necessary If or that the memory the CX5800F and It then to another The finished. The CX5800F and to manually connected the CX5800F and phone or to phone that Then tone from the and the CX5800F to the or allow to the incoming selected the that matches the of loaded. If the incoming than the loaded, the reduced to or the Reduction select. Selecting the The CX5800F whether or the first To the the The or the first Press to it back. You the of that the CX5800F the to or PM Y: turned PM N: off
the CX5800F with turned the appears the the CX5800F the connected phone Once the phone to that the the B&W or to the The appears the the CX5800F the the finished, the Complete If of the and the OK If other or
Scanning or You CX5800F all-in-one to or and or other You photographs as The EPSON Scan software three of and easily and and options of Professional and manually with of tools. Scanning You from applicationsuch as ArcSoft PhotoImpression using EPSON Scan. EPSON Scan directly from and to the cover and face-down the the corner. about inch from the top and of scanned. the about inch from the top and to Scanning or
If to thick the cover. the cover the of the following to EPSON Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications If from Then the choose or and EPSON CX5700F/CX5800F You the EPSON Scan If the the right to the Scan If to as the If or Professional EPSON Scan (You the using the the right corner. the on-screen You the Choose the location where to and type the Select the Format Click OK The and its Scanning or
Restoring You or with true-to-life and sharpness as the Restoration option EPSON Scans Home, and Professional Click the to the Restoration checkbox, OK and Scan to the Restoration and Scan or Professional or information about the on-screen You the EPSON Scan information about the Professional to the to the Restoration and Scan Scanning or
Scanning or
CX5800F If follow the instructions this chapter Checking the Head (below) Cleaning the Head Checking the Cartridges Checking the Head If or them, of the the head clogged. Follow the below to the head using the the sheet Press the On to turn the CX5800F, or the this: Press the You this Press the or or the the to this option: Press the OK The CX5800F this: head to cleaned: head to cleaned: CX5800F PM
Press the Cancel/Back to to the first If the cleaning the head as the You the head software when the CX5800F connected to the instructions. Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or light or to clean the head. This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. head cleaning and the that the head to cleaned. If the the head. this the OK and the first. Press the On to the CX5800F, or the this: Press the You this Press the or button, or the the to this option: Press the OK The CX5800F head cleaning and the Cleaning appears the off the CX5800F while head cleaning You the to 4.Head Cleaning to that the head clean. If there or or the another cleaning and the CX5800F PM 4.Head Cleaning
If cleaning the head four or off the CX5800F and overnight. This Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. If CX5800F to least once month to Checking the You the of using the Press the On to the CX5800F, or the this: Press the You this Press the or or the the to this option: Press the OK You this: If or this: Press the OK or to to the first If to You the software when the CX5800F connected to the instructions. CX5800F PM C:50% M:50% Y:50 M:50%
Cartridges If this the or this the to or You when empty. or when from You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please these when or purchase the obtained or the the head that The of other products and based printed, type, of and The with and of the from the first the CX5800F Black T060120 T060220 T060320 T060420
Press the On to the CX5800F, or the Cancel/Back this: Press the button. You this Press the or or the the to this option: Press the OK that the closed, then the the when the cover the head hand; this the CX5800F. Cartridge from the to the cover, then the the back of the and straight of the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with CX5800F PM
the four or Then from the or tear the the otherwise, the the front of the This the the the and clicks other that to replaced. the cover and clicks CX5800F
the Press the OK The CX5800F charging and Charging appears the Charging about finished, Cartridge appears the off the CX5800F while Charging appears the or If the the correctly. Press the OK and the clicks Press the to the first OK CX5800F
CX5800F
If with CX5800F the the to the You and troubleshooting or the these (below) and Where To and the then the OK Press the OK hand. Yellow, Press the OK to Press the OK to Press the OK to or the and the OK to instructions clearing the or of the indicated purchase and instructions. or of the indicated instructions. or incorrectly. instructions.
and Black] Cartridge necessary. Press the OK to memory memory that the CX5800F. the incompatible memory memory The memory of and types. or incorrectly. Correct the and try selected or incorrectly. Select correctly and Memory match the or and You the using the B&W to that and white. the the B&W button. You to and white. thickness The thickness to the If or B&W to the to the that the CX5800F instructions. correctly. the top of the sheet with the of the the or the includes than the correctly, and The match the the memory the and the to the sheet or the the
and thickness The thickness to the If of or B&W to If the to the Service required. CX5800F to replaced. authorized servicer or or and service necessary. and the below CX5800F. Copying the top of the inch from the to first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the There with the CX5800F. Turn off and then back If the clear, authorized servicer or
If the phone connected correctly and that the phone connecting to that turned and If loaded, the phone connected correctly, and the phone To the first If the nothing the too the to the If connected the CX5800F to DSL DSL to the or to DSL the necessary If phone or other off the ECM Correction and If feed, from the through the to the Then the the right and the the too tightly). the front of the too once to of or sheets of the information. If the Follow these to clear the Press the OK to the If the ejected, to the If the the or If the the CX5800F, the On to off. the and including torn however; this the sheet the then the CX5800F back
Quality If with the or try these the the and the CX5800F or the (usually the whiter, or isnt or curled. with or from the output as they printed. the type of matches the and type the or software. the and the thickness to the types. If the to the If light or or they too to the head. This the they properly. to the head cleaning. Clean the head. If to the head. instructions. The or instructions If appears the the with cloth recommended), or amount of cloth, necessary. Dont directly the
Where To technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services To to technical representative, U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product CX5800F) Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Other Software Technical Support: Software Telephone/Fax and ArcSoft PhotoImpression AM PM of services hours To these services, tone and SoundAdvice SM this to the CX5800F SoundAdvice. www.arcsoft.com
Notices Instructions using CX5800F and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the CX5800F. the type of indicated the CX5800F only the that with the CX5800F. of another fires or shock. the with other the CX5800F outlet where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the CX5800F, the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the CX5800F or the CX5800F or through the the CX5800F or heating or sunlight. the CX5800F that its It properly or the back of the CX5800F least inches from the the section while the CX5800F copying, or scanning. the CX5800F. Notices
as specifically to service the CX5800F yourself. the CX5800F and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the CX5800F, its or otherwise from the Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the CX5800F or immediately Leaving the head and the CX5800F from If the supply from and and the as the CX5800F. that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding Telephone Instructions telephone should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and injury, including the following: the CX5800F near There of shock from telephone to the of the To reduce the of fire, AWG or cord. Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C271A ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Notices
FCC United States This with of the FCC On the back that other information, the FCC and the (REN) this You this information to telephone The information associated with the services the to connected REN: BKMOT00BC271A type: RJ11 The REN to the of that to telephone and of those when telephone called. areas, the of the of to should To of the of that to to telephone to the REN products July the REN this of the that the US: BKMOT00C271A. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the This service the to to Should this to the telephone the telephone service temporarily. If they that temporary of service required. isnt the as as You of right to with the FCC. The its operations or procedures that the functioning of If they to to service. This to repaired. If with this please America, Inc. Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: The that this from the the corrected or that the malfunctioning. Notices
and to this to the and telephone with the FCC and the ACTA. and with this It to connected to that instructions The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or to this information follow the instructions Creating Information According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this C271A If about what telephone or This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician Notices
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of only to the that the of the of the (IES) interface interface tous This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Inc., Warranty What America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality, and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers only the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or to the its from or boards or warranty service should the SM Notices
or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: Inc., P.O. CA Notices