WorkForce WP-4520/WP-4533
WorkForce WP-4520/WP-4533 to the WorkForce WP-4520/WP-4533
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the basic of from the this the instructions the the Product Locations Two-Sided Scanning, and Selecting Wireless Network From the Wireless from EPSON these sections to the and Lights LCD Turning Sounds topic: Product WP-4520
WP-4533 The light The The The Scan The Copy The The LCD
LCD Turning Sounds The arrow buttons The OK The The The light The The The The The The The B&W The topic: the You the the LCD Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK Press the Copy to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK
Product Locations Path Select Sound and the OK Select the and the OK Press the Copy to topic: the these sections to the Path topic: Product Edge
Edge MP Rear MP (ADF) cover Edge topic: Product Locations
Parts cover USB topic: Product Locations
cover head topic: Product Locations
Two-Sided Scanning, and LINE EXT USB Ethernet LAN AC topic: Product Locations You both of the automatically, using the built-in the (ADF), and these inches and A4 inches To both of the from 2-Sided or of the Two-sided OS X).
Selecting Wireless Network From the To the ADF, the Scan then the button. Select Scan Scanning If the EPSON Scan software, ADF Double-sided as the Source (Office or Professional only). To the ADF, the Copy then the button. Select and Copy then of the 2-Sided Copying To the ADF, the then the Select 2-Sided topic: Product Related Copying Scan to USB Related Selecting Double-sided Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting Double-sided OS the Scanning Office Scanning Professional You or wireless using (WorkForce WP-4533). To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD. The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that own or and network and Press the and the OK
Select and the OK button. You this Select and the OK If to the wireless to Ethernet instead. Then follow the instructions the to wired and the software from the CD. The through Select the of wireless (SSID) or the manually. To the wireless manually, Other and the OK the displayed to as the
wireless (or network and then the displayed If (ABC) or lowercase them correctly. Press the arrow to highlight character or function the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight option and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK Confirm the and the OK to them. If to the If to and the Press the Copy to The light should flashing.
Wireless from EPSON If the light off, selected the (SSID) or the incorrectly. these to try topic: Product You and from smartphones or such as iPhones, and (WorkForce WP-4533). wireless as the www.epson.com/connect to learn about and the of to the wireless that from to EPSON topic: Product With EPSON Print, from that such as smartphone, or assigned to EPSON to to with to as the If already when software, www.epson.com/connect to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options EPSON account. topic: Product
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading the Rear MP Loading Loading Capacity EPSON or the Each Source Additional the Optional You inches A4 inches and inches the the necessary.
the the outward. If the to the
of the as shown.
the the too tightly. the fits beneath the top of the and sticking from the of the
To feeding too the Gently the the and the
Loading the Rear MP If or the or the topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Rear MP Loading You of and the and the If or the
the MP the then the outward.
or and first, the of the If of the sheets first and the to the To feeding too the the the too tightly. follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which or top first. the arrow the the instructions.
Loading You with the MP The of the following inches A4 inches or inches The within inch of the of the topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading You this the and the
the MP the then the outward.
first and with the facing the of the the the too tightly. follow these If of each or If when that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the Rear MP
Loading Capacity type Loading Loading MP EPSON Bright White sheets EPSON Thick to sheets inches and A4 EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Brochure Double-sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON inches inches two-sided sheets two-sided
EPSON type Loading Loading MP topic: Loading You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON count EPSON Bright White inches S041586 EPSON Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided EPSON inches S041062 EPSON inches S041467 inches S041257 EPSON inches S041568 Double-sided EPSON inches S041341 EPSON inches S041809 inches S041067 S042180 inches S041141 S041649 S042038 S041271
or Sheet count EPSON inches S041808 S041727 EPSON inches S042181 S042174 EPSON inches S041982 inches S041331 topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White EPSON Bright White EPSON inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175
the Each Source the Source this Select this or EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON Brochure EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Envelope to Thick-Paper topic: Loading You the each using the or software. The apply to to the the Source the Each Source the Each Source OS topic: Loading You the each the the Press the Select and the OK Loaded and the OK You this
the Source Select the to and the OK Select the and the OK Select Notice and the OK Select the to from with the If choose and to with the the the the and Press the Copy to topic: the Each Source You the each of the following: Click and and Right-click and Click and Click and Sound right-click and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and
Click the Optional Click You this Select the each as the If match of the the MP Others If the
the Source OS If the software to to with the the Notice If Notice the from with the If this option off and to with the the the the and Click Apply the the topic: the Source You the each OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and or Select Click the You this
Additional Select the each as the Loaded If match of the the rear MP Others If the software to to with the the Notice If Notice the from with the If this option off and to with the the the the and Click Apply the topic: the Source or copying these options to correctly.
the Optional Press the Select and the OK You this Select of the following: Thick and the OK to Select then choose or and the OK to increase when Press the Copy to topic: Loading You the optional to capacity. Turn off the and the and connected To shock, the cord. the from its and where to the
the as shown, then the the and correctly. the and and the Turn the topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product
the Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. the ADF the too tightly. If the Copy the originals as shown:
topic: the Product
Related (ADF) Specifications Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or using exactly the as Copying or Copying Copying Copying Related Copying Copying Copying Related topics the Product Loading You or and of including or photo the or the ADF. the to Press the Copy You this
Copying To than the or arrow buttons to the to If to the of the or right arrow to the To of the displayed the LCD the and Copy the OK and the ready to of the buttons. To the button. topic: Copying that matches the loaded. type EPSON Bright White EPSON
Copying Copying type EPSON EPSON EPSON High Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON topic: Copying Select the that matches the loaded. inches inches inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Copying Select the copying options to Not options or other copying
Copying option 2-Sided Copying 1>1-Sided the and ADF to 2>1-Sided 2>2-Sided Copying On the of With around the Copy originals Reduce/Enlarge Custom Automatically the the as the Custom Automatically the to the selected and Automatically from to another other Quality Quality the highest the of originals when 2>1-Sided or 1>2-Sided selected) Direction the of originals (only when selected) Top Margin Edge the of when selected) Top Edge topic: Copying
From with Selecting or from and its software as the If it to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS or with OS Product Related Checking Software You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting or Selecting topic: From the the or photo to photo or
Select the command You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of the Source that where the to Select the of the as the You the to
Select the of If Select the type of as the the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To sheet of or of of the the and the options To and their the To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White Source Quality topic: with Related or Related Selecting Double-sided or
Source Quality You of the options the Source to from that Select Automatically selects the based the selected Rear MP Selects the the rear MP as the Selects the as the Selects the as the If the option topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the the topic: Selecting You of the options the to
Selecting Double-sided and Prints or of Click the to and Prints sheets of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting the the these inches and A4 inches options pre-selected or other chosen or the Select the 2-Sided If the selected, of the following: Select the to the to manually and the to the other (recommended that Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the You this
Double-sided Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If selected the type, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the topic: with You of the options the to Edge Select that the Margin Select options that to allow Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided
Selecting Additional and the of the options the to the of the of Increased Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided You of and options or photo the More
Custom Correction To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or photo as the and the of as the Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. To to of the Additional options to Custom Correction Additional topic: with Related or You of the options the Correction to the
Brightness and and tones. If the RGB the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM off software software.
Additional Selecting topic: Selecting Additional and You of the Additional options to options selected or other chosen. Prints the rotated from its High reduce the to right. Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or red-eye topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More You the options the
or option to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Selecting Click OK or to topic: with the apply only while that If to the Right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the Select You the Click the
You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the and firmware. You often the software or this Right-click the the Select You this:
with OS or of the following each type of To often the software the every To the the option. Click Apply Click OK to If choose to the to topic: with Related Checking Software Updates You with OS as these Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Printed OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS or OS Selecting Preferences OS topic: From Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the options: and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Select the type of as the the type Select the Quality to Select of the options. Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS or Related or Related Selecting OS or OS
Source OS Quality OS You of the options the Source to from that Select Automatically selects the based the selected Rear MP Selects the the MP as the Selects the as the Selects the as the If the option topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high quality. Quality the the topic: Selecting OS
OS Selecting OS Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. Prints text and graphics or of the to right. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the You to Select the of or photo as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS or You of options or photo selecting from the the
Printed OS To of the of the Sheet To the of the Direction To around each the from the To the the topic: with OS or You the of the as selecting from the the
Selecting Double-sided OS To only selected option from the to To the which printed, option from the To the to the to and from the Destination topic: with OS or You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
options pre-selected or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided Select the type of as the The software the options that type.
and OS OS If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS or You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting OS You the Matching and to the or turn off software. Select Matching from the the Select of the
Matching and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Select of the Matching and OS topic: with OS or You from these the and EPSON software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the the the and sharpness of
or OS sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. Red-Eye or Turns off software software. topic: OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS
Checking OS Selecting Preferences OS topic: with OS or the of and Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or OS You that apply to the to
Preferences OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and You this Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS or You from these the Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or
with OS Selecting OS when Paper/Bright White as the or High reduce topic: Selecting Preferences OS You with OS as these Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Printed OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the the or to photo or the You to the option the or another command.
Selecting OS Select as the Format Select the of the as the You to Select the of or as shown the If the To reduce or the of the Click OK to the topic: with OS Related Selecting OS the basic the or photo to
Select the You to the option the or another command. as the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select from the Select the Source that where the to Select the type of as the the type Select the Quality to Select of the Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related or OS
Source OS Quality OS You of the options the Source to from that Select selects the based the selected Rear MP Selects the the MP as the Selects the as the Selects the as the If the option topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. fast with reduced quality. Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the the topic: Selecting OS
OS Selecting OS Printed OS You of the options to options other chosen. Prints text and graphics or of the to right. topic: Selecting OS You options selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the topic: with OS You the of the as selecting from the the
Selecting Double-sided OS To the which printed, of the To selected of the To the to the to option and from the topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
OS options or other chosen or the Select of the Two-sided options. Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the topic: with OS Related Double-sided and OS You the to the or off software.
OS Selecting Preferences OS from the the of the OS topic: with OS You from these the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the using the ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the off software using software. topic: OS You from the
Preferences OS or OS Select from the the Select of the Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the Thick and Prevents from smearing when or other thick that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or High reduce quality. topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking OS Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the
Product Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To topic: or OS If to the topic: From
Scanning Connecting USB or You or and them as or or other USB Connecting USB or Starting Scan Selecting EPSON Scan Scanning with OS Scanning To USB or other USB first the to the of the turned USB or the USB that with the USB the front of
Scan Starting Scan the Product scanning, the light the flashing, then or it from the the USB or when the light flashing, or the topic: Scanning Related USB Specifications or scanning, using of these Starting Scan the Product Scan the EPSON Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning You to or to USB using buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or With OS with USB to the buttons. Press the Scan The options displayed:
Press the arrow buttons to option and the OK button. Scan to USB USB or other and the and other Scan to PC as JPEG to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as Scan to PC (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the to to. To to first to connected to If connected directly to with USB USB
Scan to USB If connected to the from the To to the ADF), the the OK to Scan then the OK to 2-Sided Scanning Select On then the OK Press the to Press the to scanning. Scan to USB Scan topic: Starting Scan the Scan to USB options to Scan to USB options Format JPEG JPEG 2-Sided Scanning the ADF On Selects the Scan or Text Selects the type of scanning Photograph or the PDF PDF with A4 or OCR highest
Scan Scan to USB options to Press the arrow to or increase PDF Direction PDF topic: Scan the Product You or the when the buttons. You this the You with OS of the following to Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK topic: Starting Scan the Product Top
Starting Scan the EPSON Scan You the EPSON Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or You EPSON Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning You EPSON Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You EPSON Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan
Selecting EPSON Scan Scan Selecting the Scan EPSON Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning EPSON Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and You based the type of scanning. You options, and and Professional You manually and and You to the when topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the EPSON Scan to from the the right of the EPSON Scan
Scanning topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. You the when EPSON Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to text OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the EPSON Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Related You these options EPSON Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically.
Selecting Scan Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the EPSON Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where
Scanning Office To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Office EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF-Double-sided If the ADF, from the Select the and that match
Selecting Scan Office Select the to Click the EPSON Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose as the Source Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the necessary and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click each and necessary the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options EPSON Scan Office Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the
Scanning Professional Text the appearance of and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and Professional as the You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF Double-sided If the ADF, from the Select the type of as the or Select the of and it as the Select the to Click the EPSON Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional
Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You these options EPSON Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Professional Related You these options EPSON Scan Professional Not the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the
Selecting Scan Professional Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the EPSON Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the or off.
Scan Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the using the as There of the and selected displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the preview. Normal their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the topic: Selecting EPSON Scan If to to increase the from the EPSON Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the EPSON Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its image-editing Increase EPSON Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high quality. the inch) and the the to You the or Select EPSON Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting EPSON Scan You the location, and of the You optional that EPSON Scan when and The appear Scan the EPSON Scan You to the clicking the the EPSON Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting EPSON Scan You from and optional the EPSON Scan. JPEG that highly the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS
Scanning with OS PRINT II or that include EPSON PRINT II and the the displays the created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with image-editing such as With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or such as Select EPSON from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. If the If item the
Scan OS Scanning Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. topic: Scanning with OS software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) topic: Scanning
Scanning to PDF EPSON Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. EPSON Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the
Select PDF as the Select other to the Click the to Click OK EPSON Scan and this
Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the click or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the EPSON Scan necessary. EPSON Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan
Restoring Colors as You Scan Related topics Scan Selecting EPSON Scan You the as them EPSON Scan's Restoration You this of the Office EPSON Scan offers that scanning. EPSON Scan. the to the or the Select the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the EPSON Scan necessary. EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting EPSON Scan
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR You and the text that with processing, spreadsheet, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY OS or ABBYY to to text first such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this
Select the the to as the Click the Scan to Other If the Select and OK WIA option correctly. You the Select Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning, and then the
Scanning OCR OS Select and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) You the ABBYY OCR to to OS or ABBYY to to text first such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or scanning. the Applications and the ABBYY You this
the From and Select the the to as the Select the type of to EPSON Scan the used. Select and Scan and the EPSON Scan while to Click to the EPSON Scan and necessary.
You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR)
Connecting Telephone or these sections to using This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and You to telephone to or If to the telephone to telephone or to phone If telephone to to
the phone to telephone and to the LINE If included DSL DSL to the to to the or using DSL the
Telephone DSL DSL If connecting telephone or to the from the EXT
the phone to telephone or and to the EXT If and turned the to higher than the of to phone or connected to the EXT to incoming when the phone with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: with header and the to If of to the and the Product the the OS
the Product Selecting Country or topic: these sections to the Selecting Country or Selecting the and Information and Characters Selecting and Selecting Communication Reports Restoring topic: faxing, the country or which using If the country or to their and them Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Selecting the and Country/Region and the OK Select country or and the OK You If the correct, and the OK (If and retry.) the country or the to the topic: the Product faxing, the and daylight phase and choose and Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Select and the OK You this Select the to and the OK the buttons the to the then the OK Select the to and the OK the the to the AM or PM selected 12-hour then the OK Select Daylight and the OK
Information Select of the following the and the OK or and Daylight (DST) or winter or Daylight (DST) selection, to the If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock hour. from to the clock back hour. topic: the Product faxing, and to the header to the of the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK button. You this Select Communication and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK You this
and Characters the to the such as or business You to characters. Select and the OK to to the Select and the OK the buttons the to to characters. You to Press the OK to to the Press the Copy to topic: the Product Related and Characters Follow these to and characters You the LCD or the the
Selecting and Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function displayed the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight option and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK topic: the Product You the and other incoming and outgoing You the then the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Selecting Communication or and the OK of the Press the Copy to topic: the Product Related references You and phone Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Reports Select Communication and the OK of the Press the Copy to topic: the Product Related You of reports and and You to the and selecting or
Press the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this of the reports and the OK Press of the buttons to the topic: the Product
Restoring You to their necessary. Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select of the options and the OK You Select or and the OK topic: the Product the options to outgoing and Quality and of and art. and
Communications to the and 2-Sided originals the ADF. On the transmitted On Prints the transmitted On Prints the every topic: the Product the options to incoming Source to the incoming Rear MP Reduction On of incoming to the the selected Source to Prints incoming or sheets, the FAX to incoming instead of them. topic: the Product the options to phone
DRD If Distinctive Service phone telephone or to the and to each. If this service, the of as the DRD the of the and phone that this service. ECM On Turns Correction (ECM) to of with off Correction (ECM). V.34 On to to the of The If turned and connected to the this higher than the of to Detection On the phone to when the tone the off tone This connected to phone Branch (PBX) or (TA) the header information outgoing topic: the Product Select the or to
or of of the incoming Trace of topic: the Product Select the to of the the and the header, and (WorkForce WP-4533) of the (WorkForce WP-4533) of the the the and Network (WorkForce WP-4520) of the Network (WorkForce WP-4520) of the the the and of the the topic: the Product
the You header and using the FAX Click or or Select EPSON Software Select FAX You this Select You this
the OS Select necessary. Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: You header and using the FAX OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and
and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and or Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: You of them faxing. You to to numbers. these sections to and Speed/Group the Product Speed/Group the
Speed/Group the Product Creating Speed/Group the OS topic: You and the Creating Creating topic: and You of to You to and combined. Press the Press the You this
Press the arrow to and the OK Select and the OK You this the to the and the OK the buttons the to the You to characters. Press the OK You this
the to the entry. You to characters. Select and the OK You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the and the information. To entry, the entry, the OK and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related and Characters You easy reference. or
Press the Press the button. You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Creating Select and the OK Press of the buttons to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You creating Each include to numbers. You to and combined. Press the
Press the You this Select Select and the OK button. You this Select the to the and the OK You this
the to the entry. You to characters. Select and the OK You to this: Highlight the to to the and the right arrow to selecting as necessary. finished, the OK You to the
the following as necessary: To and the To existing the entry, and the information. To entry, the the OK button, and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related and Characters You easy reference. or Press the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Speed/Group the Select and the OK Press of the buttons to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You and the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. Click or Select or Select EPSON Software Select FAX You this
Select You this
Select necessary. Select Dial/Group You this
Select and the To and the To entry, it and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To numbers, and OK the previous as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and
Speed/Group the OS You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and or Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Dial/Group You this
To entry, entry. To entry, and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and these sections to from the Product
from the Product Manually or the the OS topic: these sections to using the Manually or Selecting From or from Connected Telephone Broadcasting topic: You from manually the or the the faxing. Press the button.
Selecting From or of the following: the to the You to characters. Press the to the If to the the OK and selecting the Press of the buttons. If and-white. To faxing, the and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product You from selecting or from the the faxing. Press the
from Connected Telephone Press the If to the Select the or to then the OK If to the the OK button, and selecting the button. Press of the buttons. If and-white. To faxing, the and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product If connected telephone to the EXT. the from the telephone. the faxing. Press the button.
Broadcasting the from the connected telephone. You this and the OK button. with the If to the the OK and selecting the Press of the buttons. If and-white. To faxing, the and to necessary. the telephone. the topic: from the Product You easily to the or or phone numbers. You the to to phone numbers.
You only black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the Press the the arrow buttons to Broadcast and the OK button. the following as necessary: the to manually numbers. Press the arrow to numbers. To or entry, the the and arrows to highlight entry, the right arrow to entry, and the arrow to entry. finished selecting the OK Press the B&W If prompted, where or To faxing, the and to necessary. the and the
If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product You of choice. You black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the or from or Press the the arrow to and the OK Select On the to the OK then the Press the B&W If prompted, where or To faxing, the
the and to necessary. the and the the specified You the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product While these Quality and and of and art. and to the and 2-Sided originals the ADF. On topic: from the Product You from You to including cover the to and
Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click Print. If the first this
the OS information that the of the Then OK to the information. input or of then Next instructions the EPSON FAX Utility, If cover to and information, then Next. Click to topic: You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including cover
the to Select the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the Select the of as the the to Select from the You this
of the following to choose Select or from the and and the button. Click the and from Select from the You this
Reception Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually topic: and when reception to If connected to the and to manually. This allows to the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic:
Automatically Manually To and automatically, the light to turned or To or off, the If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or If telephone connected, and to that to the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or You to manually turning off This tone the connected the connected the You this LCD
If hear the option and the OK the active as the Follow the instructions the to the finished, the LCD Press the OK to the the topic:
Cartridges and Cartridge and Checking Cartridge the LCD Screen The that flushed from the head cleaning. or the the of its service life, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of EPSON and and with If would to and boxes to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge and Purchase EPSON Cartridges and and Cartridges the and its software know when or expended, or when the to replaced. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge and With Checking Cartridge and With OS topic: Cartridges and You the of using LCD Press the Select and the OK You this:
Checking Cartridge and With The which or expended, Displayed Press the Copy to topic: Cartridge and appears to when and or using To the the then You this
or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the the of the To offers, the checkbox. topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge and With OS Purchase EPSON Cartridges and the You the of and using of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and or Select Select EPSON You this the following as necessary: You the and clicking or the or as indicated the If of the the with the or improperly EPSON topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges the You purchase EPSON boxes, and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that EPSON and and them. The of other products and
Cartridge and Removing and Cartridges of the from the included of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge and topic: Cartridges and these when or purchase or and the within months of them. (High-capacity) High-capacity) Black 676XL 711XXL 676XL 711XXL 676XL 711XXL 676XL 711XXL T671000 topic: Purchase EPSON Cartridges and You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn which to replaced.
the front cover. the then of the
of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the from the the the the the the head and to Gently the about seconds as shown.
or or the the and clicks finished, the front cover. the the the and to clear the
the off the If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing upside-down. topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase EPSON Cartridges and that and than the from sunlight. the the from its the the Press the buttons the of the and the as shown and of its the or Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the of the reach of and the the the that with the the and of
the the and the Press the buttons the of the (rear and topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase EPSON Cartridges and
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to clean the head Cleaning clean the You them clean them unnecessarily. You clean the head expended, and to clean when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges and You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the the Press the
Press the arrow to and the OK You this Press the OK You this Press of the buttons. the this
the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there and the OK Press the Copy to If there or the Head Cleaning and the OK to Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary.
Checking the If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head You the head or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and or Select Select You of these
Click the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the clean the head.
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product topic: Head Related Head Cleaning If and the the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges and You clean the head the the Press the Press the arrow to and the OK You this
Select Head Cleaning and the OK You this Press the OK the cleaning to then of the to the head. You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, this
Cleaning the Head Select and the OK Press of the buttons to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and You the head or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and or Select Head Cleaning
You of these
Select the cleaning to based the Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the light flashing and to the clean; and the to there the head
Head the Head the Product head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning You the head the the Press the Press the arrow to and the OK You this
Select Head and the OK You this Press of the buttons to while head You this
the Head the and the arrow buttons to choose the the each Press the OK each selection, then the OK when topic: Head You the head or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and or Select Select Head Click Next then click to while head
You of these
the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head
Cleaning the Path If the back of the to sheets of the the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the connected the from the MP Clean the MP Clean the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. the ADF cover and lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), to the and the of the ADF.
Transporting Product Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the Removing the the head and the from Turn off the the from the the connected the and as shown.
the its or with cushioning around the the protects the the If when clean and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software these sections to Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. the U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Right-clicking the the On the the the EPSON topic:
Product You often with the its LCD You the to topics. LCD or Follow the instructions the to the indicated or Follow the instructions the to to the from the indicated. Then of the buttons. the to or the the matches Communication the connected to and software correctly. Recovery occurred firmware using USB and the firmware If this USB the USB or other correctly. tone detected. the correctly and the If connected the to PBX Branch phone or off the Detection Turn the off and then back If the the and protective from the topic: Related references the Product the the the Where to
Product Related Connecting USB or Related topics Loading the Product Network operating properly. interface to the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the OK You this
Press of the buttons. the this the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the clean or the head.
If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the Press the arrow to and the OK You this Select of these options and the OK and the and header, and
Software Network or Network or You Select and the OK to the selected (Select and the OK to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic: If hear from try these the and protective from the The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, these If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating
Network other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related If the these To LCD text To off the heard when button, off the Sound This off the sound topic: Related LCD Turning Sounds these or using Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network topic:
Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network If or connecting to wireless router or these (WorkForce WP-4533): to within of router or or such as that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security using and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. topic: Network If these turned and connected to If necessary, software and try topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software
Product Not Appear OS Network If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the and the light (WorkForce WP-4533), software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network If these that turned network software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If and the strength. If to router or near or such as If connecting the and the light (WorkForce WP-4533), software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Network
Scan Network Network If EPSON Scan these If high If while EPSON Scan, EPSON Scan, seconds, and If EPSON Scan off back and restarting EPSON Scan the option selected as the Timeout the EPSON Scan enough to EPSON Scan You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to scanning with and EPSON Scan scanning software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of Press the Select or Network and the OK You this
Copying Product Nothing Select Confirm or Confirm Network and the OK Press of the to the (Press the to the operation.) the shown the to topic: Network these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the light software correctly. topic: Copying
Product It While Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections using with the Product the the the Ejection topic: If feeding these If from the or the right then the the the the the If once, the the to the and than the recommended of sheets. If when both of the sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with the Follow instructions that with the
the Product topic: Related the Product the the the Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If the these the from necessary. the front cover. including torn
the front cover. If the Press of the buttons to topic:
the Related the the If the try this the the the the
follow instructions when the
the Press of the to topic: Related references the Product the If the these the from necessary. Press the buttons the of the and
the If the the as shown.
Press the the as Press of the buttons to topic: Related the Product the
the Related the If with the (ADF), these originals from the ADF. the ADF cover.
the ADF without the cover or the ADF. the ADF cover then the cover.
the cover. the ADF input the
Ejection the ADF input and the ADF its the originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear topic: Related the If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when
from Nothing Prints topic: Related the Product the the or Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the
Product Not Appear clear from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: Click and and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the Shortcut Click OK to the
Cartridge topic: from If light or follow these and the replaced, to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges and If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and Clear or to free existing using when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the or and the following High RAW
and as topic: from Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options when EPSON Iron-on Cool topic: and
Too Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS
Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely both from the Click and and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and
Incorrect or Printout Quality If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS If these Select higher software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with quality,
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: Related topics Scanned Quality If white or these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS If or smeared, try these with or
the EPSON to and absorption of EPSON the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related EPSON Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS
Printout or Printout Printout Selecting Double-sided OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges and If these Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the head.
Incorrect Colors You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. EPSON and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related EPSON Related Selecting Additional and OS
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly EPSON Scan OS Related topics Cartridges and these with Scanning Software Not Correctly EPSON Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR scanning software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related If EPSON Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both EPSON Scan selected
Scanned Quality power-saving such as or If and EPSON Scan. of EPSON Scan If both and If operating EPSON Scan, try With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Cropped topic:
Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Related topics Quality If consists of try these facing the If the EPSON Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or blurry, these or warped. This the from the or scanning.
Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned properly while that the of the these EPSON Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If thick or its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these EPSON Scan and try Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and it topic: Scanned Quality
Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these EPSON Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the matching and of and the software using to they affecting the of To the these EPSON Scan and try the and with of the the Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If the while EPSON Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality
Scanned Edges Cropped or Related Related Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or these the turned and correctly turned to automatically. to this turned that the connecting telephone to LINE using or software to the that the telephone connecting phone to and testing If connected to DSL DSL to the to the DSL the
with Telephone Connected to Product to Uninstall Product Software If telephone off V.34 and ECM Correction and If connected to that to that when using If phone includes services, or service. topic: Related Automatically Connecting Telephone or Reports Selecting Related topics Loading telephone connected to EXT that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic:
Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS You and then software to Turn off the interface Click or and or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. the of the following to EPSON then follow on-screen instructions: or Select and and Uninstall and Uninstall/Change XP Double-click or and Change/Remove of the following to EPSON Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the Uninstall from the to software as If that software
Where to To the Uninstall the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the Uninstall currently Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM,
AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and Accessories You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these operating Microsoft XP Professional Edition XP SP1 or higher 2008R2*
Specifications only Scanning and included software supported. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications MP top Rear MP to to Approximately sheets to to topic: Technical Specifications Related Loading Capacity front
Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective inches Scanning to and Color: internal, Light LED topic: Technical Specifications input Facedown US or A4 type to feeding thickness: inch You the with topic: Technical Specifications US or A4 to Black and white: Approximately sheets (US or A4) or
Specifications Specifications type Black and white and Household to correction CCITU/ITU with correction to (combined) memory to (ITU-T chart (with Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity: to RH the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or with RJ-11 Telephone
Printable Specifications Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness to inch to to You with the MP The of the following inches A4 inches or inches The within inch of the of the inches to topic: Technical Specifications the expanded A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications Specifications inch inch Top: inch Right: inch topic: Technical Specifications that EPSON and and them. The of other products and of the from the included of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Black Cartridge months to to within months of the topic: Specifications Height inches Unopened the the month thaws and hours inches
Specifications inches inches (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to Rated Rated WorkForce WP-4520: topic: Technical Specifications inches inches copying (ISO/IEC24712) Ready off WorkForce WP-4533: copying (ISO/IEC24712) Ready off
Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications to to to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB computers) the operation of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications with AC that USB recommended. 1.3GB and USB 2TB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications to to month USB
Network Interface Specifications and Specifications LAN IEEE (WorkForce WP-4533) Wireless security WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES) WPA2 and WEP (WorkForce WP-4533) (WorkForce WP-4533) Communication and (WorkForce WP-4533) Ethernet BASE-TX/10BASE-T Wireless LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 WorkForce WP-4533: This the following wireless Inc. SP88W8786-MD0-2C2T00 This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this EMC: FCC Class EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Telephone Instructions FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Telephone Instructions FCC Software Notices (WorkForce WP-4520) Software Notices (WorkForce WP-4533) Copyright Notice should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and including the following: the EPSON using There of shock from telephone to the vicinity of the To reduce the of fire, AWG or topic: Notices United States This with of the FCC and the the ACTA. On the back that other information, the FCC and the (REN) this You this information to telephone The information associated with the services the to connected REN: 0.1B, type: RJ-11C.
The REN to the of that to and of those when telephone called. areas, the of the of connected to should To of the of that to to telephone to the REN products July the REN this of the that the US: BKMFA01BC451C. The 01B the REN without 01B REN of 0.1B). products, the REN shown the This service the to to Should this to the telephone the telephone service temporarily. If they that temporary of service required. isnt the telephone as as You of right to with the FCC. The telephone its operations or procedures that the functioning of If they to opportunity to telephone service. This to repaired. If with this please Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: The telephone that this from the the corrected or that the malfunctioning. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or to this information follow the instructions header information. According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that
typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this C451A/C451C If about what telephone or This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following measures: or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to interface. The termination interface of of only to the that the of the of the This Class with ICES-003.
Software Notices (WorkForce WP-4520) (IES) interface interface tous NMB-003 topic: Notices OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the terms of each software the of the GPL LGPL and Apple Source (each Section years the of of this If to the please You comply with the of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL
GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL Apple Source
This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its ("Apple Source Apple Source This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD module-init-tools-1.60.9 RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC The of RPC
This includes the software which the and owner of the copyright to the The of TCP Wrappers This includes the software "TCP Wrappers" which the and of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". "TCP Wrappers" This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the
This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the terms and of the copyright to the "ARC4". "ARC4" ARC4 This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the MD5 This includes the software "MD5" which the terms and of the copyright to the MD5 MD5 MD5 AES
Software Notices (WorkForce WP-4533) This includes the software "AES" which the terms and of the copyright to the "AES". "AES" AES topic: Notices OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the terms of each software the of the GPL LGPL and Apple Source (each Section years the of of this If to the please You comply with the of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written Young The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL
module-init-tools-1.60.9 GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL
Apple Source This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its ("Apple Source Apple Source This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the terms of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC The of RPC
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The of TCP Wrappers This includes the software "TCP Wrappers" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". "TCP Wrappers" This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the terms and of the copyright to the "ARC4". "ARC4" ARC4 This includes the software which the and owner of the copyright to the MD5 This includes the software "MD5" which the and of the copyright to the MD5 MD5 MD5 AES
Copyright Notice This includes the software "AES" which the and of the copyright to the "AES". "AES" AES topic: Notices EPSON and WorkForce EPSON TM and EPSON of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON Products Corporation.
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted EPSON Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when EPSON While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice
EPSON Products Copyright Attribution This of The the factory to that the of efficiency, and the topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-36123 topic: Copyright Notice