WorkForce WP-4530
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the features of from the this the instructions the the Product Locations Two-Sided Scanning, and Selecting Wireless Network From the Wireless from these sections to the and Lights LCD Turning Sounds topic: Product
LCD The light The The The Scan The Copy The The LCD The arrow The OK The The The light The The The The The The The B&W The topic: the You the the LCD Press the Press the arrow to and the OK button. Select and the OK Select and the OK
Turning Sounds Product Locations Press the Copy to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select Sound and the OK button. Select the and the OK Press the Copy to topic: the these sections to the Path topic: Product
Path Edge Edge MP Rear MP
(ADF) cover Edge topic: Product Locations
cover USB topic: Product Locations
cover head topic: Product Locations
Two-Sided Scanning, and LINE EXT USB Ethernet LAN AC topic: Product Locations You both of the automatically, using the built-in the (ADF), and To both of the from or of the Two-sided OS X).
Selecting Network From the To the ADF, the Scan then the Select Scan 2-Sided Scanning If the Scan software, ADF Double-sided as the Source (Office or Professional only). To the ADF, the Copy then the button. Select and Copy then of the Copying To the ADF, the then the Select 2-Sided topic: Product Related Copying Scan to USB Related Selecting Double-sided Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS the Scanning Office Scanning Professional You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD. The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Press the Select and the OK Select and the OK
You this and the OK If to the wireless to Ethernet instead. Then follow the instructions the to wired and the software from the CD. The through Select the of wireless (SSID) or the manually. To the wireless manually, Other and the OK the to as the
wireless (or and then the displayed If (ABC) or lowercase them correctly. Press the arrow to highlight character or function the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight option and the OK to To and the OK button. To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK Confirm the displayed and the OK to them. If to the If to and the OK Press the Copy to The light should flashing.
from If the light off, selected the (SSID) or the incorrectly. these to topic: Product You and from wireless such as smartphone, iPhone, or wireless as the www.epson.com/connect to learn about and the of Download and of the such as and to the wireless that from to topic: Product
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading the Rear MP Loading Loading Capacity or the Each Source Additional the Optional You inches A4 inches and inches the the necessary.
the the outward. If using the to the
of the as shown.
the the too tight. the fits beneath the top of the and sticking from the of the
To feeding too the Gently the the output and the
Loading the Rear MP If using or the or the topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Rear MP Loading You of and the and the If using or the
the MP the then the outward.
or and first, the of the If of the first and the to the To feeding too the the the too tightly. follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which or top first. the arrow the the instructions.
Loading You with the MP The of the following inches A4 inches or inches The within inch of the of the topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading You this inches the and the
the MP the then the outward.
first and with the facing the of the the the too tightly. follow these If of each it or If when that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the Rear MP
Loading Capacity type Loading Loading MP sheets Bright White sheets Thick to inches and A4 inches Brochure Double-sided inches inches sheets two-sided two-sided
topic: Loading You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Sheet count Bright White inches S041586 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041982 inches S041331 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 S042038 S041271
or Sheet count inches S041062 inches S041467 inches S041257 S041568 Double-sided topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Brochure Double-sided Envelope to Thick-Paper topic: Loading inches S041067 S042180
the Source the Source You the each the or software.The apply to to the the Source the Each Source the Each Source OS topic: Loading You the each the the Press the Select and the OK Select Loaded and the OK You this Select the to and the OK Select the and the OK Press the Notice and the OK
the Each Source the to from with the If choose and to with the the the the and Press the Copy to topic: the Each Source You the each of the following: Click and and Right-click and Click and Click and Sound right-click and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and Click the Optional Click You this
Select the each as the Loaded If match of the the rear MP Others If the software to to with the the Notice If Notice the from with the If this option off and to with the the the the and Click Apply the the topic: the Each Source
the Each Source OS You the each OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and or Click the You this Select the each as the Loaded If match of the the rear MP Others
Additional If the software to try to with the the Notice If Notice the from with the If this option off and try to with the the the the and Click Apply the the topic: the Each Source or copying these options to correctly. Press the Select and the OK You this
the Optional Select of the following: Select Thick and the OK to Select then choose or and the OK to increase when Press the Copy to topic: Loading You the optional to capacity. Turn off the and the and To shock, the cord. the from its and where to the
the as shown, then the the and correctly. the and and the Turn the topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product
the Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the them. originals creased or or or other that the the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. the ADF the too tightly. If the Copy the originals as shown:
topic: the Product
Related topics Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or Copying Copying Copying Related Copying Copying Copying Related topics the Product Loading You or and of including or photo the or the ADF. the to Press the Copy button. You this
Copying To than the or arrow buttons to the to If to the of the or right arrow buttons to the To of the displayed the LCD the and Copy the OK and the ready to of the buttons. To the topic: Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White
Copying Copying type High Quality topic: Copying Select the that matches the loaded. inches inches inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Copying Select the copying options to Not options or other copying
Copying option 2-Sided Copying 1>1-Sided the and ADF to 1>2-Sided 2>2-Sided Copying On the of With around the Copy originals Reduce/Enlarge Custom the the as the Custom Automatically the to the selected and Automatically from to another other the of originals (only when 2>1-Sided or selected) Quality Quality the highest the of originals Direction when 2>1-Sided selected) Top Margin Edge the of when 1>2-Sided selected) Top Edge topic: Copying
From with Selecting or from and its software as the It to to software with with OS or with OS Product Related Checking Software You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Preset or Selecting topic: From Select the the or photo to photo or Select the command You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the Source that where the to Select the of the as the You the to Select the of If
Source Select the type of as the the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or sheets of of the the and the options To and their the options. To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White Source Quality topic: with Related or Related Selecting or You of the options the Source to from that Select Automatically selects the based the selected
Quality Rear MP Selects the the MP as the Selects the as the Selects the as the If topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the quality, the topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints sheets of to Click the to and
Selecting Double-sided topic: Selecting You both of the selecting the 2-Sided checkbox the options pre-selected or other chosen or the Select the 2-Sided If the selected, of the following: Select the to the to manually and the to the other that duplexing). Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the You this
Double-sided Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If selected the type, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided topic: with You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the Margin options that to allow Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided
Selecting Additional and the of the options the to the of the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting You of and options or the More
Custom Correction To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or photo as the and the of as the Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the Select of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. To to Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction Additional topic: with Related or You of the options the Correction to the
Brightness and and tones. If the RGB the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM off software software.
Additional Selecting topic: Selecting Additional and You of the Additional options to options selected or other chosen. Prints the rotated from its High reduce the to right. Edge Smoothing Prints low-resolution such as Red-Eye or red-eye topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More You the options the
or option to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Selecting Click OK or to topic: with the apply while that If to the Right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the Select You the Click the
You the options. Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the and firmware. You the software or this Right-click the the You this
with OS or of the following each type of To often the software the every To the the option. Click Apply Click OK to If choose to the to topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Printed OS Selecting OS OS or OS Selecting Preferences OS topic: From Select the the or photo to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Select the Source that where the to Select the type of as the the type Select the Quality to Select of the options. Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS or Related or Related Selecting OS or OS
Source OS Quality OS You of the options the Source to from that Select Automatically selects the based the selected Rear MP Selects the the rear MP as the Selects the as the Selects the as the If topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. fast with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the the speed. topic: Selecting OS
OS Selecting OS Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. Prints text and graphics or of the to right. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the You to Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS or You of options or selecting from the the
Printed OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To the the topic: with OS or You the of the as selecting from the the
Selecting Double-sided OS To selected option from the to To the which printed, option from the To the to the to and from the Destination topic: with OS or You both of the selecting Two-sided or from the the options pre-selected or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided
Double-sided and OS the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the screen Double-sided and OS topic: with OS or You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided Long-Edge to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the
OS the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the and to the or off software. from the the Select of the options. Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the and OS topic: with OS or
Matching and OS or OS You from these the and EPSON software, or off ColorSync Prints using and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. Red-Eye or red-eye off software using software. topic: OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking OS Checking OS topic: with OS or the of and Click the when appears the You the
Selecting Preferences OS Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this
Preferences OS Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS or You from these the Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or High reduce topic: Selecting Preferences OS
with OS Selecting OS You with using OS as these Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Printed OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the the or to or Select the command You to the option the or another command.
Selecting OS Select as the Format Select the of the as the You to Select the of or as shown the If the To reduce or the of the Click OK to the topic: with OS Related Selecting OS Select the the or to
Select the You to the option the or another command. as the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select from the Select the Source that where the to Select the type of as the the type Select the Quality to Select of the options. Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related or OS
Source OS Quality OS You of the options the Source to from that Select Automatically selects the based the selected Rear MP Selects the the MP as the Selects the as the Selects the as the If only topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the quality, the topic: Selecting OS
OS Selecting OS Printed OS You of the options to options other chosen. Prints text and graphics or of the to right. topic: Selecting OS You options selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the topic: with OS You the of the as selecting from the the
Selecting OS To the which printed, of the To selected of the options. To the to the to option and from the topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
OS options pre-selected or other chosen or the Select of the Two-sided options. Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the topic: with OS Related and OS You the to the or off software.
OS Selecting Preferences OS Select from the the Select of the OS topic: with OS You from these the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the the ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the off software only software. topic: OS You from the
Preferences OS or OS Select from the the Select of the Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that or when Paper/Bright White as the or High reduce quality. topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking OS Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the
Product Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To topic: or OS If to the topic: From
Scanning Connecting USB or You or and them as or or other USB Connecting USB or Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning To USB or other USB first the to the of the turned USB or the USB that with to the USB the front of
Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product scanning, the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or when the light flashing, or the topic: Scanning Related USB Specifications or scanning, of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning You to or to USB buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and the to or With OS with USB to the buttons. Press the Scan The options displayed:
Press the arrow buttons to option and the OK button. Scan to USB USB or other and the and other Scan to PC as JPEG to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and attaches to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and such as Scan to PC (WSD) wireless or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the to To to first to connected to If connected directly to with USB USB
Scan to USB If to the from the To to the ADF), the the OK to Scan then the OK to 2-Sided Scanning Select On then the OK Press the to Press the to scanning. Scan to USB Scan topic: Starting Scan Select the Scan to USB options to Scan to USB options Format JPEG JPEG Scanning the ADF On Selects the Scan or A4 Text Selects the type of or the PDF PDF with or OCR highest
Scan Starting Scan the Scan Scan to USB options to Press the arrow buttons to or increase PDF Direction PDF topic: Starting Scan the Product You or the when using the buttons. You this the of the following to Click or or Software OS the Applications Software and Click the and the to or change. the as necessary. Click OK topic: Starting Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan Top
OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan You Scan with OS You the Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan You Scan from to and the the You Scan with OS scanning and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You the Scan
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Selecting the Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and You based the type of scanning. You options, and and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan
Scanning topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line the that matches
the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) this option or the Select this option or to text OCR Character software. Other this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the the To Normal instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option checkbox to of the grayed-out Not the and the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text
Selecting Scan and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the as necessary.
Scanning Office To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Office Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF-Double-sided Select the and that match Select the to Click the button.
Selecting Scan Office Scan and displays the If the that to of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the
Scanning Professional Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and necessary the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the
Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional
Selecting Scan Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the it to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the as necessary.
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the Turns or off.
Scan Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its image-editing Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You the clicking the the Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from and optional the Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT OS
Scanning with OS PRINT Matching II or that include PRINT II and the the displays the created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. scanning If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with image-editing You the Scan to with OS such as from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. You this
Scanning Click Select as necessary. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. topic: Scanning software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) topic: Scanning
Scanning to PDF Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the
Select PDF as the Select other to the Click OK Scan and this
Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan
Restoring Colors as You Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan You the as them Scan's Restoration You this of the scanning. Scan. Select the to the or the Select the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Related topics Scan Selecting Scan
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR You and the text that with processing, spreadsheet, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY You ABBYY to to text OS and such as Then ABBYY the From and the option to then and follow the instructions the ABBYY OS the www.epson.com/support/lion (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support/lion to learn about to the software. Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS or topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this
the the to as the Click the Scan to Other You the Select Select and OK WIA option correctly. You the Select Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning,
Scanning OCR OS or and then the Select and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. the Applications and the ABBYY You this
the From and Select the the to as the Select the type of to Scan the used. Select and Scan and the Scan while to Click to the Scan and necessary. You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR)
Connecting Telephone or these sections to using This allows to numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and You to to or If to the to telephone or to using If telephone to to
the phone to telephone and to the LINE If telephone included DSL DSL to the to to the or DSL the
Telephone DSL DSL If telephone or to using phone the from the EXT
the phone to telephone or and to the EXT If and turned the to higher than the of to phone or connected to the EXT to incoming when the with phone or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: with header and the to If of to the and the Product the the OS
the Product Selecting Country or topic: these sections to features using the Selecting Country or Selecting the and Information and Characters Selecting and Selecting Communication Reports Restoring topic: faxing, the country or which If the country or to their and them Press the
Press the arrow to and the OK You this Select Country/Region and the OK Select country or and the OK button. You If the correct, and the OK (If and retry.) the country or the to the
Selecting the and topic: the Product faxing, the and phase and choose and Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select and the OK
Information You this Select the to and the OK the the to the then the OK Select the to and the OK the buttons the to the AM or PM selected 12-hour then the OK Select Daylight and the OK button. Select of the following the and the OK or and Daylight (DST) or winter or Daylight (DST) selection, to the If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock from to the clock back hour. topic: the Product faxing, and to the header to the of the
Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select and the OK Select and the OK Press the OK to You this
and Characters the to the such as or business You to characters. Select and the OK to to the Select and the OK the buttons the to to characters. You to international that of the Press the OK to to the Press the Copy to topic: the Product Related and Characters Follow these to and characters You the LCD or the the
Selecting and Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function displayed the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight option and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK topic: the Product You the quality, and other incoming and outgoing You the then the
Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select or and the OK of the Press the Copy to topic: the Product
Selecting Communication Related You and Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Reports Select Communication and the OK of the Press the Copy to topic: the Product Related You of and and You to the and selecting or Press the button. Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Restoring Select of the reports and the OK Press of the buttons to the topic: the Product You to their necessary. Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Select of the options and the OK You Select or and the OK topic: the Product the options to outgoing Quality and and of and art. and to the and 2-Sided originals the ADF. On
the transmitted On Prints the transmitted On Prints the transmitted topic: the Product the options to incoming Source to the Rear MP Reduction On of incoming to the the selected Source to Prints incoming or sheets, the to incoming instead of them. topic: the Product the options to
DRD If Distinctive Service phone telephone or to the and assign to each. If this service, the of as the DRD the of the and that this service. ECM On Correction (ECM) to of received with Turns off Correction (ECM). V.34 On to to the of The If turned and connected to the this higher than the of to Detection On Automatically the to when the tone the off tone This connected to Branch (PBX) or (TA) the header information outgoing topic: the Product Select the or to
the or of of the incoming Trace of topic: the Product Select the to of the the and the header, and of the of the the the and of the the topic: the Product You header and using the Click or Select or
Select Software Select You this Select You this
the OS Select Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the option. topic: You header and the OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select
and Double-click FAX You this FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the topic: You of them faxing. You to to numbers. these sections to and Speed/Group the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic:
Speed/Group the Product Creating You and the Creating Creating topic: and You of to You to and combined. Press the Press the You this
Press the arrow to and the OK Press the OK button to You this Select the to the and the OK the buttons the to the You to characters. Press the OK You this
the to the entry. You to characters. Select and the OK You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the entry, and the information. To the entry, OK and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related and Characters You easy reference. or
Press the Press the You this Press the arrow to and the OK You this
Creating Select and the OK Press of the buttons to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You creating Each include to numbers. You to and combined. Press the
Press the You this Select Select You this Select the to the and the OK You this
the to the entry. You to characters. Select and the OK button. You to this: the to to the and the right arrow to selecting as necessary. finished, the OK You to the
the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the entry, and the information. To entry, the the OK and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related and Characters You easy reference. or Press the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Speed/Group the Select and the OK Press of the buttons to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You and the The from the and back memory. You to and combined. Click or Select or Select Software Select You this
Select You this
Select Select Dial/Group You this
Select and the To entry, and the To and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To and and OK the previous as to or finished, click the to the to memory. topic: and
Speed/Group the OS You and the Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX You this Select FAX the Select You this
To entry, entry. To entry, and the information. To and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, and and OK the as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and these sections to from the Product the
from the Product Manually or the OS topic: these sections to the Manually or Selecting From or from Connected Telephone topic: You from manually the or the the faxing. Press the of the following: the to the You to characters. Press the to the
Selecting From or If to the button, the OK and selecting the Press of the buttons. If and-white. To faxing, the and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product You from selecting or from the the faxing. Press the Press the If to the
from Connected Telephone Select the or to then the OK If to the the OK and selecting the Press of the buttons. If and-white. To faxing, the and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product If connected telephone to the EXT. the from the connected telephone. the faxing. Press the the from the connected telephone.
You this and the OK You with the the telephone. If to the button, the OK and selecting the Press of the buttons. If and-white. To faxing, the and to necessary. the telephone. scanning the topic: from the Product the while these
the Quality and and of and art. and to the and 2-Sided originals the ADF. On topic: from the Product You from the to and
Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to You to including the Click Print. If the first this
the OS information that the of the Then OK to the information. cover input or phone of then Next instructions using the FAX Utility, If cover to and information, then Next. Click to topic: You from OS using the Utility. You to including cover
or faxing. Select the You to the option the or another command. FAX option as the Select the of as the the to Select from the You this
of the following to choose Select or from the and and the Click the and from Select from the You this
Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Manually topic:
Reception Automatically Manually and when reception to If connected telephone to the phone and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic: To and automatically, the light to turned or To or off, the If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or If telephone connected, and to that to the LCD displays that topic: You to manually turning off This tone the connected the connected telephone the You this LCD
If hear the option and the OK the active as the Follow the instructions the to the finished, the previous LCD Press the OK to the the topic:
Cartridges and Cartridge and Checking Cartridge the LCD The that flushed from the head cleaning. or the the of its service life, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of and responsibly and with If would to and to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge and Purchase Cartridges and Removing and Cartridges the and its software know when or expended, or when the to replaced. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge and With Checking Cartridge and With OS topic: Cartridges and You the of LCD Press the and the OK You this:
Checking Cartridge and With The which or expended, Displayed Press the Copy to topic: Cartridge and appears try to when and or using To the the then You this
or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge and With OS the You the of and of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select EPSON You this
the following as necessary: You the and clicking or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge and Related Removing and Cartridges
Purchase Cartridges and Cartridge and and Cartridges the You purchase boxes, and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that boxes and and them. The of other products and of the from the included of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge and topic: Cartridges and these when or purchase or and the within months of them. Black 676XL 676XL 676XL 676XL T671000 topic: Purchase Cartridges and You immediately removing the ones.
the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If or expended, appears and which to replaced. the front cover. the then of the
of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the from the the the the immediately the the head and to Gently the about seconds as shown.
or or the the and clicks finished, the front cover.
the the the If the LCD properly. the and to clear the turn off the If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing upside-down. topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and that and than the from sunlight. the the from its the the
Press the buttons the of the and the as shown and of its the or
Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the of the reach of and the the the that with the the and of the the and the
Press the the of the and topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to clean or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning clean the You them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges and You to Checking the the Product Checking the Computer topic: Head You the head using the the Press the
Press the arrow to and the OK You this Press the OK You this Press of the buttons. the this
the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there and the OK Press the Copy to If there or the Head Cleaning and the OK and Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary.
Checking the If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head You the head or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select You of these
Click the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the the head.
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product topic: Head Related Head Cleaning If and the the head. You the head expended, and to clean when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges and You clean the head using the the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Select Head Cleaning and the OK You this Press the OK Select the cleaning to then of the buttons to the head. You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, this
Cleaning the Head and the OK Press of the to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and You clean the head or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences and or Select Select Head Cleaning You of these
Select the cleaning to based the Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the light flashing and to the clean; and the to there the head clean
Head the Head the Product head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning You the head using the the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Select Head and the OK You this Press of the buttons to while head You this
the Head the and the arrow to choose the representing the each Press the OK each selection, then the OK when topic: Head You the head using or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head Click Next then to while head You of these
the and follow the instructions the screen to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head
Cleaning the Path If the back of the to sheets of the the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the and connected interface the from the MP Clean the MP using Clean the with cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. the ADF cover and lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), to the and the of the ADF.
Transporting Product Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from Turn off the the from the connected the and as shown. the its or with cushioning around the the protects the the If when and the head.
topic: Cleaning and Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software these sections to using Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Right-clicking the the On the the the EPSON topic: Related
Product You often with the its LCD You the to topics. LCD or Follow the instructions the to the indicated or Follow the instructions the to to the from the indicated. Then of the buttons. the to or the the matches Communication the connected to and software correctly. Recovery occurred firmware USB and the firmware If this USB the USB or other correctly. tone detected. the connected correctly and the phone If connected the to PBX Branch or off the Detection Turn the off and then back If the the and protective from the topic: Related the Product the the the Where to
Product Related Connecting USB or Related topics Loading the Product Network operating properly. interface connected to the Press the Press the arrow to and the OK You this Press the OK You this
Press of the buttons. the this the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the or the head.
If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select of these options and the OK and the and header, and
Software You Select and the OK to the selected (Select and the OK to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic: If hear from try these the and protective from the The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, these turned and the USB or securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating
Network other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related If the these To LCD text To off the heard when off the Sound This off the sound topic: Related LCD Turning Sounds these or Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network topic:
Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network If or to wireless router or these to within of router or or such as that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security using and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. topic: Network If these turned and connected to using If necessary, software and EpsonNet topic: Network Related to Product Software
Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network If these that turned software as sheet and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP using DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as If connecting the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Network If Scan these If high
Network If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to Scan You to the firewall and software wireless router or Scan OS or topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of Press the Select and the OK You this Confirm and the OK
Copying Product Nothing Product It While Press of the buttons to the (Press the to the operation.) the shown the to topic: Network these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the light software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections with the Product
the the the Ejection topic: If feeding these If feed from the or the right then the the the the the If feed once, the the to the and than the recommended of If when both of the try sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related references the Product the the the Loading Capacity Related topics Loading
the Product If the these the from necessary. the front cover. including torn
the the front cover. If the Press of the buttons to topic: Related the the If the this the the
the the
the follow instructions when the Press of the buttons to topic: Related the Product the If the these the from necessary. Press the buttons the of the and
the If the the as shown.
Press the buttons the as Press of the buttons to topic: Related the Product the
the Related the If with the (ADF), try these originals from the ADF. the ADF cover.
the ADF without the cover or the ADF. the ADF cover then the cover.
the cover. the ADF input the
Ejection the ADF input and the ADF its the originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear topic: Related the If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when
from Nothing Prints topic: Related the Product the the or Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's right-click the and
Product Not Appear Cartridge Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first try restarting If that this of the following: Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and Preferences Click the Click the Select EPSON Click OK to the topic: from If light or this and the replaced, to it the its Complete the topic: from
Related topics Cartridges and If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the and the following High RAW as topic: from Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS
and Inverted Too Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Additional and
Incorrect Margins Printout Selecting OS Selecting OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect try these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading If incorrect characters appear try these reprinting: interface securely connected both clear from the Click and and Right-click what's right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS
Printout Quality White or Printout Selecting OS Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS If these the the of the Select higher software. topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: Related topics Scanned Quality If white or try these Clean the head.
Blurry or Smeared Printout the type matches the type of loaded. Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related references or Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS If or smeared, these curled, or the (the should facedown). facedown the MP (the should with or the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Drying
Printout or Printout Clean the head. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Double-sided Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Double-sided OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or these Clean the head. The or and to them.
Printout the type matches the type of loaded. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges and If these the of the facedown the the of the the rear MP Select higher and turn off high software. Clean the head. the head. You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS
Incorrect Colors Scanning Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. Clean the head. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related Related Selecting Additional and OS OS Related topics Cartridges and these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic:
Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, Scan OS topic: Scanning Related If Scan, these and interface securely connected both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. If operating Scan, Scan OS topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan
Scanned Quality Consists of of Appears Scanned these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: Related topics Quality If consists only of these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the
Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges topic: Scanned Quality If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or blurry, these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and try the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality
Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors If too these these Scan and Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the because and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK and the and of and the software to they affecting the of
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped To the these Scan and the and with of the the Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these with or
or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or try these the turned and correctly turned to automatically. to this turned that the connecting telephone to LINE or software to the that the telephone phone to and testing If to DSL phone DSL to the to the DSL the If off V.34 and ECM Correction and If connected to that to that when If phone includes services, or service. topic: Related Automatically Connecting Telephone or Reports Selecting Communication Related topics Loading
with Telephone Connected to Product to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software telephone connected to EXT that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow instructions. the of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: or Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change
Uninstalling Product Software OS XP Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the Uninstall from the to software as If that software To the Uninstall the U.S. or the of the currently the Applications Software Double-click the Uninstall Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software
Where to If to technical services, the following options. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these operating Microsoft XP Professional Edition XP SP1 or higher www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and
Specifications Scanning Specifications topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications Rear MP top Rear MP Approximately to to Approximately sheets to to topic: Technical Specifications Flatbed, type Photoelectric CIS Effective inches Scanning front US or A4
(ADF) Specifications Specifications to and internal Light LED topic: Technical Specifications input Facedown US or A4 type to feeding thickness: inch topic: Technical Specifications type Black-and-white and Household to to Approximately (US or A4) or sheets
Specifications correction CCITU/ITU with correction to (combined) to (ITU-T chart memory (with Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity: to RH Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Color: RJ-11 Telephone
Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness to inch to to inches to topic: Technical Specifications A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Specifications inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications inch inch inch Right: inch topic: Technical Specifications that boxes and and them. The of other products and of the from the included of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge months to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related references Cartridge and Unopened the the month thaws and
Specifications Specifications Height inches inches inches (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to Rated Rated copying (ISO/IEC24712) Ready topic: Specifications inches inches inches off
Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications to to Humidity to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB computers) the operation of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications with AC that USB recommended. 1.3GB and USB flash 2TB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications Wireless LAN IEEE to to month USB
and Specifications WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES) WPA2 Wireless security Ethernet BASE-TX/10BASE-T LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Inc. SP88W8786-MD0-2C2T00 This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications WEP EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products FCC Software Notices Copyright Notice United States This with of the FCC and the the ACTA. On the back that other information, the FCC and the (REN) this You this information to telephone The information associated with the services the to REN: 0.1B, type: RJ-11C. The REN to the of that to telephone and of those when telephone called. areas, the of the of to should To of the of that to to telephone to the REN products July the REN this of the that the US: BKMFA01BC451C. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the This service the telephone to to Should this to the telephone the service temporarily. If they that temporary of service required. isnt the telephone as as You of right to with the FCC. The telephone its operations or that the functioning of If they to opportunity to service.
This to repaired. If with this please America, Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: The telephone that this from the the corrected or that the malfunctioning. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and the ACTA. and with this It to connected to that instructions The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the of the or such business, other entity, or to this information follow the instructions header information. According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC to which this connected. Telephone that typically to to AC and that this nationwide If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this C451C If about what or This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver.
Software Notices the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the This Class with ICES-003. (IES) interface interface tous NMB-003 topic: Notices OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the of each software the of the GPL LGPL and Apple Source (each Section years the of of this If to the please You comply with the terms of each software
The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL module-init-tools-1.60.9
GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL Apple Source This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its ("Apple Source Apple Source This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD
module-init-tools-1.60.9 RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC The of RPC This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The of TCP Wrappers This includes the software "TCP Wrappers" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". "TCP Wrappers"
This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the
ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the and of the copyright to the "ARC4". "ARC4" ARC4 This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software "MD5" which the terms and of the copyright to the MD5 MD5 MD5 This includes the software "AES" which the terms and of the copyright to the "AES". "AES" AES topic: Notices WorkForce and and of Corporation. SM service of Inc.
Copyright Notice Software Acknowledgment Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright
Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of The the factory to that the of efficiency, and the topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-34343 topic: Copyright Notice