WorkForce
Product the Touch and Lights these sections to learn about the basic features of the Product Locations Two-Sided Scanning, and Selecting Wireless Network From the these sections to the Touch and Lights LCD Turning Sounds topic: Product The light The The display/crop
The The LCD The and buttons (increase or the of The C clear The light The The light The back The arrow buttons The OK The topic: the You the of the to to access. the release and or the
LCD Screen Turning Sounds the without first the release or topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Select Select Press the arrow and then Select Press the to topic: the You turn off the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary. Select Select Select Sound Select of these Sound then to off the sound: Press Notice Completion Notice To the sound then High or Press the to topic: the
Product Locations Product Top these sections to the Product Top Product Product Product topic: Product ADF cover (ADF) Edge
ADF ADF Memory USB cover Release (beneath topic: Product Locations
Product Edge topic: Product Locations
Product topic: Product Locations
Product Two-Sided Scanning, and LAN USB AC LINE EXT topic: Product Locations You both of the automatically, the built-in the (ADF), and
Selecting Wireless Network From the Touch You manually. With the option the to with To both of the from or EPSON Bright White and 2-Sided or of the Two-sided OS X). If using EPSON Double-sided or EPSON Brochure Double-sided manually; this type of to with the To the ADF, the Scan and If selected Scan to PC option, additionally the and Scan Then of the 2-Sided If using the EPSON Scan software, ADF Double-sided as the Source (Office or Professional only). To the ADF, the Copy then the Select and Copy then of the To the ADF, the then the Select then of the 2-Sided Scanning topic: Product You or wireless using To wireless follow the instructions the sheet and the software from the CD. The through Press the necessary. Press the arrow and then Press the arrow buttons and then Network Select LAN You this
Select If to the wireless to the arrow and Wireless LAN instead. Then follow the instructions the to wired and the software from the CD. The through Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, the arrow buttons and then Other the to as the
wireless (or and then the Press the or arrow buttons to character. Press the or right arrow to the to the previous or Press the to (ABC), lowercase or and To characters, characters, the OK Confirm the displayed and the OK to them. If to the back If to the Press the to The light should flashing. If the light off, selected the or the incorrectly. these to topic: Product
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading Loading Loading Capacity EPSON or You of the You only. the necessary.
the the outward. If using the to the
of the as shown.
the the too tight. the fits beneath the top of the and sticking from the of the
To feeding too the Gently the
Loading the and the If or the or the topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading Loading You of and You and
the necessary.
the outward. the shown below to
photo the as shown. the the and from the of the
the the too tight. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the
The slightly as the This the and the follow these the recommended of sheets.
Loading first, which the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related references Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading You this You and the necessary.
the shown below to
with and the of the the the too tightly. the beneath the top of the and sticking from the of the follow these If of each or If when try that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading
Loading Capacity Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading type Loading sheets inches EPSON Bright White sheets EPSON sheets EPSON sheets EPSON EPSON Brochure Double-sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON Quality Self-adhesive topic: Loading inches
EPSON You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON count EPSON Bright White inches S041586 EPSON inches S041809 EPSON inches S041808 S041727 EPSON inches S042181 S042174 EPSON inches S041982 inches S041331 inches S041141 S041649 S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 S042038 S041271
or count EPSON inches S041062 EPSON inches S041467 inches S041257 EPSON inches S041568 Double-sided EPSON Iron-on Cool inches S041153 EPSON Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided EPSON Quality A4 inches S041106 topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Quality Self-adhesive EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON inches S041067 S042180
this Select this or EPSON EPSON EPSON Brochure Envelope to Thick-Paper topic: Loading You EPSON Brochure Double-sided EPSON EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON inches inches inches inches topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the anything top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product
the Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF
the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. the ADF the too tightly. If the Copy the originals as shown:
topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or Copying Copying Copying Related topics the Product You or and of including or the or the ADF. the to the recommended of sheets. Press the Copy You this
Copying To than the to the to Select or B&W and white) If to the of the arrow to the To of the displayed the LCD the and Copy the and OK ready to the To topic: Copying Select that matches the loaded.
Copying type EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON Quality Self-adhesive EPSON EPSON EPSON High Quality EPSON Brochure Double-sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON topic: Copying Related topics the Product Loading Select the that matches the loaded. inches inches inches inches inches A4 inches
Copying topic: Copying Related topics the Product Loading Select the and Copy options to Not options or other copying Copying option With around the Copy originals Expands the to the of the 2-Sided On the to 1>1-Sided the and ADF to 1>2-Sided 2>2-Sided Reduce/Enlarge Custom Automatically the the as the Custom the to the selected and Automatically from to another other
Copying option Source Selects the as the Selects the as the then Selects the as the switches to when Quality only) Quality the highest Edge the of originals Direction when 2>1-Sided selected) Top Edge Landscape, Edge Landscape, Top Edge or appear the front of the when the the amount of topic: Copying Related topics the Product Loading
From with Selecting or from and its software as the If to to software with with OS or with OS Product Related Checking Software You with using as these Selecting Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting or Selecting topic: From Select the the or photo to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the Source that where the to the of the as the You the to Select the of If
Source Select the type of as the the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of the and the facedown, the and the options To of or of of the the and the options To and their the To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White Source Quality topic: with Related or Related or You of the options the Source to from that
Quality Selects the as the Selects the as the then Selects the as the and switches to when empty. topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. the with with reduced quality. Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the the topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and options.
Selecting Prints of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting the 2-Sided Printing the options pre-selected or other chosen or the Select the 2-Sided If the selected, of the following: Select the checkbox to the to manually and the to the other (recommended that Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the button. You this
Double-sided Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If selected the type, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the topic: with You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the Margin Select options that to allow Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided
Selecting Additional and the of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided You of and options or photo the More
Custom Correction To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the Select the to option to reduce or or the the Select of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. To to Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction Additional topic: with Related or You of the options the Correction to the
Brightness and and tones. If the RGB the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM off software only software.
Additional Selecting Preset topic: Selecting Additional and You of the Additional options to options selected or other chosen. Prints the rotated from its High reduce the to right. Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More You the the
or of the to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Selecting Click OK or to topic: with the apply while that If to the Right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the Select You the Click the
You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the and firmware. You often the software or this Right-click the the Select You this:
with OS or of the following each type of To often the software the every To the the option. Click Apply Click OK to If choose to the to topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From the the or to or Select the command You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them Select the and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the from the You these Select the Source that where the to Select the type of as the the type Select the Quality to Select of the Source OS Quality OS OS
Source OS Quality OS topic: with OS or Related or Related Selecting OS or OS You of the options the Source to from that Selects the as the Selects the as the then Selects the as the and switches to when empty. topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced Normal text and and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high
OS Selecting OS Quality the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the printed to right. If the option the white topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the
Selecting OS the of the as the If photo, with option. You to You type and to borderlessly. the the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: Printing with OS or You of options or photo selecting from the the
Selecting Double-sided OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or topic: with OS or You both of the selecting Two-sided or from the the options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS or You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided Long-Edge to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the
OS the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting OS You the and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the from the the
and OS The the the option selected the Matching Select of the options. and OS topic: with OS or Related Head Cleaning Related EPSON Related and Cartridges You from these the and EPSON software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If
Selecting Preferences OS includes with such as to off to the effects. Red-Eye or red-eye off software only software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this Select of the
Preferences OS or OS Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS or You from these the that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or Switching switches to the other when of the of High reduce topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking OS Checking OS topic: with OS or the of and Click the when appears the You the
with OS Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or OS You with using OS as these Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS
Selecting OS topic: From Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the Format Select the of the as the If photo, with option. You to only You type and to borderlessly. the
Selecting OS Select the of or as shown the If the To reduce or the of the Click OK to the topic: with OS Select the the or to Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
from the Select the Source that where the to Select the type of as the the type the Quality to Select of the Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related or OS
Source OS Quality OS OS You of the options the Source to from that Selects the as the Selects the as the then Selects the as the and switches to when empty. topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with quality. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high quality. Quality the quality, the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen.
Selecting OS If selected the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white printed photo. topic: Selecting OS You options selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the topic: with OS
Selecting Double-sided OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the options or other chosen or the Select of the Two-sided
OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the topic: with OS Related Double-sided and OS You the to the or off software.
OS Selecting Preferences OS Select from the the Select of the OS topic: with OS You from these the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the using the ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the off software software. topic: OS You from the
Preferences OS or OS Select from the the Select of the Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these options the that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or Switching Automatically switches to the other when of the of High reduce topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking OS Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the
Product Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To topic: or OS If to topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting EPSON Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the EPSON Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning You to using buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or With OS with USB to the buttons. Press the Select Scan The options displayed:
Select option. Scan to Memory Card memory and the and other Scan to PC as JPEG to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and attaches to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as To to first to to If directly to with USB USB to scanning. If connected to the from the to scanning. Scan to Memory Card Scan
Scan to Memory Card Scan topic: Starting Scan Select the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options Format JPEG Select originals the ADF On Scan Select the Text the type of Photograph Quality Select topic: Starting Scan the Product You or the when using the buttons. You this using the You with OS of the following to Click or or EPSON Software PDF Select A4 Select with Select Select
Starting Scan the EPSON Scan OS the Applications Software and the or Select OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK topic: Starting Scan the Product You the EPSON Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or You EPSON Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan
Scan from Scanning You EPSON Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option it correctly. You EPSON Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan
Selecting EPSON Scan Scan Selecting the Scan EPSON Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning EPSON Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and You based the type of scanning. You and and Professional You manually and and You to the when topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the EPSON Scan to from the the right of the EPSON Scan
Scanning topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. You the when using EPSON Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the EPSON Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning You these options EPSON Scan the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text
Selecting Scan and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the EPSON Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where
Scanning Office To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Office EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, Select the and that match Select the to Click the
Selecting Scan Office EPSON Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click each and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options EPSON Scan Office Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the
Scanning Professional Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and Professional as the You this
the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where Select the type of scanning as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the EPSON Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options EPSON Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the checkbox beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options EPSON Scan Professional Not the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the
Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. the when the To continuously, the button, the and Continuous You the of using graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the only.) Click the Color to the Threshold the which text and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional
Selecting Scan Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the EPSON Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the or off.
Scan Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the using the as There of the and selected displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the thumbnail preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting EPSON Scan If to to increase the from the EPSON Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the using EPSON Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its image-editing Increase EPSON Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select EPSON Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting EPSON Scan You the location, and of the You optional that EPSON Scan when and The appear Scan the EPSON Scan You to the clicking the the EPSON Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting EPSON Scan You from and optional the EPSON Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the using PDF that and OS using or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS
Scanning with OS PRINT Matching II or that include EPSON PRINT II and the the displays the created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to scanning the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with image-editing such as With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or editing such as EPSON from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where other as necessary. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan
Scanning Scanning to PDF the selected. topic: Scanning software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) topic: Scanning EPSON Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. EPSON Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the
Select PDF as the Select other to the Click the to Click OK EPSON Scan and this
Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the EPSON Scan necessary. EPSON Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan
Restoring Colors as You Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting EPSON Scan You the as them using EPSON Scan's Restoration You this of the Office EPSON Scan offers that scanning. EPSON Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration checkbox. selecting Scan Click to the EPSON Scan necessary. EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting EPSON Scan
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR You and the text that with processing, spreadsheet, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY OS or ABBYY to to text first using such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface OCR scanning software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this
Select the the to as the Click the Scan to Other If the Select and OK WIA option correctly. You the Select Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning, and then the
Scanning OCR OS and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) You the ABBYY OCR to to OS or ABBYY to to text first such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to scanning with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or scanning. the Applications and the ABBYY You this
the From and Select the the to as the Select the type of to EPSON Scan the used. Select and Scan and the EPSON Scan while converted to Click to the EPSON Scan and necessary.
You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR)
Connecting Telephone or these sections to This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and You to to or If to the telephone to telephone or to using If telephone to to
the phone to telephone and to the LINE If telephone included DSL DSL to the to to the or DSL the
Telephone DSL DSL If telephone or to the from the EXT
the to or and to the EXT If and turned the to higher than the of to or connected to the EXT to incoming when the with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: with header and the features to If of to the and the Product the
the Product Selecting Country or the OS topic: these sections to the Selecting Country or Selecting the and Information and Characters Selecting and Selecting Reports Restoring Scan topic: faxing, the country or which If the country or to their and them Press the Select
Select You this Press the arrow buttons and Country/Region Select country or You If the correct, (If and retry.) the country or the to the
Selecting the and topic: the Product faxing, the and phase and choose and Press the Select Select You this
Select You this Select the to the buttons the to the then the OK Select the to the buttons the to the AM or PM selected 12-hour then the OK Select Daylight Press the arrow buttons and of the following the or and Daylight (DST) or winter or Daylight (DST) selection, to the If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock from to the clock back hour. topic: the Product
Information faxing, and to the header to the of the Press the Select Press the arrow buttons and You this
and Characters Press the arrow buttons and Select You this the to the such as or business You to characters. Press the OK to to the the the to to characters. You to dashes. international that of the Press the OK to to the topic: the Product Related and Characters Follow these to and characters You the LCD or the buttons the
Selecting and Press the arrow buttons to the to the or character. Press the buttons repeatedly to (ABC), lowercase or and You the the To To characters, characters, the OK topic: the Product You the quality, and other incoming and outgoing Press the
Select Press the arrow buttons and You this Select Scan of the topic: the Product
Selecting Communication Related Scan You and phone Press the Press the arrow buttons and You this
Reports Select Communication of the topic: the Product Related references Communications You of reports and and or Select
Restoring Press the Press the arrow and You this Select of the If selected or Press the to the topic: the Product You to their necessary. Press the
Select Press the arrow buttons and You this Select of the You Select or topic: the Product
Scan the Scan options to and and of and and to the and the of the A4 the Source Then of incoming to the Reduction On the selected Source Prints incoming or the Prints the On Prints the every On topic: the Product the Communication options to phone
DRD If using Distinctive Service phone telephone assign or to the and assign to each. If this service, the of as the DRD the of the and phone that this service. ECM On Correction (ECM) to of with off Correction (ECM). V.34 On to to the of The If turned and connected to the this higher than the of to Detection On Automatically the to when the tone the off tone This connected to phone Branch (PBX) or (TA) topic: the Product Select the to or
the of of the incoming Trace of topic: the Product Select the option the to of the the Scan and and Communication the header, and Network of the Network of the the the and of the the topic: the Product You header and the FAX Click or Select or Select EPSON Software Select FAX
You this Select You this
the OS Select necessary. Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: You header and using the FAX OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and or Select
and Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: You of them faxing. You to to numbers. these sections to and Speed/Group the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic:
Speed/Group the Product Creating You and the Creating Creating topic: and You of to You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select Press the You this
Select You this Select the to the and the OK the buttons the to the You to characters. Press the OK You this
the to the entry. You to characters. Press the OK You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the entry, and the information. To entry, the entry, and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related and Characters You easy reference. or Press the necessary.
Select Press the You this Press the arrow buttons and You this
Creating Select Press the to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You creating Each include to numbers. You to and combined. Press the necessary.
Select Press the You this Select Select You this
Select the to the You this the to the entry. You to characters. Press the OK You to this:
Select the to to the group, then the selecting as necessary. finished, the OK You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the entry, and the information. To entry, the entry, and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related and Characters You easy reference. or Press the button, necessary.
Press the Press the Press the arrow and You this Press the arrow and Press the to the topic: Speed/Group the Product
Speed/Group the You and the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. Click or Select or Select EPSON Software FAX You this Select You this
Select necessary. Select Dial/Group You this
Select and the To entry, and the To and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and
Speed/Group the OS You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and or Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Dial/Group You this
To entry, To and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To and and OK To entry, numbers, and click OK the as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and these sections to from the Product
from the Product Manually or the the OS topic: these sections to using the Manually or Selecting from or from Connected Telephone topic: You from manually the or redialing the the faxing. Press the necessary. Select
Selecting from or of the following: Select the to the and the OK You to characters. Select to the If to the and selecting the the OK Press the button. If and-white. To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product You from selecting or from the the faxing. Press the necessary.
from Connected Telephone Select Select or the or to If to the and selecting the OK Press the buttons. If and-white. To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays and the topic: from the Product If connected telephone to the EXT the from the connected telephone. the faxing.
Press the necessary. Select If to the and selecting the OK the from the connected telephone. You this
You with the the telephone. Press the If and-white. To faxing, and to necessary. the telephone. the topic: from the Product the while these and and of and art. and to the lighter and 2-Sided Scanning originals the ADF. On when transmitted. On
the topic: from the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command. Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click Print.
If the first this information that the of the Then OK to the information. cover input or phone of then Next instructions using the EPSON FAX Utility, If to cover and information, then Next. Click to topic:
the OS You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including cover the to Select the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the the of as the the to Select from the You this
of the following to choose Select or from the and and the button. Click the and from Select from the You this
Reception Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually topic: and when reception to If connected telephone to the and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic:
Automatically Manually To and automatically, the light to turned or To or off, the If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or If telephone connected, and to that to the LCD that topic: You to manually turning off This tone the connected telephone the connected telephone the You this LCD If hear the option. the active as the
Follow the instructions the to the finished, the LCD Press the OK to the the topic:
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card from Memory Card to From from Memory Card to only memory memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. Memory light force the the the only The memory light flashes and then
Memory Card memory or turn off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with You the following the Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory Memory SDHC SD
Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Card Card Card M+ Card Right You the following the CompactFlash topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory
from Memory Card and the memory light flashing. Memory light If connected to USB of the following: the or utility. Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and from Memory Card Cards from Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product these sections to and LCD and
and and from Displayed the LCD Screen Displayed the LCD Screen Selecting Displayed the LCD topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the necessary. Select Select and You this:
Press the arrow buttons to through and the To the LCD the three Select the to and the to the of to of the following as necessary: To than of the photo, the or to the to To or photo, the display/crop To and others the arrow buttons and the selections Press the OK to of the that You this:
of the following as necessary: To of the displayed the LCD the and the finished, the OK To of the the and the finished, the OK ready to the To topic: and You of the memory or other Press the button, necessary.
Select You this of the following: Press the to immediately of the this inches To of the or type of with the
To than of the the or to the to Press the OK You this: of the following as necessary: To of the displayed the LCD the and the finished, the OK To of the the and the finished, the OK ready to the To topic: and You based the the Press the necessary.
Select and You this: Press the and Select You this
Select the Select option. You this: Select shown, and the OK To than of the that the or to the to Then the OK Press the arrow to through If necessary, the or to the of to
and from of the following as necessary: To or the To of the that the OK You this: of the following as necessary: To of the the LCD the button, and the finished, the OK To of the the and the finished, the OK button. ready to the To topic: and You as the LCD and the to Press the button, necessary.
Displayed the LCD Select Press the arrow and To displayed the OK of the following as necessary: To than of the photo, the or to the to To or photo, the ready to the To topic: and If to or displayed the LCD the and the options. To the photo, the to the yellow or the to the outward. To the the arrow buttons. To the the To the the OK
Displayed the LCD topic: and You the and appearance of the LCD The the of the photo, the Press the Select You this photo Select option the To clear previously the C clear selecting the OK topic: and Select the options to when and the LCD
options On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M. PRINT Matching or Detection the of the option that matches People Night Red-Eye This photo Automatically the red-eye On This On tone to the or the B&W black-and-white to the or the Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to turn off to the effects. topic: and
Selecting Displayed the LCD You the displayed the LCD Press the Select You this Select Select option the To clear the C clear selecting the OK topic: and Select the to when the LCD options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected
from Memory Card options Expands the to the of the On around the Quality Quality Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the the the On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: and You or from memory of Press the necessary.
Select Press the arrow and Sheet You this Press the arrow buttons to of the options, then the option Select then the that matches the loaded. Select then the type that matches the loaded. the selected, this
If the of the following: To allow to the the automatically, To the manually, manually and follow the instructions displayed the Press the arrow buttons to the to Press the or to or of each photo to To other the arrow buttons and the selections then the OK button. To than of the photo the or buttons to the to then the OK ready to the To topic: from Memory Card Select the to when or or or the or of the ID Prints Prints topic: from Memory Card
Cards Creating and Card Template You memory or other and handwritten or First and template Then the and cards. Creating and Card Template Card from Template topic: from Memory Card and memory Press the necessary. Select Select Card You this
Select Select and Template then OK Press the arrow buttons to the then the OK You this Select then to three or to Select then the type of to Follow the instructions the LCD to and
Card from Template ready to template the topic: Cards template printed, to and or to the and the Text and Text Effects. You write hand, and the or it the that
from Memory Card the type of indicated the template the Select Cards from Template Follow the instructions the LCD to the template facedown the with the facing the back corner. the cover. To than the or to the to ready to the To necessary. topic: Cards You containing of the memory Press the necessary. Select Press the arrow and You this
Memory Card from Memory Card to To of the displayed the LCD the and the Then the OK ready to the To topic: from Memory Card You to and from memory memory topic: Memory Cards With Product You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory to memory memory
From of the following to memory from Select the or then the OS with USB the then OS with Select the or from the the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD OS with network the Network the then located within with and OK Select the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Press the Press the arrow buttons to Sharing and the OK Press the arrow buttons to type and the OK button. topic: Memory Cards With Product
from Memory Card to You back from memory to connected to the such as USB flash or CD or DVD the of memory of the memory USB or the USB the USB the front of (such as CD) necessary. Press the necessary.
Press the arrow buttons and then Select Memory Card Follow the instructions the to the from and copying to the the finished, memory and the The each topic: Memory Cards With Product
with Product Wireless from from Connected to Product Connecting and From Follow the instructions these sections to with such as smartphone, or other from from Connected to Product or from USB or Charging USB Product You and from smartphones or such as iPhones, and wireless as the www.epson.com/connect to learn about and the of to the wireless network that from to EPSON topic: with Product If that PictBridge it to the and directly from the to JPG and from to the of combinations of type, and and the Connecting and From Selecting From topic: with Product the turned
memory from the the to the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to Turn You this
Selecting From Follow the instructions that with to and turn off and from the topic: from Connected to Product from the Press the necessary. Select You this Press the arrow buttons and Select You this
Select the to then the OK Select You this Select the photo to then the OK to ready to and topic: from Connected to Product
Select the options to when from options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Expands the to the of the around the With or or or photo the or of the Prints ID Quality Quality Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the photo the photo On/Off Automatically the to the selected photo On off Prints Bidirectional On to topic: Selecting From Select the options to when from
options On Automatically the brightness, and of the photo based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M PRINT Matching or Detection the of the option that matches People Night Red-Eye On/Off the red-eye tone to the or the B&W black-and-white to the or the photo Brightness photo Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: Selecting From
or from USB or USB Specifications Connecting and USB or You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product You that these specifications. JPEG with the to to of topic: or from USB or or the turned the of memory from the the to USB or the USB that with the USB the front of
Charging USB Product (such as CD) necessary. If there the and the OK You and from the LCD the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or Related USB Specifications You charge or other connecting to the user-supplied USB that to with with USB Devices that than EPSON the of the information.
Turn to the USB the front of the while charging to charge You the USB to from to If to the memory instead. Disconnect memory topic: with Product
You or stationery with background. and Graph You or with of the background. inches or A4 inches memory memory Press the necessary. Select Press the arrow buttons and of the options (with or without the loaded. You this Press the OK You of with the background.
Lined and Graph Press the arrow buttons to through and the to To the then the OK to the OK To than the or to the to ready to the To topic: You or and inches or A4 inches Press the You this
Press the arrow and of the following or A4 Thin to the OK To than the or to the to ready to the To topic:
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD Screen expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of EPSON responsibly and with If would to to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge Purchase EPSON Cartridges and Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of LCD Press the necessary. Press the Select You this:
Checking Cartridge with The which or expended, Displayed of the following: To OK If to Cartridge and follow the instructions the topic: Cartridge appears try to when and To the the then the the that appears. You this
or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the checkbox the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related Checking the the Product
Checking Cartridge with OS and Cartridges You the of using of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select EPSON You this
Purchase EPSON Cartridges Cartridge the following as necessary: You the clicking or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON topic: Cartridge You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that EPSON and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase and the within months of them. High-capacity High-capacity Black
Removing and Cartridges topic: Purchase EPSON Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to and the OK then choose If the LCD the the arrow buttons and then Cartridge the
the cover. the the and the straight to of the or to If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of
the four or the the packages, or the from the the the the immediately the the head and to the yellow from the of the other or or
the the and clicks the cover and clicks
the The head to its and the charging the This about confirmation the charging finished. off the while the light flashing or If incorrectly, the and the clicks finished, the OK If or and the If the from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing upside-down. topic: Cartridges Related Purchase EPSON Cartridges
With Black and Cartridges With Cartridges With Cartridges OS expended, temporarily from using the as as You with using With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or Click Stop or to If the appears another to the using the or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK EPSON displays Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges If and to temporarily with only or
Conserving Black with Click the the If that temporarily with the to If the appears another to the the of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Preferences the temporary selected. the or Access the from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type the option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there
The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected Click to of to or to using the the Click this to using the If this the software. topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the only You them them You clean the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning Head topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the the Press the necessary.
Select Select You this Select You this Press the the this
the to there the head clean head cleaning of the following: If there If there or the Head Cleaning and Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced.
Checking the topic: Head You the head or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select You of these
Click the to there the head head cleaning
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning If and the the head. You clean the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges You clean the head using the the Press the necessary. Select You this
Select Head Cleaning You this Press the OK button. Select the cleaning to the cleaning finished, this
Cleaning the Head off the cleaning or Select Press the to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to least Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges You the head or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences and or Select
Select Head Cleaning You of these
Select the cleaning to based the Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the light flashing and to the clean; and the to there the head
Head the Head the Product head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Head Related Head Cleaning You the head using the the Press the button, necessary. Select Select You this
Select Head You this Press the to while head You this
the Head the and choose the the each Press the OK when topic: Head You the head using or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head Click Next then to while head You of these
the and follow the instructions the to choose the representing the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Realignment Then another and Click (where to topic: Head
Cleaning the Path If the back of the to sheets of the the to without the the back of the to clean. as necessary the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should clean or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the connected the from the Clean the Clean the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. the ADF and lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), to the and the of the ADF.
Transporting Product Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the Removing the the head and the from Turn off the the from the the connected the ADF and as shown.
the its or with cushioning around the the protects the the If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Product
Checking Software these sections to Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Software or Right-clicking the the On the the the EPSON topic: Related
Product You often with the its LCD LCD or Follow the instructions the screen to the indicated or Then the while Follow the instructions the to to the from the indicated. Then the or Follow the instructions the to the indicated or Then the button. Incorrect the to then the Communication the connected to and software correctly. Recovery occurred firmware using USB and the firmware If this tone detected. the connected correctly and the phone If connected the to PBX Branch or off the Detection Turn the off and then back If the occurred the and protective from the topic: Related the Product the the Where to Related topics Loading
Product the Product Network operating properly. Disconnect interface connected to the Press the necessary. Select Select You this Select You this
Press the the this the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the or the head.
If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons and You this of these and
Software the and header, and Network Network You Select to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic: If hear from these the and protective from the The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the it finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, these turned and the USB or securely connected both If software, the and follow the
Network instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related If the these To LCD text To the of the or the release To off the heard when off the Sound This off the sound topic: Related LCD Screen Turning Sounds these or using or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and
Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or these to within of router or near microwave or such as that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. topic: Network If try these turned and connected to using
Product Not Appear OS Network If necessary, software and topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the EpsonNet and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP using DHCP, the IP manually. and both using the wireless If and the strength. If to router or or such as If the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Network
Scan Network Network If EPSON Scan these If high If while EPSON Scan, EPSON Scan, seconds, and If EPSON Scan off back and try restarting EPSON Scan the option selected as the the EPSON Scan enough to EPSON Scan You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of using Press the necessary. Select Press the arrow and Network You this
Copying Product Nothing Press the arrow and Confirm Network Press the to the (Select to the operation.) the shown the to topic: Network these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the light software correctly. topic: Copying
Product It While Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections with the Product the the Ejection topic: If feeding these If correctly, and the right of the and the the the the the If once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of sheets. If when both of the sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with punched Follow instructions that with the
the Product topic: Related the Product the the Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If the this the from necessary. the including torn the
If the Press the to topic: If of the this the both of the
the the
the follow instructions when the Press the to topic: If the these the from necessary. the buttons to release the and
the to the If the the as shown.
the buttons the as Press the to topic: Related the Product
the Related the If with the (ADF), these originals from the ADF. the ADF cover.
the ADF without the cover or the ADF. the ADF cover then the cover.
the cover. the ADF input
the the ADF input and
Ejection from the ADF its capacity the originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear topic: Related the If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related the Product the or Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge
Nothing Prints Product Not Appear topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the Click and and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first try restarting If that this of the following: Click and Devices and Click and and Sound
Cartridge XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the or Click the Preferences Click the Shortcut Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the allowing to the If the head the the to to the and the replaced, to the its Complete the topic: from Related Removing and Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If using the Devices and Clear or to free existing
and when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the or and the following High RAW as topic: from Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout
Inverted Too Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, try these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when EPSON Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS If unexpectedly, try these selected the and software.
Incorrect Margins Printout If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect try these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS
Printout Quality White or Printout If these the the of the Select higher software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: Related topics Scanned Quality If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded.
Blurry or Smeared Printout the of the facedown the Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS If or smeared, these curled, or of the (the should facedown). with or the specifications EPSON to and absorption of EPSON the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of lighter or that first. the and/or Drying to of the head Then the head, necessary.
Printout or Printout the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related EPSON Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Double-sided Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Double-sided OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or these to of the head Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded.
Printout curled, or the (the should the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Removing and Cartridges If these loaded the of the the Select higher and off high software. to of the head Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS
Incorrect Colors Scanning Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. EPSON and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related EPSON Related Selecting Additional and OS Removing and Cartridges these scanning with Scanning Software Not Correctly EPSON Scan topic:
Scanning Software Not Correctly EPSON Scan If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related references If EPSON Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both EPSON Scan selected power-saving such as or If and EPSON Scan. of EPSON Scan If both and If operating EPSON Scan, try With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or
Scanned Quality Consists of topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: Related topics Quality If consists of these facing the If using the EPSON Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product
of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry If of appears the with cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or blurry, these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these EPSON Scan and the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan
Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these EPSON Scan and Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these EPSON Scan and try Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan
Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK and the matching and of and the software using to they affecting the of To the these EPSON Scan and the and with of the the Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If the while EPSON Scan, try these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality
or Related topics the Product these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or these the turned and correctly to automatically. to this turned that the connecting telephone to LINE or software to the that the connecting phone to and testing If to DSL phone DSL to the phone to the DSL the If telephone off V.34 and ECM Correction and If connected to phone that to that when If includes services, or service. topic: Related Automatically
with Telephone Connected to Product to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software Connecting Telephone or Reports Selecting Related topics Loading telephone connected to EXT that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow instructions.
Uninstalling Product Software OS the of the following to EPSON then follow on-screen instructions: or and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP Double-click or and Change/Remove of the following to EPSON Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the Uninstall from the to software as If that software To the Uninstall the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the Uninstall currently Double-click the Uninstall the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions.
Where to If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these operating Microsoft XP Professional Edition XP SP1 or higher www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or the and
Specifications Scanning Specifications topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications front Approximately sheets to to topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, CIS Photoelectric Effective inches Scanning to and US or A4 to
(ADF) Specifications Specifications internal Light LED topic: Technical Specifications input Facedown US or A4 type to feeding thickness: inch topic: Technical Specifications type Black-and-white and Household to sheets (US or A4) or Color:
Specifications CCITU/ITU with correction correction to (combined) memory to (ITU-T chart (with Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity: to RH Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness to inch to to RJ-11 Telephone A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Specifications inches to topic: Technical Specifications Top: inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications inch inch Top: inch Right: inch topic: Technical Specifications that EPSON and and them. The of other products and of the from the included of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge months Unopened the the
Specifications Specifications to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to Rated Rated month thaws and hours inches inches inches
Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications copying (ISO/IEC24712) Ready topic: Technical Specifications to to to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB computers) the of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications with AC that USB recommended. 1.3GB off to to month USB
Network Interface Specifications and Specifications 2TB and USB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications LAN IEEE Wireless WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES) WPA2 Communication Ethernet BASE-TX/10BASE-T LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Inc. SP88W8786-MD0-2C2T00 This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from non-recommended WEP EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
of the Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products FCC Software Notices Copyright Notice United States This with of the FCC and the adopted the ACTA. On the back that other information, the FCC and the (REN) this You this information to The information associated with the services the to connected REN: 0.1B, type: RJ-11C. The REN to the of that to telephone and of those when called. areas, the of the of connected to should To of the of that to to to the REN products July the REN this of the that the US: BKMFA01BC423A. The 01B the REN without 01B REN of 0.1B). earlier products, the REN shown the This service the telephone to to Should this to the telephone the telephone service temporarily. If they that temporary of service required. advanced isnt the telephone as as You of right to with the FCC. The telephone its operations or that the functioning of If they to to telephone service.
This to repaired. If with this please America, Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: The telephone that this from the the corrected or that the malfunctioning. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and the ACTA. and with this It to connected to that instructions The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and it and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or to this information follow the instructions header information. According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this C423A If about what telephone or This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver.
Software Notices the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to to telephone interface. The termination interface of of only to the that the of the of the This Class with ICES-003. (IES) interface interface tous NMB-003 topic: Notices OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the terms of each software the of the GPL LGPL and Apple Source (each Section years the of of this If to the please the "Contacting Customer or of this and the of You comply with the terms of each software
The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL base-passwd-3.5.7 module-init-tools-3.2pre1 mount-2.12
GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL Apple Source This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its ("Apple Source Apple Source This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes the software which the terms of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD mount-2.12
RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC The of RPC TCP Wrappers This includes the software "TCP Wrappers" which the and of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". "TCP Wrappers" This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the and of the copyright to the "ARC4". "ARC4" ARC4 This includes the software "SHA1" which the terms and of the copyright to the "AES".
Copyright Notice "SHA1" SHA1 topic: Notices EPSON WorkForce and EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. EPSON SM service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON Products Corporation.
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted EPSON Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each user to and of the copyright when using EPSON While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice
EPSON Products Copyright Attribution This of The the factory to that the of efficiency, and the topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-34337R2 topic: Copyright Notice