WorkForce these instructions using Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective the shown. It of the Turn the to the back of the and to to the release to the Then the On If to the the release To the the release to the Dont to without releasing Select Select and country. Touch the to the option. Select Daylight through otherwise, Select the the to the then OK Select AM PM or the to the Press OK when You the and the information, the the the cover. the or then them. the yellow from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. Then the Press the OK to the This about with and of the from the the Dont off the while or this LCD buttons following the instructions the following sections to and software. You A4-, or as as or 10-inch photo A4-, or instructions or the 1-F C 1-F the shown below the of or the with the or facedown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tight. the the the Gently the The slightly as the This Follow to to the clear cover then it loaded. the as shown. 1-F 1-F
WorkForce these instructions Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective the shown. It of the Turn the to the back of the and to to the release to the Then the On the from each If to the the release Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. To the the release to the Dont to without releasing Select Select and country. the cover. Press clicks. Then the Touch the to the option. Daylight Select through otherwise, Select the the to the then OK or PM AM Select the to the Press the OK to the This about when OK Press You the and the information, the with and of the from the the Dont off the while or this LCD following the instructions the following sections to and software. the the cover. You A4-, or as as or 10-inch A4-, or instructions or the the or then them. 1-F C 1-F the shown below the of or the with the or facedown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tight. the the the Gently the The slightly as the This Follow to to the clear cover then loaded. the as shown. 1-F 1-F
the To phone to and to the LINE To telephone or the EXT. the If to DSL DSL or to DSL the software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection this software installation. the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that CD. If the If the Account or OS X: Double-click the Click or OS X) and follow the instructions the Select the options section this information. Then Next or OS X) and follow the instruction options Wireless You the software every from which to the installation, using temporary USB to wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or or USB to the the to wireless Follow the instructions software they to the wirelessly this know (SSID) and network Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). Wired Ethernet included). You the software every from which to If below: Network the right (SSID). If Unblock or Allow to If security (WEP or WPA correctly. If it ABC or lowercase them correctly. Press to ABC lowercase or and Press or the character Press or to the Press to Press OK when finished The Press the to the from to connecting with USB securely connected as shown: instructions copying, faxing, and scanning instructions. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as below. with software Select or when software technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. 1-B C 1-B Software technical ABBYY Recycling offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and with professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Smooth, and business the below to Its as easy as WorkForce High-capacity High-capacity Black wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect WorkForce, and DURABrite and of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-34334R1 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B
options to NOT CONNECTED New and the USB You cant software that the To phone to telephone and To telephone or LINE to the EXT. the the If connecting to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection this software installation. the If CD. If the If the Account or Double-click the X: OS OS X) and or Click follow the instructions the the options section this or Next information. Then OS X) and follow the instruction Press to ABC lowercase or and Press or the character Press or to the Press to Press OK when finished The Press the to the from You the software every from which to the installation, temporary USB to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the to with USB securely connected as shown: If OS or or USB to the the to wireless Follow the instructions software they to the wirelessly this know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who instructions copying, faxing, and instructions. Direct USB USB included). Wired Ethernet included). You the software every from which to Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as below. If below: Network the right (SSID). On-screen with software Unblock If Allow or to Select or when software If security technical (WEP or WPA or lowercase ABC correctly. If them correctly. (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. 1-B C 1-B Software technical ABBYY Recycling offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Smooth, and business the below to Its as easy as WorkForce High-capacity High-capacity Black wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect WorkForce, and and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-34334R1 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B