WorkForce
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the of the Product Locations Two-Sided Scanning, and Selecting Network From the these sections to the and Lights LCD Turning Sounds topic: Product The this the WorkForce The instructions apply to both the WorkForce and WorkForce otherwise noted.
The On light The On The The Display/Crop The Copy The Reduce/Enlarge The Quality The LCD The The arrow and the OK The The light The The the and the The Scan The light The The B&W the Copy section of the The Color the Copy section of the The (WorkForce only) The The The The The Stop The and buttons (increase or the of The B&W the section of the
LCD The the section of the The Scan topic: the You the of the to to To the from the To the the release and the the without first the release or topic: the You the the LCD Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow to and the OK and the OK
Turning Sounds Product Locations Press the Copy to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select Sound and the OK Select the and the OK Press the Copy to topic: the these sections to the Product Top Product Product Product topic: Product
Product Top (ADF) Edge ADF ADF ADF cover
Memory Memory light USB topic: Product Locations
Product Edge topic: Product Locations
Product topic: Product Locations
Product Two-Sided Scanning, and Rear cover the WorkForce LINE EXT AC LAN USB topic: Product Locations You both of the automatically, the built-in (WorkForce only). the (ADF), and (WorkForce only).
You manually. With the 2-Sided option the to with To both of the from or Bright White and 2-Sided or of the Two-sided OS X). If Double-sided or Brochure Double-sided manually; this type of to with the To the ADF, the Scan and If selected Scan to PC option, the and Scan Then of the 2-Sided If using the Scan software, ADF Double-sided as the Source (Office or Professional only). To the ADF, the Copy then the Select and Copy then of the To the ADF, the then the then of the 2-Sided Scanning access, the 2-Sided (WorkForce only) to or topic: Product Related Copying Related Selecting Double-sided Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting Double-sided OS Scanning Office Scanning Professional Related topics the Product
Selecting Wireless Network From the You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the necessary software from the CD. The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Press the Press the arrow buttons to Network and the OK Select Wireless LAN and the OK You this Select and the OK If to the wireless to Ethernet Wireless LAN instead. Then follow the instructions the to wired and the software from the CD. The through
Select the of wireless (SSID) or the manually. To the wireless manually, the arrow buttons to Other and the OK the displayed to as the wireless (or and then the displayed If (ABC) or lowercase them correctly. Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function displayed the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight option and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK Confirm the and the OK to them. If to the
If to and the OK Press the Copy to The light should flashing. If the light off, selected the (SSID) or the incorrectly. these to topic: Product
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Loading Loading Capacity or You of and the necessary.
the the outward. If using the and the
the shown below to
of the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the
the the too tight. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the
Gently the The slightly as the This the and the
Loading If using or the or the follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You of and the necessary.
the the outward.
the shown below to the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the
the the too tight. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the
Gently the The slightly as the This the and the
Loading follow these the of sheets. first, which the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You this inches the necessary.
the the outward.
the shown below to the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the
the the too tight. the beneath the top of the To feeding too the
Gently the The slightly as the This the and the
Loading Capacity follow these If of each or If when that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity type Loading Approximately Bright White sheets Brochure Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool inches
type Loading capacity Based the arrow the or two-sided with the (WorkForce only). two-sided to sheets. or two-sided with the (WorkForce only). two-sided topic: Loading You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON count Bright White inches S041586 Brochure inches S042384 inches S041341 inches S041467 S041257 inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041062 S042180 inches S041067
count inches S042181 S042174 inches S041982 inches S041331 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041809 Quality A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041141 S041649 S042038 S041271
or You Brochure Double-sided inches inches inches inches topic: Loading this this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Quality Iron-on Cool
this Select this or Brochure Double-sided Envelope The only when from they apply to topic: Loading Related Copying
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product
the Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF
the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. the ADF the too tightly. If the Copy the originals as shown:
topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying the information to or exactly the as Copying Copying Copying Copying Copying You or the or the ADF. the to the recommended of Press the Copy You this
Copying To than the or buttons to the to If to the of the or right arrow buttons to the To of the displayed the LCD the and Copy the OK and the access, the 2-Sided (WorkForce only) to two-sided the Reduce/Enlarge to or the Quality to ready to of the buttons the Copy section of the To the Stop topic: Copying Related Copying Copying Copying Related topics Loading the Product You or black-and-white and of including You the as photo the the to the recommended of sheets. Press the Copy You this
Press the Copy/Restore and the OK You this To as On If or this off. Then the OK the the OK to to or the or the as shown the LCD them least inch Press the OK to or
the LCD of the following: To than of the photo, the or to the to To or photo, the Display/Crop If copying than photo, the arrow to the photo. Then the selections Press the OK to You this: To of the the LCD the and Copy the OK and the ready to of the the Copy section of the To the topic: Copying Related Copying Copying Copying
Copying Copying Related topics Loading the Product Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool Double-sided Brochure topic: Copying Select the that matches the loaded. You these inches inches
Copying inches inches A4 inches topic: Copying Select the and Copy to Not options or other copying Copying option the and ADF to 2-Sided 1>1-Sided (WorkForce 1>2-Sided only) 2>1-Sided 2>2-Sided Expands the to the of the With around the Copy originals Reduce/Enlarge Custom Automatically the the as the Custom Automatically the to the selected and Automatically from to another other Quality only) Quality the highest
Copying option the of originals when Direction Vertical-Short or appear the front of the when the the amount of On Automatically the brightness, and of Creates and white of B&W topic: Copying
From with Selecting or from and its software as the It to to software with with OS or with OS Product Related Checking Software You with as these Selecting Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Preset or Selecting topic: From Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the of the as the You the to Select option: If photo, the then the to You type and to borderlessly. the
If or with the deselected. the of or photo. If Select the type of as the the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided checkbox and the options To of the and the facedown (WorkForce only), the 1-Sided and the options To of or of of the the and the options To and their the To To as that and with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White Quality topic: with Related or
Quality Printing Selecting Double-sided Related or Selecting Double-sided You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced Normal text and and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high quality. Quality the the topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting the 2-Sided the
options or other chosen or the Select the WorkForce If the selected, of the following: Select the to the to manually and the to the other (recommended that Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the You this
Double-sided Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If selected the type, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided topic: with You of the options the to Edge Select that the Margin Select options that to allow Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided
Selecting Additional and the (WorkForce only), of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting You of and options or the More
Custom Correction To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the the to option to reduce or or photo Select the the Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. To to Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction Additional topic: with Related or Related or You of the options the Correction to the
Brightness and and tones. If the RGB the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM off software only software.
Additional Selecting Preset topic: Selecting Additional and You of the Additional options to options selected or other chosen. Prints the rotated from its High reduce the to right. Edge Smoothing Prints low-resolution such as Red-Eye or topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More You the options the
or option to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Selecting Click OK or to topic: with the apply while that If to the Right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the Select You the Click the
You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the and firmware. You often the software or this Right-click the the You this
with OS or of the following each type of To often the software the every To the the option. Click Apply Click OK to If choose to the to topic: with Related Software You with using OS as these Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS or OS Selecting Preferences OS topic: From Select the basic the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the the and as necessary. If these the them Select the and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Quality OS Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Quality OS OS topic: with OS or Related or Related Selecting OS or OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced quality. Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the the topic: Selecting OS
OS Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the horizontally. If the option the white topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, with option.You to You type and to borderlessly. the
Selecting OS Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS or Related You of options or selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or
Selecting Double-sided OS topic: with OS or You both of the selecting Two-sided or from the the (WorkForce only). options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided options.
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS or You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the
OS the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the Matching and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the from the the The the the option selected the Select of the Matching and OS
and OS or OS topic: with OS or You from these the and EPSON software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. Red-Eye or off software software. topic: OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking OS Checking OS topic: with OS or the of and Click the when appears the You the
Selecting Preferences OS Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this
Preferences OS with OS of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS or You from these the that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or High reduce quality. topic: Selecting Preferences OS You with OS as these
Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the the or to photo or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the Format
Selecting OS Select the of the as the If photo, with option.You to You type and to borderlessly. the Select the of or as shown the If the To reduce or the of the Click OK to the topic: with OS Related Related Selecting OS Select the the or to Select the You to the option the or another command.
Select as the Select the and as necessary. If these the them to Advanced these
Select from the Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type the Quality to Select of the options. Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related or OS
Quality OS OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the horizontally. If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS You options selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided or from the the (WorkForce only).
options pre-selected or other chosen or the Select of the Two-sided Select the type of as the The software the options that type.
OS OS If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the topic: with OS Related Double-sided and OS You the to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the OS topic: with OS You from these the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the the
Selecting Preferences OS Preferences OS ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the off software software. topic: OS You from the Select from the the Select of the Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these options the that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or
or OS Checking OS High reduce topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the
Product Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To topic: or OS If to the Stop button topic: From
Scanning Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) or scanning, using of these methods. Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning You to buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or With OS with USB to the buttons. Press the Scan button. The options displayed:
Press the arrow buttons to option and the OK Scan to Memory Card memory and the quality, and other Scan to PC as JPEG to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and such as To to first to connected to If connected directly to with USB USB If connected to the from the Press the Scan to scanning. Scan to Memory Card Scan
Scan to Memory Card Scan topic: Starting Scan Select the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options Format JPEG Select Scan Select the Text the type of Photograph Quality Direction the of PDF Vertical-Short topic: Starting Scan the Product You or the when the buttons. You this using the You with OS PDF A4 Select with Select Select
Starting Scan the Scan of the following to Click or or Software OS the Applications Software and Click the and the to or change. the as necessary. Click OK topic: Starting Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan You Scan with OS You Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan
Scan from Scanning You Scan from to and the the You Scan with OS and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Selecting the Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You and them You options and You based the type of scanning. You and and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan
Scanning topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. You to the when using Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to text OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and the If the that to of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the the To Normal instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text
Selecting Scan and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the as necessary.
Scanning Office To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Office Scan JPEG operating or or it You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where To the ADF (WorkForce only), ADF Double-sided Select the and that match the to
Selecting Scan Office Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only
Scanning Professional Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where To the ADF (WorkForce only), ADF Double-sided Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing this graphic such as charts or Grayscale Select this black-and-white Black White this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the
Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional
Selecting Scan Professional You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the as necessary.
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the or off.
Scan Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the thumbnail Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You the clicking the the Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from and optional the Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS
Scanning with OS PRINT II or that include PRINT II and the the displays the created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If using the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with You the Scan to with OS such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. the preview,
Select as necessary. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected.
Scanning to PDF topic: Scanning Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the
Select PDF as the Select other to the Click OK Scan and this
Choose of the following options the If only If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan
Restoring Colors as You Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan You the as them Scan's Restoration You this of the scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration checkbox. selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Related topics Scan Selecting Scan
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR You and the that with processing, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY You ABBYY to to text OS and using such as Then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the ABBYY OS the www.epson.com/support/lion (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support/lion to learn about to the software. Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS or topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this
the the to as the Click the Scan to Other You the Select Select and OK WIA option correctly. You the Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning,
Scanning OCR OS or and then the Select and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. the Applications and the ABBYY You this
the From and Select the the to as the Select the type of to Scan the used. Select and Scan and the Scan while to Click to the Scan and necessary.
You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR)
Connecting Telephone or these sections to using This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and You to telephone to or If to the to telephone or to If telephone to to
the phone to telephone and to the LINE If telephone included DSL DSL to the to to the or DSL the
Telephone DSL DSL If telephone or to the from the EXT
the phone to telephone or and to the EXT If and turned the to higher than the of to or connected to the EXT to when the with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: with header and the to If of to the and the Product the the OS
the Product Selecting Country or topic: these sections to features using the Selecting Country or Selecting the and Information and Characters Selecting and Selecting Communication Reports Restoring topic: faxing, the country or which using If the country or to their and them Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Selecting the and Select Country/Region and the OK Select country or and the OK You If the correct, and the OK (If and retry.) the country or the to the topic: the Product faxing, the and daylight phase and choose and Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Select and the OK You this Select the to and the OK the buttons the to the then the OK Select the to and the OK the buttons the to the AM or PM selected 12-hour then the OK Select Daylight and the OK
Information Select of the following the and the OK or and Daylight (DST) or winter or Daylight (DST) selection, to the If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock hour. from to the clock back hour. topic: the Product faxing, and to the header to the of the Press the Press the You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK You this
and Characters the to the such as or business You to characters. Select and the OK to to the Select and the OK the the to to characters. You to international that of the Press the OK to to the Press the Copy to topic: the Product Related and Characters Follow these to and characters You the LCD or the the
Selecting and Press the arrow to highlight character or function displayed the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight option and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK topic: the Product You the quality, and other incoming and outgoing Press the Press the You this
Selecting Select or and the OK of the Press the Copy to topic: the Product Related You and Press the Press the You this
Reports Select Communication and the OK button. of the Press the Copy to topic: the Product Related You of reports and and You to pressing the then the and selecting or Press the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Restoring Select of the reports and the OK Press of the buttons the section of the to the topic: the Product Related You to their necessary. Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK button. You this
Select of the options and the OK You Select or and the OK topic: the Product Related Select the options to outgoing To options as the New then and and of and art. and to the and
2-Sided Scanning originals the ADF. (WorkForce On only) topic: the Product Select the options to to the incoming A4 Reduction On of incoming to the the selected to Prints incoming or On Prints the transmitted On Prints the the topic: the Product the Communication options to phone
DRD If Distinctive Service telephone or phone to the and assign to each. If this service, the of as the DRD the of the and that this service. ECM On Turns Correction (ECM) to of with off Correction (ECM). V.34 On to to the of The If turned and connected to the this higher than the of to Detection On Automatically the to when the tone the off tone This connected to phone Branch (PBX) or (TA) topic: the Product Select the option information to or
the of of the incoming Trace of topic: the Product Select the option the to of the the and the header, and Network of the Network of the the the and of the the topic: the Product You header and the Click or Select or Select Software
You this You this
the OS necessary. Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the option. topic: You header and the OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and or Select
and Double-click FAX You this Select FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the topic: You of them faxing. You to to numbers. these sections to and Speed/Group the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic:
Speed/Group the Product Creating You and the Creating Creating topic: and You of to You to and combined. Press the Press the You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK button. You this
Select the to the and the OK the the to the You to characters. Press the OK You this the to the You to characters. Select and the OK You to the
the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the entry, the OK and the information. To entry, the entry, the OK and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related and Characters You easy reference. Press the Press the You this Press the arrow to and the OK You this
Creating Select and the OK Press of the the section of the to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You creating include to numbers. You to and combined. Press the Press the You this
Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select You this the to the and the OK button. You this
the to the entry. You to characters. Select and the OK You to this: Select the to to the and the right arrow to selecting as necessary. finished, the OK You to the
the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the entry, the OK and the information. To entry, the the OK button, and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related and Characters You easy reference. Press the Press the You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Speed/Group the Select and the OK Press of the the section of the to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You and the The from the and back memory. You to and combined. Click or or Select Software Select You this
You this
Select necessary. Select Dial/Group You this
Select and the To entry, it and the To entry, and the of the following: To and and OK To entry, and and OK the as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and
Speed/Group the OS You and using the Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and or Select Double-click FAX You this Select FAX the Select Dial/Group You this
To entry, entry. To entry, and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, and and OK the as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and these sections to from the Product the
from the Product Manually or the OS topic: these sections to using the Manually or Selecting From or from Connected Telephone topic: You from manually the or redialing the the faxing. Press the of the following: the to the You to characters. Press the to the
Selecting From or If to the the OK and selecting the Press of the buttons the section of the If prompted, where or If and-white. To faxing, the Stop and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product You from selecting or from the the faxing. Press the Press the
from Connected Telephone If to entry, the button. Select the or to then the OK If to the button, the OK and selecting the Press of the buttons the section of the If prompted, where or If and-white. To faxing, the Stop and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product If connected to the EXT. the from the connected telephone. the faxing. Press the button.
the from the connected telephone. You this and the OK You with the the telephone. If to the the OK and selecting the Press of the buttons the section of the If prompted, where or If and-white. To faxing, the Stop and to necessary. the telephone. the topic: from the Product
the the and while these and and of and art. and the to and originals the ADF. Scanning (WorkForce On only) topic: from the Product You from the to and
Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or button. If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to You to including the Click Print. If the first this
the OS information that the of the Then OK to the information. input or phone of then Next instructions using the FAX Utility, If to cover and information, then Next. Click to topic: You from OS the Utility. You to including cover
or faxing. the command You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the Select the of as the the to Select from the You this
of the following to choose Select or from the and and the Click the and from Select from the You this
Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually topic:
Reception Automatically Manually and when reception to If connected telephone to the phone and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic: To and automatically, the light to turned or To or off, the If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or If telephone connected, and to that to the LCD displays that topic: You to manually turning off This tone the connected telephone the connected telephone the You this LCD
If hear the option and the OK the answered active as the Follow the instructions the to the finished, the previous LCD Press the OK to the the topic:
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card memory of memory the memory and the with the
memory the the oriented correctly.
force the the the The memory light flashes and then memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications
Memory Card Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with using Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory Memory SDHC SD Card Card
Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Card M+ Card Right CompactFlash topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or turn off while the memory light flashing or from the memory
from Memory Card and the memory light flashing. If connected to using USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and Cards topic: Memory Cards With Product these sections to and displayed LCD and
and and From Displayed the LCD Screen Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the Select and and the OK You this: Press the arrow buttons to through and the To the LCD the Display/Crop three Press the to the photo To than of the photo, the or to the to To or photo, the Display/Crop
To and others the arrow buttons and the selections Press the OK to of the that You this: of the following as necessary: To of the the LCD the the OK and the To of the the the OK button, and the ready to the To the Stop topic: and Related Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD Memory Card Removing Memory Card
You of the memory or other Press the Press the arrow buttons to then the OK You this of the following: Press the to immediately of the or this inches To of the or type of with the To than of the the or to the to Press the OK to of the that You this:
of the following as necessary: To of the the LCD the the OK and the To of the the the OK and the ready to the To the Stop topic: and Related Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD Screen Memory Card Memory Card You based the the Press the Select and and the OK
You this: Press the Select and the OK You this Select the Select option and the OK You this:
Select shown and the right arrow then the OK button. To than of the that the or to the to Then the OK Press the arrow buttons to through If necessary, the or to the of to To or photo, the Display/Crop Press the OK to of the that You this:
and From of the following as necessary: To of the the LCD the the OK and the To of the the the OK and the ready to the To the Stop topic: and Related Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD Memory Card Removing Memory Card You as the LCD and the to Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK To photo the OK (Press the arrow to or the as necessary.) To than of the photo, the or to the to To or photo, the Display/Crop Press the OK to of the that You this:
Displayed the LCD Screen of the following as necessary: To of the the LCD the the OK and the To of the the the OK and the ready to the To the topic: and Related Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Screen Selecting Displayed the LCD Memory Card Removing Memory Card If to or the LCD the Display/Crop and the options. To the photo, the to the yellow or the to the outward.
Displayed the LCD Screen To the the arrow buttons. To the the To the the OK topic: and You the and appearance of displayed the LCD The the of the photo, the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select and the OK Select option the To clear previously the Stop selecting the OK topic: and Related
Select the options to when and the LCD options Automatically the brightness, and On of the based the Detection that selected. off below PRINT or P.I.M. the of Detection the option that matches People Night Automatically the red-eye Red-Eye On This photo On tone to the or the black-and-white to the or B&W the photo Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If photo includes with such as to off to the effects.
Selecting Displayed the LCD topic: and You the displayed the LCD Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select and the OK option the To clear the selecting the OK topic: and Related Select the options to when the LCD
options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected On Expands the to the of the around the Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the the photo the On Automatically the photo to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: and You or the LCD of Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Press the arrow buttons to of the options and the OK Press the arrow to the that matches the loaded. Then the OK Press the arrow buttons to the type that matches the loaded. Then the OK button. the selected, this If the of the following: To allow to the the automatically,
Cards To the manually, manually and follow the instructions displayed the Press the arrow buttons to the to Press the or to or of each to To other the arrow buttons and the selections then the OK To than of the the or buttons to the to then the OK ready to the To the Stop topic: from Memory Card Select the to when or or or the or of the ID Prints Prints topic: You using memory or other and handwritten or First photo and template Then the and cards. Creating and Card Template Card From Template
Creating and Card Template topic: from Memory Card and memory or other Press the Press the arrow buttons to Card and the OK You this Select Select and Template and the OK Press the arrow buttons to the photo then the OK You this
Card From Template Select to three or to then the OK button. Select the type of to then the OK Follow the instructions the LCD to and ready to template the topic: Cards Related Card From Template template printed, to and
or to the and the Text and Text Effects. You write hand, and the or the that the Select Cards from Template and the OK Follow the instructions the LCD to the template facedown the with the facing the back corner. the cover.
To than the or to the ready to the To the Stop necessary. topic: Cards You sheet containing of the memory or other Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this To of the displayed the LCD the the OK and the necessary ready to the To the topic: from Memory Card
Memory Card from Memory Card to You to and from memory memory from Memory Card to From From Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory connected to memory of the memory of the following to memory from Select the or then the OS with USB the then OS with Select the or from the the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD OS with Select the Network the then located within with and OK Select the MEMORYCARD the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card
Sharing From From Memory Card to Related From Memory Card from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to type and the OK topic: Memory Card You back from memory to connected to the such as USB or CD or DVD the of memory of the memory
USB or the USB the USB the front of (such as CD) necessary. Press the Press the arrow buttons to Memory Card and the OK Follow the instructions the to the from and copying to the the finished, memory and the The each topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card
with Product from from Connected to Product Follow the instructions these sections to with such as smartphone, or other from from Connected to Product or from USB or Charging USB Product You and from wireless such as smartphone, iPhone, or wireless as the www.epson.com/connect to learn about and the of Download and of the such as and to the wireless that from to topic: with Product If that PictBridge to the and directly from the to JPG and from to the of combinations of type, and supported, and the Selecting From Connecting and From topic: with Product
Selecting From from the Press the You this the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK You this
Select the to then the Select and the OK You this Select the photo to then the to ready to and topic: from Connected to Product Select the options to when from options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected
options Expands the to the of the With around the or or or the or of the ID Prints sheet Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white On/Off Prints the the photo the On Automatically the to the selected photo off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: Selecting From Select the options to when from
Connecting and From options On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M PRINT or Detection People the of the option that matches photo Night Red-Eye On/Off Automatically the red-eye tone to the or the B&W black-and-white to the or photo the Brightness photo Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: Selecting From the turned memory from the
the to the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to Turn You this Follow the instructions that with to and
or from USB or USB Specifications Connecting and USB or off and from the topic: from Connected to Product Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product You that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: or from USB or or the turned the of memory from the the to
USB or the USB that with the USB the front of (such as CD) necessary. If there the and the OK You and from the LCD the light the then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or Related Removing Memory Card Related topics Loading
Charging USB Product You charge or other connecting to the user-supplied USB that to with with USB Devices that than the of the information. Turn to the USB the front of the while charging to charge You the USB to from to If to the memory instead. memory topic: with Product
You or stationery with background. and Graph You or with of the background. inches or A4 inches memory memory or USB or the USB that with the USB the front of Press the button. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons and of the that shows background (with or without the loaded. Press the OK You of with the background.
and Graph Press the arrow to through and the to To the the arrow Then the OK button. to the OK To than the or to the to ready to the To the Stop topic: Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You or narrow-rule and inches or A4 inches Press the
Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons and of the following or A4 Narrow Graph to the OK To than the or to the to ready to the To the Stop topic: Related topics Loading
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of responsibly and with If would to to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges and Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of using LCD Press the Select and the OK You this:
Checking Cartridge with The which or expended, Displayed Press the Copy to topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges appears to when and To the the then the the that appears. You this
or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS You the of using of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select EPSON You this
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge the following as necessary: You the clicking or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase and the within months of them. High-capacity High-capacity Black
Removing and Cartridges High-capacity High-capacity topic: Purchase Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to and the OK then choose If the LCD the then Cartridge the
the cover. the the and the straight to of the or try to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of
the four or the the or the from the the the the immediately the the head and to the from the of the other or or
the the and clicks the cover and clicks
the The head to its and the charging the This about the charging finished. off the while the Onlight flashing or If incorrectly, the and the clicks finished, the OK If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the to the supply or surrounding with the facing upside-down. topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges
With Black and Cartridges With Cartridges With Cartridges OS expended, temporarily from the as as You with With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or Click Stop or to If the appears another to the the or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK EPSON displays Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges If and to temporarily with or
Conserving Black with This with OS Click the the If that temporarily with only the to If the appears another to the using the of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Preferences the temporary selected. the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there
The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type other selected Click to of to or to the the Click this to the If this the software. topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to clean the head Cleaning the You them clean them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head using the the Press the
Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select and the OK You this Press of the buttons. the this
the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there and the OK Press the Copy to If there or the Head Cleaning and the OK and
Checking the Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head You the head or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select You of these
Click the to there the head head cleaning
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning If and the the head. You the head expended, and to clean when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges You the head the the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Select Head Cleaning and the OK You this Press the OK Select the cleaning to then of the to the head. You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, this
Cleaning the Head Select and the OK Press of the to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges You clean the head or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head Cleaning You of these
Select the cleaning to based the Click to the cleaning The On light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head
Head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning
the Head the Product You the head the the Press the button. Press the arrow to and the OK You this Select Head and the OK You this
the Head Press of the to while head You this the and the arrow buttons to choose the the each Press the OK each selection, then the OK when topic: Head You the head or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head
Click Next then to while head You of these
the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head
Cleaning the Path If the back of the to of the the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should the and (ADF) when using the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the and connected interface the
Clean the top of the highlighted below) with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended). or cleansers the Clean the with cloth, with cleaner. directly the and the with force.
Product the ADF cover and lint-free cloth to the and the of the ADF. the ADF, then the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Cleaning the Path If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from the its this the Turn off the
the and to the head the right (the If the the head to then the off the the the from the
the the release and the the without first the release or the its or with cushioning around the the If when clean and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Software these sections to using Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Right-clicking the the On the the the EPSON topic:
Product Related You often with the its LCD You the to topics. LCD loaded. the the the then of the or the On as instructed the There with originals the to they correctly and the operation. correctly. The of IP There with the to and The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service life. The the of their service life. nearing the of its (To of the buttons.) service life. Communication the connected to and software correctly. detected. the phone correctly and the phone If connected the to PBX Branch or off the Detection Recovery occurred USB and the firmware If this
Product LCD occurred. Turn the off and then back If the there the If and the occurred while to USB the displayed and XXXXX topic: Related the Product the the Where to Related From Memory Card to Related topics Loading the Product Network operating properly. interface connected to the Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Select and the OK You this Press of the buttons. the this
the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the Press the arrow buttons to and the OK
You this Select of these options and the OK and the and header, and Network Network network You Select and the OK to the selected (Select and the OK to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic:
Software If hear from these The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the On light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related topics Cartridges If while software, these turned and the USB or securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related references
Network Product to Router or If the these To LCD text To the of the or the release To off the heard when turn off the Sound This off the sound topic: Related LCD Screen Turning Sounds these or using or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network Sheet topic: If or connecting to wireless router or try these to within of router or microwave or such as
Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security using and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. topic: Network If try these turned and connected to If necessary, software and EpsonNet topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If appear the OS try these Turn off, seconds, then back If the EpsonNet and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network
Network Scan Network If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the network Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP using DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing. If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or connecting to or router, switch, or with Ethernet to from another the If and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as If the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Network Sheet If Scan these If high network
Network If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and try restarting Scan the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to Scan You to the firewall and software wireless router or Scan OS or topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of Press the Select Network and the OK You this Select Confirm Network and the OK
Product Nothing Product It While Press of the to the (Press the Stop to the operation.) the shown the to topic: Network these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the On light software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections with the Product
the Product the the Ejection topic: If feeding these If from the and the the the the the If feed once, the the to the and than the of sheets. If when both of the sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with punched Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the Product the the Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If that the these the from necessary. Press the OK and follow the instructions the LCD to clear the
the and touch the white the the to release the and from
from the cover. the cover and
the of touching the feed
the cover. the Press of the to If the other follow instructions when topic:
the Related the the If that the these the the
the the
follow instructions when the
Press of the buttons to If with these Turn off the and from the the the the the and beneath. the back its base, then the the back the then topic: Related the Product the
the If with the (ADF), these originals from the ADF. the ADF cover.
the ADF without the cover or the ADF. the ADF cover then the cover.
the cover. the ADF input the
Ejection the ADF input and the ADF its capacity originals creased or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear topic: Related the Product the If with properly, try these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related the Product
from Nothing Prints the the or Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and
Product Not Appear Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: Click and and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the Shortcut Click OK to the topic: from
Cartridge If light or this the head the (The should beneath the the allowing to the If the head the the to to the and the replaced, to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the and the following High
and Inverted RAW as topic: from Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating
Too these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If unexpectedly, try these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected with option software. the to the amount of the of topic: and Related
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear try these reprinting: interface securely connected both clear from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting
Printout Quality Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading If try these the the of the higher software. the head. topic: and Related Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout topic: Related topics Scanned Quality If white or try these Clean the head. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the facedown the Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading Cartridges If or smeared, try these curled, or the (the should facedown). with or
the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Drying Clean the head. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related references Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Double-sided Selecting OS
Printout or Printout Printout Selecting Double-sided OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or these Clean the head. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or the (the should facedown). Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading Cartridges If these the of the facedown the Select higher and off high software.
Incorrect Colors Clean the head. the head. You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or Grayscale selected software. Clean the head. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related Selecting
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan Selecting OS OS Selecting OS OS Related topics Cartridges these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, Scan OS topic: Scanning Related If Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected
Scanned Quality Consists of power-saving such as or If and Scan. of Scan If both and If operating Scan, try Scan OS topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists of try these facing the
of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If of appears the with cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or try these or warped. This the from the or properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp
Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Appear the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or warped its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these Scan and try Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and the
Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan the This the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the when scanned, necessary. If oriented correctly this option, the and topic: Scanned Quality Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the matching and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality
Scanned Edges Cropped Memory Card Memory Card Not or from Memory Card Related Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these using memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card topic: If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory these memory memory with the the memory the
To or From Memory Card If too memory the or prompted to of the of or of the memory the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications If to or from memory these only memory memory with the securely connected to If to the memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the that the correctly. topic: Memory Card Related From Related topics Memory Card these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic:
or with Telephone Connected to Product If or these the turned and correctly turned to automatically. to this turned that the to LINE using or software to the that the telephone connecting to and testing If connected to DSL DSL to the to the DSL the If telephone turn off V.34 and ECM Correction and If connected to that to phone that when If includes services, or service. topic: Related Automatically Connecting Telephone or Reports Selecting Communication Related topics Loading the Product telephone connected to EXT
to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. the of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: or Select and and Uninstall and Uninstall/Change XP Double-click or Select and Change/Remove
Uninstalling Product Software OS Where to of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the Uninstall from the to software as If that software To the Uninstall the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the Uninstall currently Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following
www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these operating Microsoft XP Professional Edition XP SP1 or higher
Specifications Scanning Specifications www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Specifications front sheets capacity topic: Technical Specifications Related Loading Capacity type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective inches US or A4
(ADF) Specifications Specifications Scanning to and internal Light LED topic: Technical Specifications input Facedown US or A4 type to feeding thickness: inch the ADF (WorkForce only), topic: Specifications type Black and white and Household phone to to internal Approximately sheets (US or A4) or sheets
Specifications correction CCITU/ITU with correction to (combined) to (ITU-T chart memory (with Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity: to RH the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or RJ-11 Telephone
Printable Specifications Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness to inch to to inches to topic: Technical Specifications the expanded A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications inch inch inch Right: inch topic: Technical Specifications that and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Black Cartridge months to to within months of the This function or performance. topic: Technical Specifications Related references Cartridge Unopened the the month thaws and hours
Memory Card Specifications Cards with using Compatible CompactFlash Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory Memory SDHC SD Card Card Card M+ Card
Specifications Specifications DCF or DCF topic: Technical Specifications Related Memory Card Specifications Height inches inches inches (without topic: Technical Specifications to rating to to Rated Rated to inches inches inches
Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications copying: Approx. (ISO/IEC24712) to Ready topic: Technical Specifications to to to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB computers) the operation of externally topic: Technical Specifications with AC that USB recommended. Approx. off: Approx to to month USB PictBridge-compliant
Network Interface Specifications and Specifications CD-R 650MB, CD-R 700MB CD-R DVD-R DVD-R 4.7GB 128MB, 230MB, 640MB, 1.3GB and USB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications Wireless LAN IEEE security WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES) WPA2 Communication Ethernet 100BASE-TX/10BASE-T Wireless LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 CD-RW DVD-RW, DVD+R, and DVD+RW WEP EMC: FCC Class EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
This the following wireless Inc. SP88W8786-MD0-2C2T00 This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products FCC Software Notices Copyright Notice United States This with of the FCC and the the ACTA. On the back that other information, the FCC and the (REN) this You this information to telephone The information associated with the services the to connected REN: 01B, type: RJ-11C. The REN to the of that to telephone and of those when telephone called. areas, the of the of connected to should To of the of that to to telephone to the REN products July the REN this of the that the US: BKMFA01BC422A. The 01B the REN without 01B REN of 0.1B). earlier products, the REN shown the This service the telephone to to Should this to the telephone the service temporarily. If they that temporary of service required. advanced isnt the telephone as as You of right to with the FCC. The telephone its operations or that the functioning of If they to opportunity to telephone service.
This to repaired. If with this please America, Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: The telephone that this from the the corrected or that the malfunctioning. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and the ACTA. and with this It to connected to that instructions The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or to this information follow the instructions header information. According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this C422A If about what or This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver.
Software Notices the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the This Class with ICES-003. (IES) interface interface tous NMB-003 topic: Notices OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the of each software the of the GPL LGPL and Apple Source (each Section years the of of this If to the please the "Contacting Customer or of this and the of You comply with the of each software
The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written Young The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL base-passwd-3.5.7 module-init-tools-3.2pre1 mount-2.12
GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL Apple Source This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its ("Apple Source Apple Source This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes the software which the terms of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD mount-2.12
RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC The of RPC TCP Wrappers This includes the software "TCP Wrappers" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". "TCP Wrappers" This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the terms and of the copyright to the "ARC4". "ARC4" ARC4 This includes the software "SHA1" which the and of the copyright to the "AES".
Copyright Notice "SHA1" SHA1 topic: Notices WorkForce and and of Corporation. SM service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation.
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each user to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice
Products Copyright Attribution This of The the factory to that the of efficiency, and the topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-34370R1 topic: Copyright Notice