WF-3540
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the features of the Product Locations and from the Touch and More these sections to the and Lights LCD Turning Touch Sounds topic: Product The and light The light
LCD Turning Touch Sounds The The back The LCD The arrow The B&W The The topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons and Select Press the arrow and Select Press the to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons and Select Select Sound
Product Locations Product Top and Select of these Sound options, then to turn off the sound: Press Notice To the sound then High or Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product Top and Product Path Product Product topic: Product
ADF cover (ADF) Edge ADF input ADF cover Memory Memory light
Product Path USB topic: Product Locations Edge Rear feed Edge topic: Product Locations
Product Cartridge Cartridge head topic: Product Locations
Product Scanning, and from the Touch cover) AC LINE EXT LAN USB topic: Product Locations You and right from the to or and or memory You and the to service or to
the From the Touch You the memory from the directly to or containing the to the then them of You or the or to the (ADF). faxing, first to as the Then and the to or from topic: Product Related Starting Scan the Product Touch Related topics Memory Cards With Product Copying it of You the shorter and other options to and the From the Touch the the OS Selecting Other From the Touch topic: Product You the to the the Press the necessary. Select Select
the the Press the to topic: You the software to the the of the following: to the Apps and Select Devices and right-click and Preferences Click and Devices and Right-click and Preferences Click and Click and Sound right-click and Preferences XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and Preferences Click the Click the and Option Information You the and Option Information
the OS Select the as the and Click OK to the topic: You the software to the the of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select You this
Selecting Other From the Touch Select the as the Click Apply the then the topic: You the to or that the and If copying selected Press the necessary. Select of the following: Select 2-Sided then On Select then the the LCD Press the to topic:
and More the You and from home, office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to and from anywhere: Print, Remote Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or and to as this the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or as this the below. to learn about and the of
Remote Scan to Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More With Remote software or to anywhere the as this the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the software. the and optional of the to and this Remote the and choose the Remote topic: and More The Scan to service to that with as this the below. instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and More
allows to wirelessly to from iPhone, and the of wireless as this the below. Apple to the wireless that from iPhone, or to topic: Product With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or as this the below. and connected to the the If already follow these to the network that IP the the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the
Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information using Print, or the of topic: Product Related Network Sheet
Selecting Wireless Network From the Touch these sections to Selecting Wireless Network From the Touch Direct and You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD. The through network or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Press the necessary. Select
Select If to the wireless to Ethernet and instead. Then follow the instructions the to wired and the software from the CD. The through Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, and then Other the displayed to as the wireless (or and then the displayed The and to correctly and lowercase and or characters. Press the buttons repeatedly to through characters. Press or to the Press Symb. to Press to the character. Press when
Direct Confirm the and Proceed to them. If to the back If to of the buttons. the Press the to The light should flashing. If the light off, selected the or the incorrectly. these to topic: You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or If the already connected to wireless router or the Direct. Press the button, necessary. Select You this
and Direct Select Proceed to the Network, to the SSID and Select and Proceed If already connected or to Direct, they when the Direct The least and than characters
Press the buttons repeatedly to through characters. Press or to the Press Symb. to Press to the previous character. Press when to the SSID and Select Proceed or wireless to the (SSID) displayed the LCD then the shown. Press the to You AP the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP displayed the LCD Direct these to topic: Related and
and You to features type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Select You this and Select the OK To and to then topic:
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading the Loading the Loading and the Rear Loading Capacity or You of and You of the and necessary.
the the outward. If or the and the
the to
of the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tightly. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the
the The slightly as the This the output and the
Loading the If using or the or the follow these only the recommended of first, which the or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading and the Rear Loading the You of and You these only: inches or inches
the and necessary. the
the outward. the to
the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tightly. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the
Gently the The slightly as the This the and the
Loading the If or the or the follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which the facedown. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You this inches You only. the and necessary.
the the outward.
and right as shown. the the too tightly.
the the and sticking from the of the To feeding too the the The slightly as the This
Loading and the Rear the and the follow these If of each or If when try that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading and the Rear You or of the feed the following this of of these inches
A4 inches inches the and the If using or the the feed and back.
of with the and the the too tightly. first, with the facing and to the right.
the or the the automatically. follow these sheet or first, which the or top first. the instructions. You of with the feed one-sided from topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the
Loading Capacity You or of these the inches inches A4 inches inches You of these the type Loading inches sheets sheets inches Bright White sheets sheets sheets Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading
You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON country. Sheet count Bright White inches S041586 Brochure inches S042384 inches S041341 inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041067 inches S041809 S042180 inches S041062 inches S041141 S041649 S042038 S041271
Sheet count inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041982 inches S041331 Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You Brochure inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175
or Double-sided inches inches inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Loading this this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool
this Select this or Brochure Double-sided Envelope topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product
the Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. the ADF the too tightly. If copying originals the originals as shown:
topic: the Product Related (ADF) Specifications Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying the information to or exactly the as Copying Copying and Restoring Copying ID Cards Copying Copying Copying You or 2-Sided Copying selected this necessary. the or the ADF. the to the recommended of sheets. Press the necessary. Select Copy You this
To than or to the to To If to the of the or right arrow to the to and necessary. ready to of the buttons. To topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Copying Copying Related topics Loading the Product
Copying and Restoring You and the necessary. the Press the necessary. Select More Functions Select Copy/Restore Select On or You this
ID Cards to the as shown. Press of the buttons. or and Press to the of to If originals the the or right arrow to the then to the of To and the following as necessary: To the and the To the then To or photo, then the displayed the LCD to ready to the To topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Copying Copying Copying Related topics Loading the Product You both of ID of of the Press the necessary. Select More Functions
Select ID Card Copy To than to the to to the and of the loaded. Press of the buttons. You instructions the LCD to to ID the facedown, as shown. ready to of the buttons. Follow the instructions the to the then of the buttons. To topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Copying Copying Copying Related topics Loading
Copying the Product Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Double-sided Brochure Double-sided topic: Select the that matches the loaded. You these inches inches inches inches
Copying inches A4 inches topic: Copying Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option Varying the or of 2-Sided Copying 1>1-Sided the and ADF to 2>2-Sided Copy On/Off the of With around the Reduce/Enlarge Custom the the Selects the the 1>2-Sided Expands the to the of the A4, Copy originals sheet Copy originals Automatically the to the selected and Automatically from to another other
Copying option the selected type Source Quality only) the of when 2>1-Sided or 1>2-Sided selected) Direction the of when 2>1-Sided selected) Top Margin the of (only when selected) Top the amount of or appear the front of the when the Automatically switches the when only) Quality the highest
topic: Copying
From with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Preset or Selecting topic: From Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of the Source where the to Select the of the as the You the to to the
If You to options You type and to without the Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or of of the the and the options To and their the options. To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White Source Quality topic: with
Source Quality Related or Related or Selecting Double-sided You of the options the Source to the that Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the and switches to when empty. Rear Selects the the feed as the topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. text and High and graphics with high More that choose of and quality. topic: Selecting
Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints of to Click the to and options. topic: Selecting You both of the selecting the 2-Sided the options or other chosen or the Select the 2-Sided checkbox. If the selected, of the following: Select the to the to manually and the to the other (recommended that Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the You this
Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided topic: with Related Selecting You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the
Selecting Additional and Margin Select options that to allow Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided You of and options or the
To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the Select the to option to reduce or or photo Select the the Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to To to
Custom Correction To header or footer to then to the text and location. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with Related or You of the options the Correction to the
and Additional Brightness and and tones. the selected the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software using software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Additional Prints the rotated from its High reduce quality. the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and
Selecting Preset You of the options to or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the These with You to the following information, which from the topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More You the the
of the to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with
or Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this Click OK or to topic: with the apply only while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software the and right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with using OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the the or to photo or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them Select the and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these Select the Source to from.
Source OS Quality OS Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related Selecting OS or OS You of the options the Source to the that Selects the as the Selects the as the Rear Selects the the as the topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with quality.
OS Selecting OS with reduced quality. Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high quality. Quality the quality, the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white topic: Selecting OS to the and from the
Selecting OS If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to You type and to without the Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the
Selecting Double-sided OS To of the of the Sheet To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided Long-Edge to bound the of the
OS Short-Edge to bound the of the the of Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the Matching and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the
and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the and OS topic: with OS You from these the and EPSON software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software using only software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this:
Preferences OS Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the that that or when Paper/Bright White as the or temporary to when expended. Switching Automatically switches to the other when of the of High reduce quality.
or OS Checking OS white white that appear when Warning Notifications choose whether or to from the software when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the
Select the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the To the To the then the topic: or OS
Product If to the topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product Touch You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, of these Scan the Product Touch Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You to using selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or Press the Select Scan The options displayed:
Select option. Scan to Memory Card memory and the quality, and other Scan to to that with Scan to PC as JPEG to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and attaches to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and such as Scan to PC (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the To to first to connected to If directly to with USB USB to
Scan to Memory Card If connected to the from the to scanning. Scan to Memory Card Scan topic: Starting Scan Related Scan to Select the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options originals Scanning the ADF On Select the Scan the type of Text Photograph Select the of PDF the of Direction PDF Top A4 Select with Select Select Select highest
Scan Starting Scan the Scan Scan to Memory Card options to the lighter and topic: Scan the Product Touch You or the when to the buttons. You this the of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or change. the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Starting Scan the Product Touch You the Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan
OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or You Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning You Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You Scan this:
Scan when first topic: Starting Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Selecting the Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and You based the type of scanning. You and and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan
Scanning Office topic: Selecting Scan Office Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, If using the ADF, from the
Source Office Select the and that match Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If using the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Scanning Scanning Professional Selecting Scan You these Source options Scan Office
Selecting Scan Office Automatically where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You these options Scan Office other chosen.
Scanning Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the checkbox. Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. You the when Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to text using OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Scanning Office Scanning Professional Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light.
Selecting Scan from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which areas text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
Scanning Professional To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF Double-sided If the ADF, from the Select the type of as the or the of and as the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose as the Source of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to You chose as the Source Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional
Source Professional Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Scanning Office Scanning Selecting Scan You these Source options Scan Professional Table Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white
Selecting Scan Professional Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to click the Copy to the existing and the To the then the If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of using graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the users only.) Click the to the
Selecting Scan Professional Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the
Scan or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the using the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its image-editing Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high quality. the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from and optional the Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the using PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS
Scanning with OS PRINT II or that include PRINT II and the the displays the TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If scanning the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with image-editing such as With OS or to scanning with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan
Scanning Scanning to PDF the selected. topic: Scanning software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) topic: Scanning Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the
Select PDF as the Select other to the Click the to Click OK Scan and this
Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the using the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the Scan Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan
Restoring Colors as You Scan Related topics the Product You the as them Scan's Restoration You this of the Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration checkbox. selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the Scan Selecting the Scan Related topics the Product Selecting Scan
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR You and the that with processing, spreadsheet, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY OS ABBYY to to text first using such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. of the following to ABBYY to the Apps and ABBYY (other Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this
Select the the to as the Click the Scan to Other or the that with the to to. If the and OK WIA option correctly. You the Select Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning,
Scanning OCR OS and then the Select and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Related topics the Product You the ABBYY OCR to to OS ABBYY to to text first using such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or scanning. the Applications and the ABBYY You this
the From and Select the the to as the Select the type of to Scan the used. Select and Scan and the Scan while to Click to the Scan and necessary.
You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Related Scanning with OS Related topics the Product
Connecting Telephone or these sections to using This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of network and Connecting Telephone or and You to telephone to or If to the to telephone or to phone If telephone to to
to telephone and to the LINE If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or using DSL or ISDN the DSL
Telephone DSL DSL ISDN phone
ISDN or ISDN router ISDN numbers)
ISDN or ISDN router
If connecting or to phone the from the EXT
to telephone or and to the EXT If and turned the of to that higher than the of phone or connected to the EXT to incoming when the with phone or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: Related Automatically with header and the to If of to the and
the Product Selecting Country or the Product the the OS topic: these sections to features the Selecting Country or Selecting the and Information and Characters Selecting and Selecting Communication Reports Restoring topic: Related the the OS faxing, the country or which If the country or to their and them Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then
Selecting the and and and Country/Region or necessary, then country or You If the correct, (If and retry.) the country or the to the topic: the Product faxing, the and phase and choose and Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then
Select Select Daylight Select the that to winter or Daylight (DST) or and Daylight (DST) selection, to the If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock hour. from to its clock back hour.
Information Select Select the to the to the then Select the to the to the AM or PM selected 12-hour then You to the topic: the Product faxing, and to the header to the of the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then
and then Select Communication and then Select the to the such as or business You to characters. Select You to the
and Characters Select the to to characters. international that of the the Select You to the topic: the Product Related and Characters Follow these to and characters and
To text or characters, the the the character or appears. To the Symb. the appears. To phone To the to the To the character, topic: the Product
Selecting and Selecting Communication You the and other and outgoing Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then and then Select or of the Press the to topic: the Product Related You and Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then
Reports and then Select Communication of the Press the to topic: the Product Related You of reports and and You to to or Press the necessary.
Select Select Advanced and then of the Press of the to the topic: the Product
Restoring Related You to their necessary. Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then and then Select of the options. You Select or topic: the Product Related the options to outgoing
and and of and art. and to to the lighter and 2-Sided originals the ADF. On On Prints the On Prints the transmitted every the topic: the Product the options to Allows incoming should printed. (A telephone connected to the On Automatically and the of the incoming A4
Source Prints Prints Automatically switches the when only) Reduction On of incoming to the of selected as the Prints incoming or topic: the Product the options to phone DRD If Distinctive Service phone telephone or phone to the and assign to each. If this service, the of as the DRD the of the and phone that this service. ECM On Correction (ECM) to of with off Correction (ECM). Fast(33,600bps) Medium(14,400bps) Slow(9,600bps)
to to the of The If and connected to the this higher than the of to Tone Detection On Automatically the phone to when the tone the off tone This connected to phone Branch (PBX) or (TA) the header information outgoing topic: the Product Select the or to or of of of the incoming
the Trace of topic: the Product Select the to of the the and the header, and of the of the the the and of the the topic: the Product You header and the FAX of the following: to the (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this
Select prompted.) You this
the OS Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: Related topics the Product You header and the FAX OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this
and Speed/Group the Product Creating Select FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to information and information, the FAX topic: Related topics the Product You of them faxing. You to to numbers. these sections to and Speed/Group the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic: You and the Creating Creating topic: and Related Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS You of to
You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select Select Select Select the to the
the to the You to characters. You this the to the entry. You to characters. Select You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the entry, and the information. To the Proceed and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related You easy reference. Press the button, necessary.
Select Select Advanced and then and then Press of the to the topic: Speed/Group the Product
Creating You creating Each include to numbers. You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select Select Select Select Select the to the the to the You to characters. Select Select the to to the and to selecting as necessary. finished, You to the
the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the entry, and the information. To entry, the Proceed and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related Creating You easy reference. Press the necessary. Select Select Advanced
Speed/Group the and then and then Press of the buttons to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You and the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. of the following: to the (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this
Select (Select prompted.) You this
Select Dial/Group You this Select and the To and the To entry, and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the as to or finished, the to the to memory.
Speed/Group the OS topic: and Related topics Speed/Group the Product You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Dial/Group
from the Product You this To entry. To entry, and the information. To and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the previous as necessary to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics Speed/Group the Product these sections to from the Product the the OS topic: these sections to the Manually or Selecting from or from Connected Telephone Broadcasting
Manually or topic: You from manually the or redialing the the faxing. Press the necessary. Select of the following: Select the the LCD then the to the You to characters. Press to the If to and If and-white.
Selecting from or Press of the buttons. If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product Related Related and Characters Related topics the Product You from selecting or from the the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select Select the or to If to and If and-white. Press of the buttons. If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays and the topic: from the Product Related
from Connected Telephone Related topics the Product Speed/Group the Product If connected to the EXT the from the connected telephone. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select the from the telephone. Select the LCD with the the telephone. If to and If and-white.
Broadcasting Press of the buttons. If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the telephone. the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You easily to the or or numbers. You the to to numbers. You only black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select
Select Advanced Select Broadcast Select New then of the following: Select then the to manually numbers. Select Select From then or entry. the to necessary. finished selecting If to and Press the B&W If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You of You black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the button, necessary.
Select or from or Select Advanced Select Select On the to then If to and Press the B&W If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the the specified You the If the or there displays and the topic: from the Product While these options.
the and and of and art. and the and 2-Sided originals the ADF. On topic: from the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command. You this:
with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click Print. If the first this
the OS information that the of the Then OK to the information. cover input or of then Next instructions the FAX Utility, If to cover and information, then Next. Click to topic: You from OS using the FAX Utility. You to including cover
the to Select the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to Select from the You this
of the following to choose Select or from the and and the Click the and from Select from the You this
Reception Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Automatically Manually topic: and when reception to If connected telephone to the phone and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic:
Automatically Manually To and automatically, the to turned or To or off, If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or If telephone connected, and it to that to the LCD displays that topic: Related Related Manually You to manually turning off This tone the connected telephone
the connected telephone the If hear the LCD Press of the buttons, then the Press of the buttons to the topic: Related references Related Automatically
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card memory memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. force the the the The memory light flashes and then memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card
Memory Card Memory Card Specifications topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: Memory Card
Memory Card from Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing. If connected to USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the or the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and topic: Memory Cards With Product
and and these sections to and LCD and Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the necessary. Functions Select You this: through necessary and photo to You of the photo:
Press to the To and the following as necessary: To than of the photo, or to the to To the and the To the then To or then the the LCD to To and others the arrow and the selections ready to the To topic: and Related Related Displayed the LCD
You of the memory or other Press the necessary. Select More Functions Select You this: Select then choose Select Choose Select You this
Select or to the of of each photo, then Select and choose the of ready to the To topic: and Related You based the the Press the necessary. Select More Functions Select You this:
Select then choose Choose Select You this: Select shown, then Proceed Select or to the of of each photo, then Select and choose the of
Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD ready to the To topic: and Related references If to the LCD and the options. To the photo, to the or to the outward. To the the arrows. To the the arrow. To the OK then topic: and You the and appearance of the LCD The only the of the the then
You this Select photo Select option the To clear previously the Stop/Reset button. selecting the back topic: and Related Select the options to when and displayed the LCD
options On the brightness, and of the photo based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M. PRINT or the of Detection the option that matches photo People Night Red-Eye Automatically the On On tone to the or the B&W black-and-white to the or the photo Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: and
Selecting Displayed the LCD You the the LCD Select You this Select Select option the To clear previously the selecting the back topic: and Printing Related Select the to when the LCD options Indicates the of
options Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Source Prints Prints Automatically switches the when only) Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the the the On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: and You or displayed the LCD of Press the necessary. Select More Functions You this
to the then the Select then the that matches the loaded. Select then the type that matches the loaded. Select Proceed the selected, this If the of the following: To allow to the the automatically,
To the manually, manually and follow the instructions displayed the Select the to Press or to or of each to To other through and the selections Then Proceed To than of the or to the to Then Proceed Select the ready to the button. To topic: from Memory Card Related Related Displayed the LCD Select the to when Prints or or or photo the or of the ID Prints topic:
Memory Card From You to and from memory memory From from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Press the necessary. Select and Select type. topic: Memory Card
from Memory Card to Related Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory connected to memory memory of the following to memory from the or then the OS with USB the or then OS with network Select the or the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Removing Memory Card
with Product from Connected to Product Connecting and From Follow the instructions these sections to with such as USB or other from Connected to Product or from USB or Charging USB Product If that PictBridge to the and directly from the to JPG and from to the of of type, and supported, and the Connecting and From Selecting From topic: with Product the memory from the the to the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to
Turn You this Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the topic: from Connected to Product Related Memory Card Related topics Loading
Selecting From from the Press the necessary. Select and You this Select the to then the back Select Select the to then the to ready to and photos. topic: from Connected to Product Select the options to when from
options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Source Prints Prints Automatically switches the when only) Expands the to the of the With around the or or or the or of the Prints photo Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white On/Off Prints the the the photo On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: Selecting From
Select the options to when from options the brightness, and On of the photo based the Detection that selected off below PRINT or P.I.M the of Detection the option that matches photo People Night Automatically the Red-Eye On/Off tone to the or the black-and-white to the or B&W photo the photo photo Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: Selecting From
or from USB or USB Specifications Connecting and USB or You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product You that these specifications. JPEG with the to to of topic: or from USB or or the turned the of memory from the the to USB or the USB that with the USB the front of
Charging USB Product (such as CD) necessary. If there the and the OK You and from the LCD the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or Related Removing Memory Card Related topics Loading and You charge or other connecting to the user-supplied USB that to with with USB Devices that than the of the information. Turn to the USB the front of the
while charging to charge You the USB to from to If to the memory instead. memory topic: with Product
You or stationery with photo background. and Graph You or with of the background. of these inches or A4 inches memory memory Press the necessary. Select More Functions and You this Press the arrow buttons and of the options (with or without Select You of the memory
Select the to as the background You of with the the background. of the following as necessary: To the arrow to through and the to To the ready, Proceed You to Select Proceed To than or to the to ready to of the buttons. To topic: Related Memory Card Related topics Loading
Lined and Graph You or narrow-rule and of these inches or A4 inches Press the button, necessary. Select More Functions and You this Select of the options shown the Select to Proceed To than or to the to ready to of the buttons. To topic: Related topics Loading
Cartridges and Cartridge and Checking Cartridge the LCD The that flushed from the head cleaning. or the the of its service life, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of and boxes and with If would to and boxes to please to information. Cartridge and Purchase Cartridges and Removing and Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with the and its software when or expended, or when the to replaced. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge and With Checking Cartridge and With OS topic: Cartridges and You the of LCD Press the necessary. Select Select The displayed.
Checking Cartridge and With Displayed of the following: To OK If to Cartridge and follow the instructions the topic: Cartridge and Related Removing and Cartridges appears try to when and or To the the the then You this
or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge and With OS the You the of and of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select EPSON You this
the following as necessary: You the and clicking or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge and Related Removing and Cartridges
Purchase Cartridges and Cartridge and the You purchase boxes, and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge and topic: Cartridges and these when or purchase or T671000 within months of the High-capacity High-capacity Black topic: Purchase Cartridges and
Removing and Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to replaced, then Proceed and follow the instructions the If the LCD the then Cartridge the
the cover. of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the the and the straight to
Gently the four or as shown. Then the from the or or the the the immediately the the head and to the
the the and clicks the and clicks the to If that incorrectly, the the cover, and the it clicks Then the cover and the
With Black and Cartridges With Cartridges off the If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing upside-down. topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and expended, temporarily from the as as You with With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges and If that temporarily with and to or To this Click Stop or to If the appears another to the using the or
With Cartridges OS Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges If and to temporarily with only or Click the the If that temporarily with only the to OS Click the to If displayed, the OK If the appears another to the the the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this:
Conserving Black with Select On as the temporary Click OK the or the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there
the The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to the the Click this to using the If this the topic: Cartridges and that and than the from sunlight. Press the to off the the from its touch the the
Press the and the cover). the as shown and of its the or Warning: If it thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the of the reach of children and the
the the that with the the and of the the and the the cover).
topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product Touch If to to clean or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges and If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You them them You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges and You to Checking the the Product Touch Checking the topic: Head You the head the
Press the necessary. Select You this Select You this
Checking the Press of the buttons. The the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there If there or the Clean the Head and Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to least Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and Loading You the head or sheets of the (or
of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select You this: Click the to there the head
Head Cleaning head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and Loading If and the the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Touch Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges and
Cleaning the Head the Product Touch You the head using the Press the necessary. Select Select You this Select Head Cleaning You this
Select Proceed Select the cleaning to the to which cleaning. You cleaning selected the cleaning finished, the off the cleaning or Select Press of the buttons to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head Checking the the Product Touch Related topics Cartridges and
Cleaning the Head You the head or sheets of the (or of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head Cleaning You this:
the cleaning to based the Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to clean the head If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head the Product Touch Checking the the Product Touch
Head the Head the Product Touch Related topics Cartridges and If become or blurry, of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product Touch the Head topic: Quality You the head the Press the necessary. Select Select You this
the Head Select Head You this Press of the buttons to while head the printed, of to the each the and choose the the each then Proceed selected the the topic: Head You the head or of the (or of the following: Right-click the the
OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Click Next then to while head You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next
Cleaning the Path If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head If the back of clean the to of the the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should or thinner to the or or other the or the rear when using to Turn off the the connected the from the Clean the Clean the and the the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force.
If appear the or the the the ADF and lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), to clean the and the of the ADF.
Transporting Product Clean the and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or it as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from Turn off the the from the the the and the its or with cushioning around the the protects the
the If when clean and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Head Cleaning
Checking Software these sections to Checking Software Product Product Network from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of
Product OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic: You often with the its LCD You information and how-to instructions the Press the necessary, the or right arrow and then If the the to the from LCD or If the follow the instructions this to the from the indicated If the Turn the serious occurred. Turn the off and then back If off and the If there Communication the to and software PC correctly. connected. The the nearing the of its of its service life. service life. The You the to the of its service life. You to The the of their service and the the of its the replaced. to service life. Please the of their service life. (To of the buttons.)
LCD The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service life. Please tone detected. the phone connected correctly and the phone the If connected the to PBX Branch phone or off the Tone Detection Combination of IP There with the to and Recovery occurred using USB and try downloading the from If The the and the that the of reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The LCD, or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the authorized service The user-replaceable topic: Related the the (Rear the Product Where to Related Checking Software Updates Related topics Cartridges and Loading
Product operating properly. interface connected to the Press the button, necessary. Press the or right arrow and then Select
Press of the buttons. The printed. of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Head Cleaning to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then
and Select of these the and Communication the header, and and You to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic:
Software Network If hear from these The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related these or
Product to Router or Access or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and network and Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or these to within of router or or such as that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security using and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. topic: Network
Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS If these turned and connected to using (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. If necessary, software and to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the or from the CD that with the instructions the If router, software to to the router. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the wirelessly EpsonNet and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software
Network If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both using the wireless If sheet and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as wired LAN router or to the LED the to which or flashing If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or connecting to or router, switch, or with Ethernet to from another the If the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network Sheet
Scan Network Network If Scan these If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the using Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the button. OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of Press the necessary.
Product Nothing Press the or right arrow and then and Wi-Fi/Network Select Select the the of the Press of the buttons to the (Select to the operation.) the shown the to topic: Network these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary.
Product It While If the the software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections with the Product the the (Rear the Ejection topic: If feeding these If feed from the or the right then the the the the the If feed once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of sheets. the specifications If when both of the sheets.
the Product follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the the (Rear the Product Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If the follow the below to clear the the necessary. from the feed
the the white the the while the cover including torn
the the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the (Rear the If follow the below to clear the the necessary. the then
If the the off, and Then the its and the the
the (Rear Gently the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the (Rear the Product the If the (rear cover), follow the below to clear the the necessary. Press the and the cover).
from the
the
the
the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the Product the If with the (ADF), follow the below to clear the the necessary. originals from the ADF. the ADF cover.
the ADF cover the the ADF cover, then the cover.
the shown.
the cover. the ADF input the ADF input to its
Ejection from the ADF its originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the (Rear the Product If with properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related the the the Product or Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from
Nothing Prints Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing try these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product
Product Not Appear Cartridge If the first restarting If that try this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Click the Preferences Click the the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the to the its Complete the topic: from
Related topics Cartridges and If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the and the following High RAW as topic: from Related or Related Selecting
and Too Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and
Incorrect Margins Printout Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS
Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the Access the or Preferences OS X) and White topic: and Related Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both
Incorrect or from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Additional and Selecting OS
Printout Quality White or Printout If these the the of the Select higher software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head.
Blurry or Smeared Printout You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Head Related or Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading Cartridges and If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Drying to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head.
Printout or Printout Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Specifications Preferences OS Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Selecting Double-sided OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path.
Printout topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges and Loading If these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software If the image-editing to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to
Incorrect Colors topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Preferences OS Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as using the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS OS Related topics Cartridges and these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, try these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related to Uninstall Product Software Related
Scan Related Scanning with OS If Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan installed. If both and If operating Scan, try With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the Scan Scanning with OS
Scanned Quality Consists of of Appears Scanned these sections screen Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists of these facing the If using the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Related topics the Product If of appears the with cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the
Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related the If appears or blurry, these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or warped cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality
Too of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors If too these these Scan and Brightness the and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the and of and the software using to they affecting the of
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped To the these Scan and the and with of the the Tone Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, try these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these with or
or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or these the turned and correctly turned to automatically. to this turned that the telephone to LINE or software to the that the telephone to and testing If connected to DSL phone DSL to the phone to the DSL the If off V.34 and correction and lowering the correction (ECM) turned trying to or If to phone that to phone that when using If includes services, or service. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or Automatically Selecting Communication Reports
with Telephone Connected to Product Memory Card Memory Card Not or from Memory Card Related topics Loading to EXT that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or these memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card Access Memory Card From topic: If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory these memory with the
To or From Memory Card Access Memory Card From the memory the If too memory the or prompted to of the of or of the memory specifications the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related Memory Card If to or from memory these memory with the securely connected to If to the memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the that the correctly. topic: Memory Card Related references Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related topics Memory Card If memory from connected to these You the Memory Card to the Trash. the Trash and the
to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software topic: Memory Card If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: and Uninstall or the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change
Uninstalling Product Software OS XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the sheet to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan, or and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software
Where to If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and Accessories You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Memory Card Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3
Specifications Scanning Specifications (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications front Capacity inches thickness topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective Rear top Approximately sheets to inch thickness
(ADF) Specifications Specifications inches Scanning to and internal Light LED Scanning restricted too topic: Technical Specifications input Facedown US or A4 type weight to feeding thickness: inch Two-sided topic: Technical Specifications type Black-and-white and US or A4 to Approximately sheets (US or A4) or
Specifications Household phone to CCITU/ITU with correction correction to (combined) memory to (ITU-T chart (with Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or RJ-11 Telephone
Printable Specifications Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness inch to inch to inches to topic: Technical Specifications the A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
sheets Top: inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications Specifications inch inch recommended inch inch Right: inch inches recommended topic: Technical Specifications Yellow, Black Cartridge months to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge and Height and inches and inches inches Unopened the the month thaws and hours inches
Specifications Specifications (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to Rated Rated copying (ISO/IEC24712) Ready topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications off to to month
Interface Specifications USB Specifications Memory Card Specifications Interface type USB Class computers) the operation of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications only with AC that USB recommended. CD-R, DVD-R, and CD-ROM/CD-R: 700MB DVD-ROM/DVD-R: 4.7GB 1.3GB and USB 2TB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications Cards with USB (CD-RW, DVD-RW, DVD+R, DVD+RW and supported)
Interface Specifications SD Compatible DCF DCF or topic: Technical Specifications Related Memory Card Specifications LAN IEEE Wireless security WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); WPA2 SDHC SDXC Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory WEP
and Specifications Communication Ethernet Ethernet 100BASE-TX/10BASE-T Wireless LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation WLU6117-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications Direct EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to information to products FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice United States This with of the FCC and the the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If requested, this to the telephone Applicable Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and the ACTA. and with this It to to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the telephone the telephone that temporary of service required. isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary.
The telephone its operations or that the of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the If connecting this to telephone please Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the the telephone that the the This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this If about what telephone or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which or charges.) to this information follow the instructions Information". According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions,
Software Notice interference to or reception. there that installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of only to the that the of the of the This Class with ICES-003. (IES) interface interface tous NMB-003 topic: Notices This includes software Section to the of each software
the of the GPL LGPL and ncftp (each Section years the of of this If to the please the of You comply with the terms of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written Young The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL
This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the terms of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC ncftp This includes the software "ncftp-3.2.4 which the terms and of the copyright to the "ncftp ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the terms and of the copyright to the "ARC4". This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software "MD5" which the and of the copyright to the MD5
Copyright Notice This includes the software "AES" which the terms and of the copyright to the "AES". SHA1 This includes the software "SHA1" which the and of the copyright to the "SHA1". topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON TM Remote TM and EPSON TM and EPSON of Corporation. EPSON SM service of America, Inc. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. of Apple Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions.
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each user to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted
Products Copyright Attribution those as as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-37217R2 topic: Copyright Notice