Product Locations Top these sections to learn about the features of Locations The these sections to the Top and Lights topic: Product
cover CD/DVD feed USB Edge topic: Locations AC USB topic: Locations
lights cover head topic: Locations
and Lights The The light The light The The The The and light The and light topic: Locations Related references Light The off of You the off, increasing the reduces the efficiency. the the OS topic: Product
the the OS You the software to the the off automatically. Right-click the the and Click the Click the and Option Information You this Select the as the Click Click OK to topic: The You the software to the the off automatically.
of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select You this Select the as the Click Apply topic: The
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Loading Capacity EPSON or You of and the and the
the output and the the
or and first, the right and the Then, the the too tightly. If of the sheets first and the to the the inch to the back manually. follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which or photo or top first. the arrow the with punched the instructions.
Loading topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You this inches the and the
the and the the
Loading Capacity to the right and Then, the the too tightly. follow these If of each or that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity type to this sheets Approximately sheets**
EPSON type to this EPSON Bright White sheets EPSON A3 or EPSON sheets EPSON A3 or EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON Brochure EPSON Quality Self-adhesive EPSON Iron-on Cool Based the arrow the two-sided to sheets. topic: Loading You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Sheet count EPSON Bright White inches S041586
Sheet count EPSON inches S041809 EPSON inches S041808 S041727 inches S041141 S041649 S041156 inches S041143 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041466 S041290 inches S041288 inches S041289 S042038 S041271
count EPSON inches S042181 S042174 EPSON inches S041405 EPSON inches S041982 inches S041331 EPSON inches S041062 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041406 inches S041407 inches S041327 inches S041067 inches S041069 inches S041070
Sheet count EPSON inches S041467 inches S041257 EPSON inches S041568 Double-sided EPSON inches S041341 EPSON Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided EPSON Quality A4 inches S041106 EPSON Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You EPSON S042180 inches S041468 inches S041260 inches S041263 inches S041339 inches S041343
or EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White EPSON Bright White EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON Quality Self-adhesive EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON
this Select this or EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON Brochure EPSON Envelope topic: Loading
From with Selecting or from and its software as the It to to software with with OS or with OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting Selecting Preset or Selecting topic: From Select the basic the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of If necessary, the Source Select the Quality Option that matches and the to
the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the of the as the You the to Select of the If photo, You type and to the If or photo with Select the of or as shown the If Select of the If to the the topic: with Related or Related or You of the options to options pre-selected or other chosen.
Selecting Advanced the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. Red-Eye or red-eye Prints first. of topic: Selecting Select the Advanced to the and and own Click the Advanced You the advanced
Select the Quality Sheet selected. Select the type of loaded. the type Select the to the Select the of the loaded.
Advanced Quality Advanced Select to photo, or to or with You type and to the Select or as the of or photo. If Select of the advanced Select of the or off Advanced Quality Advanced topic: with You of the to the of the type and chosen. with reduced Normal and text and graphics with and and graphics with and RPM the quality, the topic: Selecting Advanced You of the options to options other chosen.
Selecting Red-Eye or High reduce Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the of Black/Grayscale Prints text and graphics or of topic: Selecting Advanced You the the Advanced to the or off software. Brightness and and tones. If the RGB the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM off software using the option. You then software. topic: Selecting Advanced You of and options or the
To the of or the Reduce/Enlarge and To both of the To of or sheets of the and the options To and their the options. To the of option: To the as the then the necessary) to the amount of
Selecting Preset If the option the white To the its without scaling, as the To to To or the the or checkboxes. topic: with to of You clicking the the Advanced Click the Shortcuts You the
or option to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Checking Click OK or to Checking topic: with this showing the of It allows to and
Selecting To To To topic: or the apply while that If to the Right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the Select
You the Click the You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting
software to the and firmware. You the software or this Right-click the the Select You this of the following each type of To often the software the every To the the option. Click Apply Click OK to If choose to the to
with OS or Selecting OS topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the basic the or photo to photo or the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the the and as necessary. If these the them Select the and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Quality OS OS topic: with OS or Related or Related Selecting OS or OS
Quality OS OS Selecting OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. with reduced Normal and text and graphics with and and graphics with and RPM the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the
Selecting OS If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, with option. You to You type and to the Select the of or photo as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS or Related You of options or selecting from the the
OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS or You the Matching and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the options.
Matching and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the options. Matching and OS topic: with OS or You from these the Matching and EPSON software, or off ColorSync Prints using and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. Turns off software using software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this
Preferences OS or OS Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS or You from these the Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or High reduce quality. topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking OS Checking OS topic: with OS or the of and Click the when appears the You the
with OS Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or OS You with OS as these Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From
Selecting OS the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the Format Select the of the as the If photo, with Sheet option. You to You type and to the
Selecting OS Select the of or as shown the If the To reduce or the of the Click OK to the topic: with OS Related references Related Selecting OS Select the basic the or to Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the
Select the and as necessary. If these the them to Advanced these Select from the Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Quality OS OS topic: with OS
Quality OS OS Related or Related or OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. with reduced Normal and text and graphics with and and graphics with and RPM the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS
Selecting OS OS You options selecting from the the To of the of the Sheet To the of the Direction To around each the from the topic: with OS You the to the or turn off software. Select from the the
OS Selecting Preferences OS Select of the OS topic: with OS You from these the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the using the ColorSync Prints using and to match You the and the ColorSync the off software software. topic: OS You from the Select from the the
OS or OS Select of the Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these options the Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or High reduce topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking OS Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when it appears the You the
Product Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To topic: or OS If to the seconds. topic: From
with Product Wireless from From Connected to Product Follow the instructions these sections to with such as smartphone, or other from From Connected to Product You and from smartphones or such as iPhones, and wireless as the www.epson.com/connect to learn about and the of to the wireless that from to EPSON topic: with Product If that PictBridge to the and directly from the to JPG and from to the of of type, and supported, and the the to the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to
Turn Follow the instructions that with to and and off and from the topic: with Product Related Loading
Loading CD/DVD Follow the instructions to CDs or to Loading CD/DVD Printed CD/DVD from You CDs or (including preferably with white If where the to within inch of the to the the EPSON CD software. burn or Turn the the and the
the the Then the CD/DVD
the included CD/DVD with the the the and then the the the CD/DVD, or the CD/DVD the CD/DVD and the
Gently the CD/DVD the CD/DVD the the the and the CD/DVD while the light flashing. the or CD/DVD off the with the CD/DVD the first. topic:
Printed CD/DVD from CD/DVD with CD/DVD printed, the CD/DVD partially from the the and the Then the CD/DVD If the CD/DVD immediately off. the CD/DVD You to to hours the to it the type of used. from and sunlight. off the with the CD/DVD the first. the CD/DVD or CD/DVD from operating normally. topic: directly CDs or from and the EPSON CD software as the only that CD/DVD or the CD/DVD or the CD/DVD instructions. Printing CD/DVD with CD/DVD with OS topic: You with using the EPSON CD software, as these CD/DVD CD/DVD CD/DVD CD/DVD Quality topic: from
CD/DVD CD/DVD You EPSON CD to and creating effects. the EPSON CD You this the buttons the of the to template or background or graphic information, the finished creating and topic: CD/DVD with Related CD/DVD to then the CD or DVD that or the EPSON CD and You this
CD/DVD selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the If of that the CD/DVD the and the CD/DVD feed closed. ready to the the the Click topic: CD/DVD with If correctly the the CD/DVD to EPSON CD and You this
Select Confirmation Click the the from the to the Top and Right to from the of the and the of the Click then You this
CD/DVD Quality Click then the Top the Height and the Right the (Right) Click OK topic: CD/DVD with Related CD/DVD If smears or the and This to their the of CD/DVD to EPSON CD and You this
Select Confirmation Click the and to to the or the the Click the Correction to or as necessary. Confirmation and the Click to another the to further the ready to CD or DVD. topic: CD/DVD with Related CD/DVD
CD/DVD with OS CD/DVD OS You with using the EPSON CD software, as these CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS CD/DVD Quality OS topic: from You EPSON CD to and creating effects. the EPSON CD the Applications Software CD You this
CD/DVD OS the the of the to background or graphic finished creating topic: CD/DVD with OS Related CD/DVD OS to then the CD or DVD that or the EPSON CD and from the You this selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the
CD/DVD OS If of that the CD/DVD the and the CD/DVD closed. ready to the the the topic: CD/DVD with OS If correctly the the CD/DVD to EPSON CD and from the You this Select Click
the the from the to the Top and Right to from the of the and the of the Select from the Select You this Click Entry then the Top the Top and the Right the Right Click OK topic: CD/DVD with OS Related CD/DVD OS
CD/DVD Quality OS If smears or the and This to their the of CD/DVD to EPSON CD and from the You this Select Click the and to to the or the the from the or the Correction as necessary. Select and Click to another
the to further the ready to CD or DVD. topic: CD/DVD with OS Related CD/DVD OS
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge Lights Checking Cartridge with expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of EPSON responsibly and with If would to to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge Purchase EPSON Cartridges and Cartridges and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge Lights Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of the lights If the light flashing, You the If the light expended. You the topic: Cartridge appears to when and To the the You this
or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the checkbox the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS You the of using of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select EPSON You this
Purchase EPSON Cartridges Cartridge the following as necessary: You the clicking or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that EPSON and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase and the within months of them. (High Capacity) Black
and Cartridges (High Capacity) Light Light topic: Purchase EPSON Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the CD/DVD the and the light flashing. the cover. Press the to the head to the If expended, light appears
If flashing light appears You to the expended. the than three seconds, or the cleaning the head. the head hand; otherwise, the white the
the cover. the the and the straight to of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of
the from the the the the immediately the the head and to the from the of the other or or
the the and clicks Once the that replacing, the cover and the cover. Press the to charging the This about the light flashing and charging finished. off the while the light flashing or If the light the head to its the properly. Press the and the clicks If or and the
If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the or surrounding with the facing topic: Cartridges Related Purchase EPSON Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the only You them them unnecessarily. You clean the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Check Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head using the buttons
that lights the CD/DVD the and the CD/DVD feed closed. of the Turn off the the button as the to the back both the light to flash, then release the buttons. the to there the head
Checking the head cleaning If there the head and If there or the clean the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning You the head using or that lights the CD/DVD the and the CD/DVD feed closed. of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and or Select Select
You of these
Click the to there the head head cleaning
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning If and the clean the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges You clean the head using the buttons that lights the CD/DVD the and the CD/DVD closed.
the seconds to the cleaning which around The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. turn off the cleaning or sheets of the to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Head
Cleaning the Head Related topics Cartridges You the head or that lights the CD/DVD the and the CD/DVD feed closed. of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head Cleaning You of these
Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the light flashing and to the clean; and the to there the head
Head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to clean the head If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning
the Head You the head or that lights the CD/DVD the and the CD/DVD feed closed. of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head Click Next then to while head You of these
Cleaning the Path the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each If or of the choose the each and Then another and topic: Head If the back of the to that lights the CD/DVD the and the CD/DVD closed.
sheets of of Press the to feed and as the clean. topic: Quality
Cleaning and Transporting the Product Cleaning the Product Transporting the Product If or to follow the instructions these Cleaning the Product Transporting the Product To the its should or thinner to the or top of the cover or the cover as writing or permanently scratched. or other the or Turn off the the connected from the Clean the and using or cloth (microfiber recommended). Clean the outer with cloth with the back and the Clean the path, necessary. the and the when the to from topic: Cleaning and Transporting the Product Related Cleaning the Path If to or it as follows.
Turn off the the Disconnect connected from the the cover and that the the to the right (the If necessary, and the then off using the the the the to the using the to the to the immediately the
the cover and then both of the to the outer with as shown. the its or of using the protective that with the otherwise the the the the and If when location, and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting the Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Software Light these sections to using Checking Software Light Network from and Quality to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Right-clicking the the On the the the EPSON topic: You often with the lights.
Lights Light The turned The light The light The the light to flashing turning flashing off the The light The connected to the wireless The light Press the to clear the and to the and the The light button to If sheets the to the If CD or DVD, the CD/DVD correctly. the CD/DVD correctly and the
Light the or the closed. The and the then the light flashing If CD or DVD, the CD/DVD correctly. the CD/DVD and the The light incorrectly, expended, or with the correctly and or incompatible The light flashing The head or another and The light off, to the Turn the off. the and the cover and or other from the path. Then and the back If the clear, lights flashing The nearing or the of their service life. The to the If the nearing the of their and lights flashing service life, the The and the recovery The www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or and lights www.epson.ca/support instructions repeating the topic: Related Cartridge Related Where to Related topics Cartridges Loading to
the operating properly. that the CD/DVD the and the CD/DVD closed. of the Turn off the Disconnect connected interface the as the to the back both buttons the light to flash, then release the buttons. The the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected
the other this section or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Head Cleaning Head Related Where to these sections while Software topic: If hear from these The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished approximately off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related topics Cartridges
Software Network Product to Wireless Router or Access If while software, these turned and the USB securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related these or using Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Network topic: If or to wireless router or try these to within of router or
Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS microwave or such as that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. topic: Network If these turned and connected to using If necessary, software and topic: Network If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the Protected (WPS) and the light the the within of the WPS router. the the seconds. If connecting the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network
Network Network If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as If the Protected (WPS) and the light the the within of the WPS router. the the seconds. If connecting the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Network You to the of To the the the the shown the to topic: Network these sections using with
Ejection topic: If feeding these If feed Then the sheet the right and beneath the the the of the that the the arrow the If once, the the to the sheets, and If when or sheets, sheets than the recommended of sheets. If when both of the sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with punched Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If with follow these the from necessary. Gently from the sheet
Ejection from Press the to If the lights with the Press the to the off. the cover. including torn the cover and the to the back follow instructions when topic: If with properly, these If the to the the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related or Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Occurs, Nothing Prints Product While Product Not Appear Cartridge
Nothing Prints Occurs, Nothing Prints topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from If nothing try these head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. properly while that the of the topic: from
Product While Product Not Appear Cartridge This topic: from If the first restarting If that this of the following: Click and and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the or Click the Preferences Click the Shortcut OK to the topic: from If light or follow these and the replaced, to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges
If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then try the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Click the or and the following High RAW as topic: from Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS
and Inverted Too Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when EPSON Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS that the or software topic: and
Incorrect Margins Printout If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Related topics Loading If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the try these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting
Printout Quality Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these the the of the Select higher software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting OS Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic:
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Advanced Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Cartridges If or smeared, these curled, or facedown the (the should with or the EPSON to and absorption of EPSON the type software matches the type of loaded.
each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of sheet of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related EPSON Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading
Printout or Printout Printout If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or facedown the (the should the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges Loading If these the of the the sheet higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software
Incorrect Colors topic: Quality Related Head Related Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect try these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. EPSON and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related references EPSON Related Selecting Advanced OS OS
to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Product Software OS Related topics Cartridges If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions to software and then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the Uninstall from the to software as If that software
Where to To the Uninstall the U.S. or Follow the instructions the screen to the Uninstall currently Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM,
AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these operating Microsoft XP Professional Edition XP SP1 or higher www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications
Specifications Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications top Approximately topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity: to RH Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or
Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness to inch to to inches to topic: Technical Specifications A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Printable Specifications the expanded Top: inch inch Right: inch inch
inch inch inch Right: inch CD/DVDs
inch inches inch inches outer the clear of to the with
Cartridge Specifications Specifications topic: Technical Specifications that EPSON and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Light Light Cartridge months to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches Unopened the the month thaws and hours inches inches inches
Specifications Specifications (without and the CD/DVD topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to to Rated Rated to (ISO/IEC24712) to Ready topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications off to to month
Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications Interface type USB computers) the operation of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications LAN IEEE Wireless security WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES) WPA2 Communication LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Inc. SP88W8786-MD0-2C2T00 USB PictBridge-compliant WEP EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products FCC Software Notices Copyright Notice United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Software Notices This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes topic: Notices OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the of each software the of the GPL LGPL and Apple Source (each Section years the of of this If to the please You comply with the of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written Young The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL
module-init-tools-1.60.9 GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL
Apple Source This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its ("Apple Source Apple Source This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the terms of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD module-init-tools-1.60.9 RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC
The of RPC This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The of TCP Wrappers This includes the software "TCP Wrappers" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". "TCP Wrappers" This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and owner of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the
This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the terms and of the copyright to the "ARC4". "ARC4" ARC4 SHA1 This includes the software "SHA1" which the and of the copyright to the "AES". "SHA1" SHA1 topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON and EPSON of Corporation.
Copyright Notice EPSON SM service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted EPSON Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices
Concerning of Copyrighted EPSON Products Copyright Attribution each to and of the copyright when EPSON While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of The the factory to that the of efficiency, and the topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-35560 topic: Copyright Notice