WF-5690
Product the these sections to learn about the features of Software instructions this with the software. information the Command (PCL) or (PS3) software, please the the Product Locations and Other and More these sections to learn about the and and Lights and the LCD Sounds the Brightness Turning the topic: Product
and Lights The and light The The The The Stop The LCD The back The and lights The The C clear The B&W The
Information Information Information topic: the the LCD Press to or the information or instructions, such as or the (ADF). One or of the or the nearly Press the to the Information and the of the One or of the or the Press the to the Information and the of the Unread or the If the to or this that received the or memory memory already or printed. If the to received or the or the to the or Ethernet processed. Ethernet Ethernet established.
Information occurred or the searching established. The of the strength. established. Direct established. AP established. topic: and Lights Press the the to the and Function the of and that occurred with the Select the from the to the the and to processed. History the history and the history. Select Inbox to the history. topic: and Lights
and the You to the following and them from Administration information the Press the necessary. Select You this: and Select Select
You this: the to and to Select OK Select and On the locked, the to of the If Characters the LCD topic: the
Characters the LCD Follow these to characters and other To the or To the of To the character, To or To topic: and the You and as This easily them whenever necessary. If or Press the necessary. Select the necessary.
You this: Select New Select the function which to You the screen that function, such as the Copy Select the to and
LCD You this: the displayed to the and Select or the selecting and selecting from the topic: and the Related Characters the LCD You the the LCD This locked If or this Press the necessary. Select
Sounds You this: and Administration Select Common and Select topic: the You the sound heard when buttons the This If or this Press the necessary. Select
the Brightness You this: and Administration Select Common Select Sound Select Press Press to or to increase the sound. Select OK to topic: the You the brightness of the LCD Press the necessary. Select
Turning the You this: and Administration Select Common LCD Brightness the brightness selecting brightness or the and right arrow buttons. Select OK to topic: the The the LCD to to the of inactivity. This turn off. This If or this Press the necessary. Select
Product Locations You this: and Administration Select Common and Select topic: the these sections to the Product Top Product Product topic: Product
Product Top ADF cover (ADF) Edge ADF input ADF Optional Optional cover Optional
Edge Edge Rear feed
Product cover USB topic: Product Locations
Product cover head topic: Product Locations EXT USB LAN Service USB Rear cover AC topic: Product Locations
and Other the and off the LCD screen of You the and other options to and the the the topic: Product You the to the The the the Common If copying selected The If or this Press the necessary. Select the necessary. You this: On Select as necessary.
the Select OK to topic: and Other You the and off the LCD This If or this The this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. Select Common Select You this: of the following: Press the or to reduce or increase the of Press the of the LCD the of from the on-screen then Select OK topic: and Other
the and More You the off automatically specified of This If or this Press the button, necessary. Select You this: and Administration the necessary. Select Common Select and hours). topic: and Other You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to and from anywhere: Print, Remote Print, and Scan to the
the Remote Scan to topic: Product With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or to and to as this the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More Related topics or Wired this Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or as this the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More
Scan to Related topics or Wired With Remote software or to anywhere the as this the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Select the and choose the Remote topic: and More Related topics or Wired The Scan to service to that with as this the below. instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and More Related topics or Wired
allows to wirelessly to from iPhone, and the of wireless as this the below. Apple to the wireless that from iPhone, or to topic: Product Related topics or Wired With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or as this the below. and connected to the the to the that IP the the IP the of the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to
Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: Product Related topics or Wired
or Wired these sections to or wired Direct Protected (WPS) Network or Network You to with wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired Wireless router or
Selecting Network From the with wireless interface Ethernet wired to the wireless router or Selecting Wireless Network From the topic: or Wired You or wireless using To wireless follow the instructions the sheet and the software downloading from the The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Press the necessary. Press Select You this:
Select If to the wireless to Ethernet and instead. Then follow the instructions to wired this Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, Other and the Network (SSID) field. the to Select the field and wireless the The and to correctly and lowercase and or characters. Press or to the Press to the of Press to the character. Press to and Press to Press when and Proceed
Confirm the displayed and OK to them. If to the back If to of the buttons. Press the to to the If the the the of the LCD as shown. topic: Related and Lights
Direct You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless selects of these to with or Access If already connected to wireless and the acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD If already connected to wireless and from other This other to the operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other to the previously Direct
Direct topic: or Wired You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the button, necessary. Press Select You this: and Direct Select and If already connected or to Direct, they when the
Direct least and than characters Press or to the Press to the of Press to the character. Press to and Press to Press when You this:
Protected (WPS) WPS to to Network to the SSID and or wireless to the (SSID) displayed the LCD then the shown. Press the to to the You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct displayed the LCD Direct these to try topic: Direct Related and Lights Related Characters the LCD Screen If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic: or Wired If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the necessary. Press Select
Network You this: Select (WPS) Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS Press the to to the If the the the of the LCD as shown. topic: Protected (WPS) You to the of Press the necessary.
Select You this: Select Network Select You screen this: If connected to wireless the displayed. Select Press of the buttons to the the shown the to topic: or Wired
or Network Accessing the USB to these sections to or to Accessing the USB to to Wired Network Connecting to New Router topic: or Wired You and its operating You this built-in from or other that connected to the as information the the the IP that the On or other connected to the as browser. IP the You the topic: or Network Related Network If already connected to USB to or to wirelessly. of the following: If to the USB from With software.
to Wired Network Connecting to New Router If to to USB the USB connected to Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network If connected to wirelessly, to wired necessary. features. of Ethernet network to the LAN the other to LAN router or Download and software from the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the Select Wired If Select Option the first following the of the on-screen instructions. topic: or Network Related If the wireless router to the router. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network
Related Uninstalling Product Software You to features type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Press Select You this and Select to topic: or Network
the PCL or Software the PCL or Software software, as the To the PCL or to epson.com/support/wf5690 the PCL or Software the (PS3) Software OS If the software, to the PCL or (PS3) software the and to turned and connected to the as the software. Download the and PS3 or and PCL from epson.com/support/wf5690 Double-click the Click OK Click Click Click Next and follow the on-screen instructions. topic: the PCL or Software Related Selecting the Product PCL Software Selecting Software Related topics with the PCL Software with the (PS3) Software
the (PS3) Software OS If the EPSON software, to the (PS3) software the and to turned and connected to the as the software. Download the and PS3 from epson.com/support/wf5690 Double-click the Double-click EPSON Click the Click Click If necessary, the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. topic: the PCL or Software Related topics with the (PS3) Software OS
Loading Loading the the type of when with the PCL or (PS3) software. Loading the Loading and the Rear Loading Capacity Selecting the Each Source Selecting and the Optional You these the inches A4 inches inches the and necessary.
the the outward. If the and the
the front to the of the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the
the the too tightly. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the the as Select the and type of the LCD
Loading and the the and the If using or the or the follow these the recommended of first, which the or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading and the Rear You or of and the feed
the output and the If or the the the feed
the then the outward. If of the first and the to the You sheet of with of the as shown. this type of
of the following: or and first, the of the To feeding too the first, with the facing and the to the the of the
the the too tightly. Select the and type of the follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which the or top first. the arrow the If of each or If when try that curled, or too thin. the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the
Loading type Loading Loading capacity Bright White sheets sheets Thick to sheets and A4 inches feed inches and A4 inches inches two-sided sheets two-sided inches
type Loading capacity Loading sheets Double-sided Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON count Bright White inches S041586 Brochure inches S042384
count inches S041062 inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041341 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041067 S042180 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 S042038 S041271
Selecting the Source count inches S041982 inches S041331 topic: Loading You the and type each the the Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Select the to
You this: Select Select the loaded. Select Select the type loaded. Select OK another to or to to the topic: Loading this Select this or Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Recycled Recycled
Selecting Selecting the this Select this or Preprinted Preprinted Envelope Brochure Double-sided to Card topic: Selecting the Source You as that apply to to the These If these Selecting the the topic: Loading You the the These If can't these
Press the necessary. You this: and Administration the necessary. You this: Select Select the Source options to Select of these options: Turn this to and of when or to the that the when memory Turn off this to and
Source the Universal finished, the to to the Source topic: Selecting Select the Source options to Source option Rear Normal Select Normal to to the Priority On Select On to switch the selected to match the Switching or A4) the selected. Select Copy Select On of these to from that matches Other Notice Notice Select On of these to when the selected type or Notice match the topic: Selecting the You the the the These If can't these Press the necessary. Select
Universal You this and Administration the necessary. You this Universal the as necessary. finished, the to to the Universal topic: Selecting Select the Universal to
and the Optional the Optional Universal option Top the top or Top the top or of the back when On Select On to the This the of the when the incorrect, reduce the Select the to when On Select On to of automatically. topic: the Follow these instructions to the optional to If the optional with the PCL or (PS3) software, the the software. the Optional topic: Loading You the optional to capacity.
Turn off the and the and connected Warning: To shock, the cord. the from its and where to the the as shown, then the the and correctly. the and other and the Turn the topic: and the Optional
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning
the You the (ADF).You the ADF to both of the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. The ADF the lights the ADF the too tightly.
If copying originals the originals as shown: topic: the Product Related (ADF) Specifications Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or Copying You or and of including or the or the ADF. the to Press the necessary. Select Copy You this: To than the or and the displayed to the of of the displayed as necessary.
Copying Select to and necessary. Then the back to the LCD Select Preset to If can't or this ready to of the buttons. To the Stop or topic: Copying Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option With around the or Copy Also, and the and as necessary. ID Card both of ID of of Select the of Source Select the that to If the selected the
Copying option Custom the the Automatically the to the selected and Automatically from to another other 2-Sided Select to 1>2-Sided or 2>1-Sided Advanced and the 2>2-Sided originals or 1>2-Sided 2>1-Sided the of originals Quality Text the type of originals and the of Text Text Varying the or of Select On to the that appear the of when copying or that appear around On when copying thick Punch Select On to the On Copy On to of both and On
Copying option Select to the or appear the front of the when the Advanced Select such as and Sharpness topic: Copying
from with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS with the PCL Software with the (PS3) Software with the (PS3) Software OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Preset Selecting Your or Selecting topic: from Select the the or photo to or
Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of the Source where the to Select the of the as the
Select the of If the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or of of the the and the options To and their the options. To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White On the Source Quality topic: with Related Related Selecting or
Source Quality You of the options the Source to the that only Select Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the Rear Selects the the feed as the topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. text and text and graphics with and High and graphics with high More that choose of and topic: Selecting You of the options the to
Selecting Double-sided and Prints or of Click the button to and options. Prints of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting the 2-Sided the options pre-selected or other chosen or the Select the 2-Sided checkbox. If the selected, of the following: Select the to the to manually and the to the other (recommended that Click the
You this Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the
Double-sided You this Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided topic: with Related Selecting You of the options the to Edge Select that the
Margin Select options that to allow Selects whether the front or back Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting
Selecting Additional and You of and options or the More To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and
Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to To the following features, the that appears when to information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. To to the then the memory without printed. To the the the the cleared from the memory Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with Related or
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects.
and Additional ICM using off software software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Additional Prints the rotated from its orientation. High reduce the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the
Selecting These with You to the following information: The and from the topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You own clicking the Click the or More
You the the of the to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with
Selecting You that apply to the to Access the and right-click the the Select Click the You the options: Click the
You this Select of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the EPSON and and other the of the the incorrect, reduce Thick and from smearing when or other thick each containing the title, and RAW Datatype Increases and other
or Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM Matching Allows to ICM the Source Prints the the rather than the topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
Selecting You such as this Click OK or to topic: with the apply only while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this the and right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from Select the the or to or Select the command You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Source OS Quality OS Select the Source to from. the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related Related Selecting OS or OS You of the options the Source to the that Select Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the Rear Selects the the feed as the topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen.
OS Selecting OS Normal text and Normal text and with and text and graphics with and Quality text and graphics with increased and Quality the quality, the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. Prints and graphics or of the topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the
Selecting OS the of the as the Select the of or photo as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS You of options or photo selecting from the the To of the of the Sheet To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or topic: with OS
Selecting Double-sided OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the options pre-selected or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided
and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS You of the options the Two-sided or to
OS Two-sided to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the
and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Select of the Matching and OS topic: with OS You from these the and EPSON software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
Printing Preferences OS You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or Switching only that that text or temporary Allows to using when expended.
or OS Switching Automatically switches to the other when of the of High reduce Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when shared whether the optional topic: Selecting Printing Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS
Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the To the To the then the topic: or OS
with the PCL Software Selecting the Product PCL Software You with the PCL software as these The PCL software products that connected If connected USB, to the software. To the software, to epson.com/support/wf5690 Selecting the Product PCL Software Selecting PCL Software Selecting and Graphics PCL Software Selecting PCL Software Selecting PCL Software topic: from You to the the PCL software of the following: to the Apps and and Sound and Right-click Preferences and the Click and Devices and Right-click Preferences and the Click and Click and Sound right-click and Preferences Click the XP: Click and Right-click Preferences and the
Selecting PCL Software You this Select as the Click OK topic: with the PCL Software Select the basic the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select from the following To or photo, the To text or of the Text as Black checkbox. To or of both of the checkboxes unselected. Select the of If
Select the of the as the You Custom to Select as the The PCL software A4, and Select the Source that where the to To both of the of the options. only as the To the options. Click the Advanced to the from its or the topic: with the PCL Software
Selecting and Graphics PCL Software You of options or the and Graphics Select of the following Quality with reduced quality, text and graphics with and the with reduced To using the to On significantly reduced when the
Selecting Finishing PCL Software Select of the following as the text or graphics, such as charts or the or or graphics, the Photo-Realistic or Photo-Realistic To and the Advanced and the options as necessary. topic: with the PCL Software You of finishing options or photo the Select of the following Finishing To each of the option. To that or bound, the option.
Selecting PCL Software To the of or photo, the Scaled option. To or of the option. the options that appear the as necessary. To or text or graphic overlay, the and the options as necessary. To to or the and the options as necessary. topic: with the PCL Software the apply while that If to the of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click and Preferences Click and Devices and Right-click and Preferences Click and Click and Sound right-click and Preferences XP: Click and and Right-click and Preferences
with the (PS3) Software You the the to as Click OK These the selected You them as topic: with the PCL Software You with the (PS3) software using as these The software products that connected If connected USB, to the software. To the software, to epson.com/support/wf5690
Selecting Software Selecting Software Selecting Additional and Software Selecting Software topic: from Select the basic the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to and then the Preferences You the of
Select the of To both of the of the Both To the of the of the To of the To of or the option. Click the Paper/Quality You this Select the Source that matches where the to Select as the The software these and A4 inches inches
Selecting Additional and Software inches Select of the following as the To or the To text and graphics only, the Black White topic: with the (PS3) Software You of and options or clicking the Advanced Select the of the as the Select the Quality option that matches the to
Selecting Software the Scaling to reduce or or photo To the the ICM option to of the ICM options and the ICM to the to the of of when the the the Edge to the of the heading to the advanced software features. Select of the options to topic: with the (PS3) Software the apply while that If to the of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click and Preferences Click and Devices and Right-click and Preferences Click and Click and Sound right-click and Preferences XP: Click and and Right-click and Preferences
with the (PS3) Software OS You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as topic: with the (PS3) Software You with the (PS3) software OS as these The software products that If connected USB, to the software. To the software, to epson.com/support/wf5690
Selecting Software OS Selecting Software OS Selecting Software OS Selecting Software OS Printed Software OS Software OS or Software OS topic: from Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the Two-Sided and as necessary. If these the them
Select the and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these Select From or From and the to from.
Select from the You these Select as the The software these and A4 inches inches
inches Select of the following Quality with reduced quality, text and graphics with and the with reduced Select from the You these Select option: To or photo, the To and graphics only, the Select of the topic: with the (PS3) Software OS
Selecting Software OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the You to Select the of or photo as shown the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with the (PS3) Software OS
Selecting Software OS You of options or selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To the the topic: with the (PS3) Software OS
Printed Software OS Software OS You the of the as selecting from the the To only selected option from the to To the which printed, option from the To the to the to and from the Destination topic: with the (PS3) Software OS You the Matching to the Matching from the the
or Software OS Checking Software OS of the following: To and to match ColorSync Select of the Profile options to the active To the topic: with the (PS3) Software OS Once selected to Click the of the Checking Software OS topic: with the (PS3) Software OS the of and Click the when appears the
Product You the Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or Software OS If to the Stop topic: from
Scanning Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, of these Scan the Product Starting Scan with or Starting Scan the Scan Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You to memory or to using the software and connected the to or the software to from the the firewall or security software. the scanning. To the ADF and the 2-Sided Press the necessary.
Select Scan You this: Select of the following Scan to Memory memory or USB and the and other to that with allows to or (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the Select to If or this of the following: If to the and the and necessary. If to memory to and Scan topic: Starting Scan
and Scan Related Scan to Related topics the Product You or when the option the You this the the or (OS X) or connected to the Click the from the the top of the You showing the If to or the the as necessary, and OK You the when with or the information or If to assign to the selection the of the following: Click OS Click the the of the then
Starting Scan with or Select the that to to of the pull-down OK then OK You the when from the topic: Scan the Product with or (OS X), the the You preview, and the as necessary. of the following to or to the Apps and (other Click or and or EPSON Software then OS the Applications the Software and Select and OK necessary.
You this: Click the Scan
You this: With OS or and Scan software, which features within To Scan, U.S. or If to that created instead, from the the or the and the of these Select to the information or If to of the following: Click Select displayed to and OK
Scan the Scan OS If Scan, the Scan the Scan the top of the and the EPSON Scan Click the Scan Select displayed to and OK Click Scan You of the or the and them as necessary. Click of the Destination to choose where to You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software Select as necessary, then OK or to the topic: Starting Scan You the Scan to and the to to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to scanning with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or
You Scan this: topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS
Starting Scan from Scanning Related topics the Product Selecting Scan You Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly.
You Scan this: Scan when first topic: Starting Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Selecting the Scan Related topics the Product Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan the Scan to from the the right of the Scan
Scanning Office topic: Selecting Scan Office Scan PDF operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the
You this the Source indicating where To the ADF, If the ADF, from the
Select the and that match To both of Stitch To the Stitch ADF-Double-sided as the Source To allow Scan to and Correct To Select the that matches Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If using the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose as the Source Click the and of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan
Source Office Selecting Scan Office Related Scanning Professional Selecting Scan You these Source options Scan Office Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. Automatically where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the To of the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Office You these options Scan Office Not other chosen. Select the Option checkbox to of the grayed-out beneath the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the
Scanning Professional that that text or Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Professional Scan PDF operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the
You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF Double-sided If using the ADF, from the Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to You chose as the Source Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional
Source Professional Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Scanning Office Selecting Scan You these Source options Scan Professional Selects the as the location where the originals ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art.
Selecting Scan Professional topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the
of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Professional To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and it the To the then the To the of the If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically.
Selecting Scan Professional Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the Threshold the which and art OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as This of that the to the the Click the to
the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the
Scan Turns or off. Unlock Unlocks the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. Normal displays their the and other manually. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's to increase the You the its it image-editing Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan
of the following to the which to Click the of the Click the Other the or Choose and If to the and the options Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK If selected PDF or as the this Scan Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished,
Scanned and Optional If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that highly the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the using PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS PRINT II or that include PRINT II and the the displays the TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software.
Scanning with OS Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. scanning If using the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with image-editing such as With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scan OS If the ADF, the scanned, the loaded. the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You these OS X. Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. and reduce topic: Scanning with OS
Scanning Scanning to SharePoint or Service software offers options to Scanning to SharePoint or Service Scanning as topic: Scanning You to to SharePoint or service. of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then OS the Applications the Software and Select and OK necessary. You this:
Click the Scan Select displayed to the information or Click Scan You of the or Click of the service Destination to choose where to only) Microsoft SharePoint only) You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software Destination The the software the information or Select other as necessary, and originals and to the indicated You to SharePoint or service. You the when with or or when using the option the topic: Scanning
Scanning as You only) to originals as You where the to or the of The the software the information with or where to of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then You this Click the Scan
Select to the information Click Scan You of the the and Batch Click Select Apply Separation and Select the to the and OK Select other from the as and OK Select other from the Batch as and OK originals as specified. You originals as You the when with or when the option the topic: Scanning
Connecting Telephone or these sections to This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and the PCL or (PS3) software with the using the buttons or the included with the software. To the software, to epson.com/support/wf5690 Connecting Telephone or and Checking Reports You to telephone to or If to the telephone to telephone or to using to telephone and to the LINE If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or DSL or ISDN the
DSL Telephone DSL DSL ISDN phone
ISDN or ISDN router ISDN phone numbers) ISDN or ISDN router If telephone or to using the from the EXT
phone to telephone or and to the EXT If and to the of to that higher than the of phone or connected to the EXT to incoming when the with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: Related Automatically with header and the features to If of to the and Selecting Advanced the the OS
Selecting Country or topic: Related the the OS these sections to the basic to the features. Selecting Country or Selecting the and the Selecting the the of to topic: faxing, the country or which using If the country or to their and them This If can't or this Press the necessary. Select
Selecting the and and Administration the necessary. Select Common and Country/Region or necessary, then country or You If the correct, (If and retry.) the country or the to the topic: faxing, the and phase and choose and This If can't or this Press the necessary.
Select and Administration the necessary. Select Common
the Select You this: Select Daylight Select the that to winter or Daylight (DST) or and Daylight (DST) If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock hour. from to its clock back hour. Select Select the to the to the Select the to the to the topic: You the basic the This when the turned the first You these from the
These If can't or these Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and and The appears. Select On the the displayed to the such as or business You to characters.
On the the to to characters. The and phone the header the of the On the Distinctive of the following: If to distinctive service from telephone Proceed Select the to incoming or On to If distinctive service, and to the Distinctive services allows to assigned You and another Select the assigned to the DRD If On or other than to On the of the following: If connected telephone or to the and to the If telephone or and to to otherwise On the to or to manually. If and to automatically, the to correct. If to manually, to and the or to On the Confirm the and Proceed or back to the On the and follow the on-screen instructions to the and of the If there reported, the the and the If the appears, the type.
Selecting the If the Select Tone Detection appears, the tone function the first of and the to the topic: Related Characters the LCD If the to PBX or the type. PBX Branch office where such as to The PSTN Switched Telephone Network), which This If can't or this Press the necessary. Select
and Administration the necessary. and Select Select Select PBX You this: Select Select Access the to the such as and OK topic:
the of to If and to automatically, the to correct. The of should higher than the of to This If can't or this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and
Selecting Advanced to Select the of and OK to higher than the of to every than the the tones and If the phone and hear that the the then the topic: You of advanced These If can't or these Press the necessary.
and Administration the necessary. and You this:
Select the of to Security topic: Related topics the to faxing. the and of outgoing Automatically the of outgoing Select this option when black-and- white from the the A5 A4
ADF 2-Sided Select On to from the ADF. The Direct option and On when turn this Direct Select On to black-and-white to as as the without On the to memory. You this when or to Scan from Select On to the to to ADF another the ADF On finished scanning. when to Not topic: Selecting Advanced the options to outgoing Batch Sorts outgoing the memory, and then them as batch. On that to the memory. You the from the On topic: Selecting Advanced the options to incoming
whether incoming should printed; telephone connected to the and Distinctive If using Distinctive Service phone telephone assign or to the and to each. If this service, the of the of Select that this service. to to the of If to and connected to the this higher than the of to Remote phone instead of operating the the On to On If with its connected to the the the using the topic: Selecting Advanced the options to incoming If to the memory. or to the memory from other options they temporarily the memory.
Other memory and forwarding to incoming the memory. You the the LCD and to To this option, the FAX Utility. Select and to to and automatically. to Memory incoming to connected memory or USB Select and to to the memory and automatically. Forwards incoming to as as Select and to and automatically. Reduction On Select to reduce the of to the the selected Select to incoming their sheets, necessary. On If On to landscape-oriented incoming that they correctly the On Select On to incoming that the the the memory, this option as PDF and directly from the
Select On to to of or reports and received On the memory. there enough to memory this function.) Selects whether or when to incoming to include of the Prints reports with of the first when Direct the On(Every Prints the or received. On(Time) Prints the the the LCD Format Selects the amount of information topic: Selecting Advanced the options to incoming and outgoing Fast(33,600bps) the which and Slow(9,600bps)
Security ECM On Correction (ECM) to or off Correction (ECM); or received. Detection On Automatically the when the Turns off which the connected to PBX Branch or TA turning this off the to the first of PSTN Selects Switched Telephone PBX Selects Branch the type of phone office where such as to Select to the header information and phone inclusion outgoing topic: Selecting Advanced the security options to Direct numbers. Restrictions On Allows to the or history. to to
the Confirm Selects whether or to On Select to incoming Clear Automatically or received from memory. On Clear or memory; this function or of topic: Selecting Advanced You header and the FAX of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX
You this Select (Select prompted.)
the OS You this Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: Related topics You header and the FAX OS X.
of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: Related topics
and the Product Creating You of and their them faxing. You to to the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic: You and using the locked If or Creating Editing or Creating Editing or topic: and Related Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS You of to numbers. You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select
You this: Select the necessary. You this: Select
You this: You of and necessary. Select Entry Select the to the You this: Select the field, the displayed to the to characters), and Select the Word field, the displayed to to when searching to characters), and (This field optional.)
Editing or Select the field, and the the LCD or the the to the You to characters. If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the pound instead of the the necessary. Select topic: the Product You or of the Press the necessary. Select You this: Select the necessary. Select the to or
Creating You this: of the following: To the and the To the the item to the information, and finished editing, topic: the Product You of that easily to You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select You this:
the necessary. Select You this: You of and necessary. Select Select the to the You this: Select the field, the displayed to the to characters), and Select the Word field, the to to when searching to characters), and (This field optional.)
Editing or Select Proceed You Select the to each to include group. appears to each selected Select topic: the Product You existing to or You the group. Press the necessary. Select You this: Select the necessary.
You this, showing both and Select the to You this: If to the group, To the group, Select Proceed You of the group. To or the to Select topic: the Product
Speed/Group the You and the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this Select (Select prompted.)
You this Select Dial/Group
You this Select and the To entry, and the To entry, and the of the following: To and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the previous as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product
Speed/Group the OS You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Dial/Group
You this To To entry, and the information. To and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the previous as to or To from the finished, click the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product
from the Product the or History these sections to using from the Product the the OS topic: these sections to using the the or History from Connected Telephone topic: Related Related Selecting the Related topics and and the Product You from the or selecting the from the or history. You black-and-white to to or to If black-and-white.
The to black-and-white You or the the the faxing. Press the necessary. Select To the ADF and the ADF (You of the following to Manually Press the and Press when To another the You the the to If restricted, the from the or history. If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the instead of the from the to the the to or the to You the Search field to search or Select Proceed when finished.
from the history Select History to the history. Select from the and to this To the field, the to and from the If to and If to black-and-white the LCD, (If the incorrect, Retry the or the and this If the seconds, the automatically. You when the Direct turned If to and entry. Press of the buttons. To faxing, the Stop You the or the from the and to necessary. the and the to its memory. If the option that to to the memory and them from the topic: from the Product While and these options from the You these options the
the and of outgoing Automatically the of outgoing Select this option when black-and-white text from the the A5 A4 ADF 2-Sided Select On to from the ADF. The Direct option and when On this Direct Select On to black-and-white to as as the without On the to memory. You this when or to Priority On to the other to On Continuous Scan from Select On to the to to ADF another the ADF On finished when to Not
topic: from the Product You of choice. the and correct. You only white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary. To the ADF and the ADF Sided or from the or History. Select Select On Select the displayed the LCD to and OK Press of the buttons. To faxing, the Stop
the and the the specified If the turned off the specified the when topic: from the Product Related Related topics and the Product You to black-and-white and when another Other the and using the function their the faxing. Press the necessary. Select Select and On If to and Press the B&W
and overwrite or You overwrite the existing You from the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You black-and-white to and whenever necessary. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select Select Select and On If to and Press the B&W and ready to the the
from Connected Telephone You this: Select Select Select the to Select and You overwrite the existing You from the topic: from the Product Related references Related topics the Product If connected telephone to the EXT the from the connected telephone. If the phone and the to the the the faxing. Press the necessary. the from the connected telephone. to the necessary. Select the LCD
the Select with the the telephone. hear of the buttons to the If and-white. the telephone. topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command.
You this: Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click Print.
If the first this information that the of the Then OK to the information.
the OS You this: the and or from the then Next instructions the FAX Utility, cover and and then Next. Click to topic: You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including the to
Select the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to Select from the
You this of the following to choose Select or from the and and the Click the and from Select from the
Reception You this Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually the LCD topic: and when the to If connected telephone to the phone and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and
Automatically Manually If of and the indicated LCD to topic: To automatically, to (the the To the necessary, Administration If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or topic: Related Reception Related Manually You to manually the to This tone the connected telephone To the Administration and the connected the If hear the LCD Select Press of the to the the telephone. topic: Related Reception
the LCD Screen Related You to from another (such as information service). Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Select Polling and On the to the from. Press of the to the topic: You memory and them the LCD To this first to from the The If the Press the necessary.
Checking the the LCD It there or the memory. Select the necessary. Select the to You the displayed the Select Select of the options and follow the instructions. or them to the memory from the memory or topic: You the to the of or that received or Press the You this: of the following: To the of Communication and the to
Reports To the history of that or received, History or and the to To received that the memory, and topic: You from reports to whenever necessary. You the turning Press the necessary. Select You this: Select and the to topic: Related references Select the or to of the
or the that or through of the currently the memory. Trace the or topic: Reports
USB With Product USB USB Specifications Removing USB Follow the instructions to with USB USB Removing USB and From the LCD USB USB the USB the front of the the of the the with the USB Specifications topic: USB With Product You USB with containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to to 2GB JPEG: to of topic: USB with USB follow these to TIFF RGB or TIFF: to
and From the LCD Screen JPEG If connected to USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of as and OS the flash from the the completing the or from the the of the USB the front of the topic: USB With Product these sections to and or other LCD JPEG TIFF topic: USB With Product You JPEG as them the LCD Press the necessary. Select Memory Select JPEG
You this: If than JPEG the and first the to of the following to To the of the photo to then the the or or the LCD screen to the of to Press the or right arrow to through and or the back to to the thumbnail and another photo. To To the its thumbnail and the and the back To the and the finished, the back ready to of the buttons. To the Stop or topic: and From the LCD Related
TIFF You and the TIFF from USB flash or other Press the button, necessary. Select Memory Select TIFF You of the Select the to You information about the Select Proceed the following as necessary: To than the the or or the LCD to the of to To the and the finished, the back Select Proceed ready to of the buttons. To the or topic: and From the LCD Select the to when and displayed the LCD
options On Automatically the brightness, and of the photo based the Advanced Detection that selected off below P.I.M. PRINT or Red-Eye This the On This On sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: and From the LCD Select the to when from USB or other memory Not options or the options Source Indicates the that the and type and type to Quality the highest Prints the the the the
USB From options On Automatically the photo to the selected photo off Bidirectional On Prints to Top Select the TIFF Top topic: and From the LCD You to and from USB flash the USB the front of From from USB to topic: USB With Product Related Removing USB USB from to USB the USB the front of to the this or from the These If these Press the necessary. Select
from USB to and Administration the necessary. Select Select Memory Interface You this: Memory to Select Select the connected to the USB or Wi-Fi/Network topic: USB You to and from USB the USB the front of and connected to to and from while from the connected to the USB the front of of the following to from Select the or then the OS with USB the then
OS with Select the or from the the SHARED section of the to the to the and the USBSTORAGE Select the that the to to the or LCD screen to information about to or from and the to the information. topic: USB
Cartridges and Cartridge and The that flushed from the head cleaning. or the the of its service life, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of and and with If would to and to please to information. Cartridge and Purchase Cartridges and and Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with the and its software know when or expended, or when the to replaced. the PCL or (PS3) software with the and using the or the included with the software. To the software, to epson.com/support/wf5690 Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge and with Checking Cartridge and with OS topic: Cartridges and
Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge and with of the the LCD and the light flashes. expended, the and the light You the the of the and Press the Select Information You this: The and displayed the of the The displayed and information, the the of the topic: Cartridge and Related Removing and Cartridges the appears to when and or To the the the and
You this or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
Checking Cartridge and with OS the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges the You the of and of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select EPSON
You this the following as necessary: You the and clicking or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge and
Purchase Cartridges and Cartridge and Related and Cartridges the You purchase boxes, and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Cartridge and topic: Cartridges and these when or purchase or T6710 within months of the Standard-capacity High-capacity High-capacity Black 786XL 788XXL 786XL 788XXL 786XL 788XXL 786XL 788XXL topic: Purchase Cartridges and
and Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If or expended, appears and which to replaced. the front cover.
the then of the of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of
the from the the the the immediately the the head and to Gently the about seconds as shown. or or
the the and clicks Select the LCD to the correctly. If that incorrectly, the clicks finished, the front cover. The the and to its previous when finished. off the
With Black and Cartridges With Cartridges If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and expended, temporarily from the as as You with With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges and If that temporarily with and to or To this or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays
With Cartridges OS Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges If and to temporarily with or Click the the If that temporarily with the to OS Click the to If displayed, OK the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select You this: Select On as the temporary
Conserving Black with the Click OK the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there The appears only when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to the the Click this to the If this the topic: Cartridges and that and than the from sunlight. the
the from its the the Press the buttons the of the cover and the as shown and of its the or
Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the of the reach of children and the the the that with the Seal the and of the the and the Press the buttons the of the cover and topic: Cartridges and
Related Purchase Cartridges and
Quality Head Head If to to or the head. the PCL or (PS3) software with the and the head and the or the included with the software. To the software, to epson.com/support/wf5690 Head Head Cleaning the If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You clean them them You clean the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges and You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head
Checking the the Product You the head the there the LCD and the Press the necessary. Select Select You this: Select Head You this: Press the The
Checking the the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there If there or the Clean the Head and Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related Removing and Cartridges Related topics Loading You the head or
there the LCD of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and You this: Click
Head Cleaning the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related Removing and Cartridges Related topics Loading If and the clean the head. You clean the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product
Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related and Cartridges You the head the there the LCD sheets of the Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Head Cleaning
Cleaning the Head You this: Press the to the head. the cleaning finished, the off the cleaning or Select Press the to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head and Cartridges Checking the the Product You the head or there the LCD sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the
OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Cleaning You this: Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. the front cover the cleaning off the cleaning or
Head the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Checking the the Product Removing and Cartridges Cleaning the Head If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning.
the Head the Product the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality You the head using the there the LCD of the (or Press the necessary. Select Select You this: Select Head
You this: of the following: If or If Follow the on-screen instructions to while head the the and of the following: If the the each the LCD
the Head If the the with the least amount of or the LCD topic: Head You the head or sheets of the (or of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Click Next then to while head
You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each
Cleaning the choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head If the back of clean the to there the LCD. sheets of the (or Press the necessary. Select Select You this:
and Cleaning Select the to clean. Press the the back of the to clean. as the clean. If the cleaning try cleaning the other topic: Quality
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should clean the and the when using the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the connected the from the
Clean the and the the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. If appear the or clean the the the ADF cover and cloth (microfiber recommended), to the and the of the ADF. Clean the and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product
Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the Removing the the head and the from Turn off the the from the the connected the and the the its or with cushioning around the the protects the the If when clean and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software these sections to Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of
Product OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic: You often with the its LCD You the to the If the the screen to the from LCD If the follow the instructions this to the from the indicated Turn the off and Turn the off and then back If the If there the of its You the to service life. You to The phone connected to the phone connected correctly and the the to the "LINE" The phone connected tone detected. the phone connected correctly and the If connected the to PBX Branch or the to PBX If turn off the Detection (Turning off the Detection the to the first of Combination of IP and There with the to
LCD the below to the section this Authentication DNS Recovery occurred firmware USB and downloading the from the If topic: Related the Product the the (Rear Where to Related Checking Software Updates Connecting Telephone or Selecting Advanced Related topics Cartridges and Loading or Wired If successfully, the Press the then History and the Select the to the and information. The turned off Memory the of the
Collated to of memory. the of the or to of memory. If the of the simplifying the reducing the of graphics or the and of the to of memory. the of the authentication and the canceled. when the turned off. The already The the Short of memory. the of the The memory You individually, or and them to memory The the then The the correctly and the If connected the to PBX Branch or the to PBX If off the Tone Detection (Turning off the Tone Detection the to the first of The then The then try The phone incorrectly connected to the LINE and EXT the correctly. The phone connected. the
The to of the specified to which to the If the turned from the There enough the memory Clear the or The memory write-protected. write protection. the or memory The memory the occurred while to memory the memory or The memory finished processing. occurred while the the connected to the correctly. There enough the the specified The found the information to the the Select the occurred while the occurred. the connected to the or correctly. or the firewall or security software. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or Selecting Advanced the LCD
Product Reports Related topics or Wired operating properly. interface connected to the Press the necessary. Select Select You this: Select Head
You this: Press the The of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them
This If or this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and You this: Select of these Copy Scan scanning. faxing. Clear and including the You Select to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic: these sections while
Software Network Software topic: If hear from the following: The first the the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the turn If the head or and the charging finished approximately off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related OS these or
Product to Wireless Router or Access or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or try these If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. to within of router or microwave or such as that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security it and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly.
Network Software Product Network restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. If Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. topic: Network Related Direct Related Selecting Wireless Network From the Network Related topics or Wired If try these turned and connected to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. If necessary, software and try to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the the instructions the If router, software to to the router. topic: Network
Product Not Appear OS Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related topics or Wired If appear the OS try these Turn off, seconds, then back If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. If connecting the wirelessly and the appear LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If these that network software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both using the wireless If and the strength. If to router or near microwave or such as
Scan Network to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or to or router, switch, or connecting with Ethernet to from another the If connecting the and the appear the LCD, software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network Sheet Related topics or Wired If Scan scanning these If from restarted the software. the firewall or security software. If high scanning If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan
Product Nothing the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related Starting Scan the Scan Scan from Scanning these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary.
Product It While If the the software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections with the Product the the (Rear the Ejection topic: If feeding try these If feed from the or then the the the the the or If once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of sheets. the specifications If when both of the sheets.
the Product follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the Product the the (Rear Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If the follow the to clear the the from necessary. the front cover.
including torn the front cover. If the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the (Rear the
the If the follow the to clear the the necessary. the the the follow instructions and the
the (Rear the as Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the (Rear the If the follow the to clear the the from necessary.
Press the buttons the of the cover and
from the Press the buttons the cover as Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related references the the Product the
the If with the (ADF), follow the to clear the the necessary. originals from the ADF. the ADF cover. the ADF cover the
the ADF cover then the cover. the cover.
the ADF input the ADF input the ADF its the originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic:
Ejection Related the the Product the (Rear Related topics Loading If with properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related references the the the Product the (Rear Related topics Loading these sections with the PCL or software. Nothing Prints from the PCL or Software PS3 topic:
Nothing Prints from the PCL or Software PS3 from If these turned and properly connected. The PCL and software selected as the topic: If or incorrect the PCL or software, try these selected the PCL software. If the as and software, options and the PCL, or software to and features. topic: Related Selecting the Product PCL Software You PS3 sheet to the information and software topic: these sections while from using AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple while with the PCL or (PS3) software, the sections covering that software this Nothing Prints
Nothing Prints Product Not Appear topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product
Product Not Appear If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If becomes try these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and Clear or to free existing when If to USB directly to instead.
and If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select the increased Click the and the following High RAW Datatype as topic: from Related OS Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS these sections with the or of AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Inverted Too
Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting OS Selecting Additional and that the or software topic: and Related Selecting OS Selecting If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software.
Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters head to of the clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting OS Selecting Selecting If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both
Incorrect or from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and If connected to USB directly to instead. If incorrect characters appear try connecting topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Additional and Selecting OS
Printout Quality White or Printout If try these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting OS Selecting Related topics Loading these sections with quality, AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary.
Blurry or Smeared Printout the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Related Selecting Additional and Related topics Loading Cartridges and If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. If thick or the Thick from the or Thick and the of the software. (Turning this each from the as printed. right to allow the to
Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Increase Drying to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Related topics Loading
Printout or Printout Printout If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Related Cleaning the Selecting OS Selecting Related topics Loading Cartridges and If these the of the correctly Select higher and turn off high software. to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary.
Incorrect Colors the head. You to increase the or software If the to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect try these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as using the options software.
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly and topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Additional and OS Related topics Cartridges and these with Scanning Software Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, try With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface
Scan OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related to Uninstall Product Software Related OS Related Scanning with OS If Scan, these and interface securely connected both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the using Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN-
Scanned Quality Consists of OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the Scan Starting Scan with or Scanning with OS these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists of these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Professional
of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Office Related topics the Product If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or blurry, these or warped. This the from the or properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the
Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or warped cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too try these these Scan and try Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality
Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Cropped Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the matching and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these Scan and try the and with combinations of the the Tone Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Professional Selecting Scan Office If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly.
or topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or these the turned and correctly header information and ID. might rejected the to automatically. that the to LINE or software to the that the telephone phone to and testing If there tone and connected the to PBX Branch phone or the to PBX If off the turn off the tone (Turning off the tone the to the first of If connected to DSL DSL to the to the DSL the If off correction and lowering the correction (ECM) turned trying to or
with Telephone Connected to Product If and off to of incoming If connected to that to that when If includes services, or service. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the Selecting the Selecting Advanced Reports Automatically Related topics Loading If when telephone connected to these telephone connected to EXT the to that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the
to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall or the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove
Uninstalling Product Software OS Where to of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the sheet to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following
(U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to information to products OS Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications PS3 Fonts PCL5 Fonts PCL6 To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating
OS Specifications Scanning Specifications XP Professional Edition XP SP3 (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications Rear feed top Capacity Rear inch thickness topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, front inches thickness
(ADF) Specifications CIS Photoelectric Effective scanning restricted A4 inches or inches Scanning to and Light LED topic: Technical Specifications input output Facedown US A4, A5, or B5 type to feeding capacity thickness: inch You both of the this inches topic: Technical Specifications to sheets to of this inches
Specifications Specifications type black-and-white and (ITU-T Supported telephone to to memory to (based ITU-T chart (with specifications or country Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and or other If switch to higher of PBX Branch RJ-11 Telephone
Printable Specifications Single-sheets B5 inches and distributed Thickness to inch to inches to topic: Technical Specifications the expanded A4 inches A5 inches A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches
Top: inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications inch inches recommended inch inch Right: inch inch recommended topic: Technical Specifications This Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Cartridge months to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge and Unopened the the month thaws and hours
Specifications Specifications inches inches inches (without or cord) topic: Technical Specifications to to Rated Rated copying: (ISO/IEC24712) (with USB Ready topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches with the off
Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications to F to C) to RH (without to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB Class computers) MO GB USB the of externally connected that USB recommended. with AC topic: Technical Specifications IEEE with IEEE or IEEE purchase location to F to C) month F C) USB TB USB TB capacity, FAT, FAT32, or
WEP Security Communication Ethernet Communication Ethernet 100BASE-TX/10BASE-T The connected should Security IEEE802.1X IPsec/IP SSL/TLS: HTTPS or IPPS topic: Technical Specifications WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 Direct Direct AP the to Ethernet Ethernet 1000BASE-T; category-5e or higher preferably STP Twisted to of interference
and Specifications PS3 United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6117-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications Italic, Light Italic, Compact Apple Chancery ITC Gothic ITC Gothic ITC Gothic ITC Gothic Italic, Italic, ITC Light, ITC Light Italic, ITC ITC Chicago Light, EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
CooperBlack, CooperBlack Gothic 32BC, Gothic 33BC Italic, Italic, Light, Light Italic, Italic, BoldItalic, Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Text, Text Italic, Text Text Black Italic, Text Italic, LetterGothic, LetterGothic Slanted, LetterGothic LetterGothic ITC Graph ITC Graph ITC Graph ITC Graph ITC New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook Italic, New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook New York Italic, Italic, Italic,
PCL5 Fonts Italic, Univers, Univers Univers Univers Univers Light, Univers Light UniversCondensed, UniversCondensed UniversCondensed Bold, UniversCondensed UniversExtended UniversExtended UniversExtended UniversExtended ITC ZapfChancery ITC Italic, New New Italic, New New topic: Technical Specifications Font Family HP FixedPitch Italic, SWA ITC Dutch Italic, CG Italic, CG Ribbon Italic, Univers Italic, Univers Incised Olive Bold, Italic, Calligraphic
Font Family HP BT BT BT BT SWM Italic, Dutch SWM Italic, New SWA Helvetica Narrow SWA Helvetica Narrow Calligraphic SWA Italic, SWA ITC Gothic SWA Light, Light Italic, ITC Century SWA Bold, Italic, New Century Schoolbook Dutch SWA Italic, Chancery SWA ITC Chancery SWM SWA More SWM FixedPitch Gothic BT BT FixedPitch Italic, OCR
PCL6 Fonts Font Family HP OCR EAN/UPC topic: Technical Specifications Font FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch Dutch Dutch Dutch
Font Ribbon Incised Incised Incised Calligraphic SWM SWM SWM SWM
Font Dutch SWM SWM SWM Dutch SWM SWA SWA SWA SWA Narrow SWA Narrow SWA Narrow SWA Narrow SWA Calligraphic SWA Calligraphic SWA Calligraphic SWA Calligraphic SWA SWA SWA SWA SWA Light SWA SWA Light SWA SWA Century SWA Century SWA
Font Century SWA Century SWA Dutch SWA Dutch SWA Dutch SWA Dutch SWA Chancery SWA SWM More SWM SWA SWA BT BT BT BT BT BT BT BT BT BT BT BT BT
Font Font topic: Technical Specifications of of these the international characters to each Since software and automatically, to write or software that to these the typefaces and which to which to with the the and choose. PCL5 Typefaces and the PCL5 of these typefaces the Ribbon Incised Calligraphic SWM Dutch SWM SWA Narrow SWA
Calligraphic SWA SWA SWA Century SWA Dutch SWA Chancery SWA FixedPitch PCL5 Typeface FixedPitch IBM-US (10U) (8U) Dutch ECM94-1 (0N) (8U) ISO (5N) 8859-10ISO (6N) FixedPitch IBM-DN (11U) (12U) (1U) 8859-15ISO (9N)
Typeface FixedPitch (26U) (9J) Dutch (19L) (7J) (10J) (9U) FixedPitch McText (12J) MsPublishi (6J) FixedPitch PsMath (5M) Dutch Math-8 (8M) ANSI ASCII (0U) FixedPitch BT BT BT BT BT BT (15U) (6M) (13J) (14J) (17U) (9T) (19U) (9E) (5T) UK (1E) (0S) (0I) Spanish (2S) (1G) (0D) (1F) (4U) (13U) ISO (4N) (18N)
Typeface FixedPitch (3R) (14R) Dutch (9R) (12G) (10G) (9G) FixedPitch (12N) (8G) FixedPitch (10N) Dutch FixedPitch (0E) FixedPitch (0H) FixedPitch ISO (7H) BT (8H) BT PC-862, (15H) BT BT (8V) BT PC-864, (10V) BT HPWARA (9V) SWA (19M) SWM More SWM (579L) SWA (14L) OCR OCR (0O) OCR OCR (1O) (0Y) OCR (3Q)
Typeface EAN/UPC EAN/UPC (8Y) PCL6 Attribute Font ISO ISO ISO ISO Swedish ASCII ISO United ISO ISO ISO ISO Spanish PS Math ISO Microsoft Publishing
Attribute Font ISO Math-8 ISO PS Text PC-8 PC-8 D/N MC Text PC-850 Font PC852 WBALT PC-755
Attribute Font PC-866, PC-851, ISO PC-8, ISO PC-866 UKR ISO PC-862, HPWARA PC-864,
topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to information to products offers recycling with to (U.S.) or to learn Product Instructions FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the only the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the where the easily the the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or to and top of and allow to or to the straight each If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the the off the using the and the light flashing the or off to the If the the from the
the that its It properly or Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the heat or sunlight. enough around the or cover the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. connecting the to or other with the of the only the both connected the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the copying, scanning, or other to when closing the or as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the the the head and the from
Cartridge Instructions the that the head the right) and the or the its or otherwise Cartridge Instructions LCD Instructions Wireless Instructions Telephone Instructions topic: Notices of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the of the This the to become the the of the when from the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the or surrounding the its This the head. cool,
LCD Instructions Instructions Telephone Instructions from allow it to least three hours with their facing upward. topic: Product Instructions only cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Product Instructions To affecting the of the following and causing the Near facility. Within inches of Near such as or fire topic: Product Instructions using telephone should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and injury, including the following: the using telephone There of shock from telephone to the of the To reduce the of fire, only AWG or cord.
FCC topic: Product Instructions United States This with of the FCC and the adopted the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If this to the Applicable Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and adopted the ACTA. telephone and with this It to to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the telephone the that temporary of service required. isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary. The telephone its operations or that the of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the customer. If this to telephone please America, Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone:
If the causing to the telephone the telephone that the the This service the to service to the service or information. If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this If about what telephone or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the of the or such business, other entity, or (The or other which charges or charges.) to this information the below instructions header information. According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following measures: or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or
Software Notice WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to interface. The termination interface of of only to the that the of the of the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) (IES) interface interface tous CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices Related the This includes software to the of each software the of of these softwares years the of of this If to the please the of You with the of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which below.
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to using other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of free software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the authors' reputations. Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, it clear that everyone's free or The terms and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the as other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the output from the covered only its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the terms of Section that of these You the to stating that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the user to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based
the the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following: with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software or, Accompany with written offer, least three years, to third party, than of machine-readable of the to distributed the of Sections and software or, Accompany with the information received as to the offer to (This allowed and the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such
You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both it and this to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or
Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to it free software which everyone redistribute and these terms. To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright (C) of author>
This software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive Copyright (C) of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of Coon>, of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble
The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of free and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's reputation affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the users of free restrictive from Therefore, that of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or shared library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary
therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the to free software only, the other to non-free greater of people to of free software. to the GNU C free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the user of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that using of the Library. The and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the of this "this Each as "library" of software functions and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the
"Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of change. You the whole of the to charge to third the terms of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote
the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or collective based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the terms of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this However, that the Library" with the creates that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section terms of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such only and accessors, and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section
the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the of the the customer's own and such modifications. You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the user to the of this Also, of these things: the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the shared with the Library. that of the the rather than copying the and properly with of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this distribution. If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the
It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the terms of the Sections with the of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other
It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE
THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and change. You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright (C) of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., hereby copyright the written of of That's there to
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and that by, or of, the the of and
the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such only to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational only and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the
You copyright to and or terms and reproduction, or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without terms or Notwithstanding the nothing or the of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of using or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Accepting Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge fee of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this accepting such obligations, You only and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following boilerplate with the with information. (Don't include the
The text should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of Apple Computer, Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY APPLE AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CMU/UCD copyright (BSD Copyright University Work Copyright The of the University of California
Rights to and this software and its and without granted, that the copyright appears and that both that copyright and this appear and that the of CMU and The of the University of California or publicity to of the software without written CMU AND THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL CMU OR THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM THE LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Associates Technology, Inc copyright (BSD) Copyright Associates Inc rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the Networks Associates Inc the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Broadband copyright (BSD) of this copyright Broadband rights
Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of Broadband to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Microsystems, Inc. copyright (BSD) Copyright Microsystems, Inc., Network California U.S.A. rights to terms below. This include third Microsystems, the and or of Microsystems, Inc. the U.S. and other countries. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the Microsystems, Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc copyright (BSD) Copyright Inc rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of Inc the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. LICENSE ISSUES The both the of the and the SSLeay apply to the below the Actually both Source of related to please
Copyright The rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the The and to or products from this software without written written please Products from this software appear their without written of the Redistributions of whatsoever the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes cryptographic software written This includes software written SSLeay
Copyright (C) Young rights This SSL written The written as to with SSL. This and as as the following aheared to. The following apply to found this it the RC4, RSA, DES, the SSL The SSL included with this covered the copyright terms that the Copyright and as such Copyright the to If this Young should as the author of the of the used. This the of or or with the Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement: "This includes cryptographic software written The 'cryptographic' the from the cryptographic related If include (or thereof) from the directory include acknowledgement: "This includes software written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
The and publically or of this this and another [including the GNU Copyright Microsystems, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ECC cipher originally SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC., and contributed to the Copyright rights The of the attached software ("Contribution") Corporation and to the The Contribution, originally written and of Corporation, consists of the "PSK" (Pre-Shared RFC to or other rights those stated the or expressly, or otherwise. that the Contribution the or other property rights of third or that the with the rights to of the Contribution. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. IN ADDITION TO THE DISCLAIMERS INCLUDED IN THE LICENSE, NOKIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR CLAIMS BROUGHT BY YOU OR ANY OTHER ENTITY BASED ON INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHERWISE. of the attached software ("Contribution") SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC., and contributed to the Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. RPC of Microsystems, Inc. and that this included and as of the software whole or or RPC without charge, authorized to or to as of or the SUN RPC IS PROVIDED AS IS WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF DESIGN, MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE. RPC with and without the of Microsystems, Inc. to its correction, or SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE INFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR ANY PATENTS BY SUN RPC OR ANY PART THEREOF. Microsystems, Inc. or profits or other indirect and of the of such Microsystems, Inc. California DES interface this Copyright Microsystems, Inc. Copyright Microsystems, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. The Curve Public-Key Crypto (ECC included SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC., and contributed to the The ECC to the below. to who with to their to and the practicing, offering and/or otherwise of the ECC as (or thereof), that such apply: that from the ECC from the ECC or caused by: the of the ECC or
the of the ECC with other software or where such the The software originally written and Douglas of Microsystems NOTE: This to the below and modifications, the apply! such the the and this edited please the copyright and Copyright This based written It as as this This and which of the years to o o o Thomas o o o o Ralf S. o Copyright Author: Guilford Copyright Copyright Theo Copyright
rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright Inc. Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the Created Consulting B.V. from the copyright (C) Copyright Microsoft rights You royalty-free right to and the (and/or that that Microsoft warranty obligations or Application which
Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights The of the attached software ("Contribution") Corporation and to the The Contribution, originally written and of Corporation, consists of the "PSK" (Pre-Shared RFC to or other rights those stated the or received expressly, or otherwise. that the Contribution the or other property rights of third or that the with the rights to of the Contribution. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. IN ADDITION TO THE DISCLAIMERS INCLUDED IN THE LICENSE, NOKIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR CLAIMS BROUGHT BY YOU OR ANY OTHER ENTITY BASED ON INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHERWISE.
Copyright (C) Network Inc. Copyright (C) RTFM, Inc. THIS FILE IS PROVIDED BY BALTIMORE TECHNOLOGIES "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL BALTIMORE TECHNOLOGIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright Broadcom Corporation This Copyright nCipher Corporation Limited. Redistribution and and with without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the IN NO EVENT SHALL NCIPHER CORPORATION LIMITED (`NCIPHER') AND/OR ANY OTHER AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS OF THIS FILE BE LIABLE directly or indirectly from this its or this Without to the of the indirect, or other or of profits, business, or nCipher or of the of the of effective, the of nCipher or author or to the of the and pounds This to or death or of and only to the that such or effective. NCIPHER AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL AND ANY WARRANTIES (WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED), including, to, of merchantability, satisfactory and/or of third rights. US Government This software and Software and Software as and of DFAR
"Rights Software and Software or the Government to the and specified or this these terms and including the of and of warranty. If to these terms and DO NOT USE THE FILE. The and the which covered the You should with and these the without please nCipher. Copyright Cryptocom LTD Dive-Reclus(cdive@baltimore.com) Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning features or of this software the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the The and to or products from this software without written written please Products from this software appear their without written of the Redistributions of whatsoever the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the Dive-Reclus(cdive@baltimore.com) right THIS FILE IS PROVIDED BY BALTIMORE TECHNOLOGIES "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
EVENT SHALL BALTIMORE TECHNOLOGIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. RPC of Microsystems, Inc. and that this included and as of the software whole or or RPC without charge, authorized to or to as of or the or with the written of Microsystems, Inc. SUN RPC IS PROVIDED AS IS WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF DESIGN, MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE.
RPC with and without the of Microsystems, Inc. to its correction, or SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE INFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR ANY PATENTS BY SUN RPC OR ANY PART THEREOF. Microsystems, Inc. or profits or other indirect and of the of such Microsystems, Inc. California Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
the of F. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY JULIE HAUGH AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL JULIE HAUGH OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. The Preamble The of this to the which copied, such that the Copyright of the of the while the users of the the right to and the customary fashion, the right to reasonable modifications. Definitions: to the of distributed the Copyright and of that of created through to such or with the wishes of the Copyright as specified below. "Copyright whoever the copyright or copyrights the about copying or this "Distribution fee" charge of this to another party. that fee the right to the though there the It that of the item redistribute the they You and of the of the of this without restriction, that of the copyright and associated You apply and other from the or those or from the Copyright such the
You otherwise of this that each and when that and that least ONE of the following: the or otherwise them such as to or or the archive allowing to them, or allowing the Copyright to include the of the the within corporation or organization. the with which and each that clearly from the other with the Copyright and who of the to You the of this or that least ONE of the following: of the and together with instructions the or where to the the with the machine-readable of the with modifications. and clearly the (or together with instructions where to the other with the Copyright offer the machine-readable of the with You charge of this If offer this charge fee choose that You charge the right to this You this with other (possibly and possibly nonfree) as of (possibly and possibly nonfree) software and other of that software distribution, that this as of own. If the includes You this within of this as of that the of the The and as input to or as from the of this the copyright of this to whoever them, and commercially, and with this If such or
with this the or of then of such neither as of this the of and that such as of this C (or subroutines other and this to and of the this of this the of input as these the that would to the the of the of the with that the of this that when to this interfaces to the user of the as of this The of the Copyright to or products from this software without written THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Copyright (C) Chris Thewalt to and this software and without granted, that the copyright appear and that both the copyright and this appear This software "as without or warranty. Copyright (C) The Rights This and of and furnished to others, and that or otherwise it or its copied, published and distributed, whole or without of that the copyright and this included such and this such as the copyright or to the or other organizations, as the of which the procedures copyrights the followed, or as to other than English. The and the or its or
This and the information "AS IS" and THE INTERNET SOCIETY AND THE INTERNET ENGINEERING TASK FORCE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. This of the Info-ZIP The of this should ftp://ftp.info-zip.org/pub/infozip/license.html indefinitely and Copyright Info-ZIP. rights the of this copyright and Info-ZIP as the following of Jean-Michel Goatley, Chris Herborth, Heath, Jonathan P. Salisbury, Smith, M. Christian White. This software "as without warranty of or implied. Info- ZIP or its indirect, or of the of or to this software. to to this software including and to and redistribute it freely, to the and the following Redistributions of whole or the copyright and this of Redistributions and the copyright and this of and/or other with the The to this redistribution of (including as of self-extracting archive; that without inclusion of this as as the SFX from the or versions--including, to, to operating existing with graphical interfaces, with or functionality, and shared, or from Info-ZIP--must plainly as such and as the or, from the as Info-ZIP releases--including, to, of the with the "Info-ZIP" (or thereof, including, to, UnZip," or without the of Info-ZIP.
further prohibited from of the or Info-ZIP or the Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP the Info-ZIP the right to the "Info-ZIP," "UnZip," UnZip," and its and releases. Copyright (C) The Rights This and of and furnished to others, and that or otherwise or its prepared, copied, published and distributed, whole or without restriction of that the copyright and this included such and this such as the copyright or to the or other as the of which the copyrights the followed, or as to other than English. The and the or its or This and the information "AS IS" and THE INTERNET SOCIETY AND THE INTERNET ENGINEERING TASK FORCE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright JSON.org granted, of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. The Software THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Copyright (C) RSA Security, Inc. Created rights
to and this software that as the "RSA Security, Inc. MD5 mentioning or referencing this software or this function. to and that such as from the RSA Security, Inc. MD5 mentioning or referencing the RSA Security, Inc. concerning the merchantability of this software or the of this software It "as without or warranty of These retained of of this and/or software. Copyright Brian Worcester, UK. rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built this software without written DISCLAIMER This software 'as with or of its including, to, and/or The Redistribution and of this software and associated ("Software"), with or without that the following Redistributions copyright and notices, Redistributions copyright and this of and the following the and/or other with the and Redistributions of this
The Foundation this from to Each distinguished You this Software terms of this or the terms of of the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OPENLDAP FOUNDATION AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OPENLDAP FOUNDATION, ITS CONTRIBUTORS, OR THE AUTHOR(S) OR OWNER(S) OF THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. The of the authors and copyright or otherwise to the or other this Software without written to copyright this Software with copyright of the Foundation. Copyright The Foundation, City, California, USA. Rights to and of this granted. Copyright (C) rights to to this software and to and redistribute to the following The author the of of this software, they from The of this software or Since users credits should appear the as such, and as the software. Since credits should appear the This or Copyright rights Copyright Martin to and this software with or without fee granted, that the copyright and this appear
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Copyright of the University of rights Redistribution and and that this and that credit to the University of Arbor. The of the University to or products from this software without written This software "as without or warranty. Copyright Matthew rights Copyright IBM Corporation. rights Copyright Software to and this software with or without granted, that the copyright and this appear THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Copyright Computing Research New State University granted, of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COMPUTING RESEARCH LAB OR NEW MEXICO STATE UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. UCD Terms of The Character as Inc. as to of or implied. The to of information If this purchased or from Inc., the of within of This other accompanying the Character of which the and of which other Rights to Redistribute This the right to and to freely the information the creation of products the (TM) The the Character redistributed to third or other organizations (whether or as as this and the retained. Information extracted from these and or as as there accompanying indicating the Copyright (C) Inc. Rights THIS WORK IS SUBJECT TO U.S. AND INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT LAWS AND TREATIES. USE, MODIFICATION, AND REDISTRIBUTION OF THIS WORK IS SUBJECT TO VERSION OF THE OPENLDAP PUBLIC LICENSE, COPY OF WHICH IS AVAILABLE AT HTTP://WWW.OPENLDAP.ORG/LICENSE.HTML OR IN THE FILE "LICENSE" IN THE TOP-LEVEL DIRECTORY OF THE DISTRIBUTION. ANY USE OR EXPLOITATION OF THIS WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED IN VERSION OF THE OPENLDAP PUBLIC LICENSE, OR OTHER PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT FROM NOVELL, COULD SUBJECT THE PERPETRATOR TO CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LIABILITY. Copyright C. rights This software to of Graphics Inc. or University. Redistribution and and without restriction or of as as this Copyright of the University of California. rights
Redistribution and and that the copyright and this such and that and other related to such and acknowledge that the software the University of California, The of the University to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Copyright D. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution.
Neither the of the copyright the of to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTOR(S) "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTOR(S) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright J. Copyright Copyright rights Copyright Jonathan rights Copyright IBM Corporation. rights Copyright IBM Rights Copyright rights Copyright and to and this software and its and without granted, that the copyright appear and about the of this software It "as without or warranty. Copyright The of the University of California. Copyright Microsystems, Inc. Copyright NeoSoft, Inc. Rights This software used, copied, distributed, and both and that these copyrights retained and their terms followed. the authors or NeoSoft Inc. the functioning of this software, the authors incurred with its Redistribution and and that this and that to NeoSoft, Inc.
NeoSoft, Inc. to or products from this software without written This software "as without or warranty. to NeoSoft Inc, Houston, TX, Copyright D. Copyright Boolean Incorporated. rights Copyright rights Copyright (C) and WIDE rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) and WIDE Copyright (C) rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright Inc. rights This software written of Inc.
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of Inc. to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY WASABI SYSTEMS, INC. "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL WASABI SYSTEMS, INC BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) AG, Germany. Contributed by: SUSE rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) AG, Germany. Contributed by: SUSE rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) and WIDE Copyright (C) rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) International Corporation Copyright Trusted Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON and TM TM and TM of Corporation. SM service of America, Inc.
Copyright Notice TM and Remote TM of Corporation. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other and the of Apple Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc.
CPD-40226R1 topic: Copyright Notice