WF-2540
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the basic features of the Product Locations Scanning, and from the The and More these sections to the and Lights LCD Screen Turning Sounds topic: Product The and the light The Copy
LCD The The LCD The arrow buttons and the OK The The The The light The ADF light The Scan The The The Dial/Group The The B&W The topic: the You the the LCD Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Turning Sounds Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press the to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Product Locations Press the or arrow to Sound and the OK Press the or arrow to the and the OK Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product Top and Product Product topic: Product
Product Parts Top and Edge
ADF cover (ADF) ADF ADF input ADF
cover USB topic: Product Locations
Product topic: Product Locations
Product Scanning, and from the AC LINE USB EXT LAN topic: Product Locations You and right from the to or and or USB You and the to service or to
The the From the You or the or the (ADF). faxing, first to as the Then and the to or from topic: Product Related Starting Scan the Product Related topics Copying The of You the increasing the reduces the efficiency. the From the the the OS topic: Product You the to the the Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this
the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or arrow buttons to the then the OK Press the to topic: The You the software to the the
the OS Right-click the the and Click the and and Option Information You this Select the as the Click the selected as the OK topic: The You the software to the the of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Click You this
and More Select the as the Click Apply the topic: The You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to and from anywhere: Print, Remote Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product
the Remote With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or photo and to as the If already when software, www.epson.com/connect to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or as the www.epson.com/connect to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More With software or to anywhere the www.epson.com/connect to learn about and to the software. Download and the software.
Scan to the and optional of the to and this Remote Select the and choose the topic: and More The Scan to service to that with as the www.epson.com/connect instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and More Related Starting Scan the Product allows to wirelessly to from iPhone, and the of wireless as the Apple to the wireless that from iPhone, or to topic: and More
With Account, from Apple or to wireless You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or If the first wireless as the and connected to the the If already wireless follow these to the wireless that IP the the IP the of browser. Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: and More Related Network
Selecting Wireless Network From the You or wireless network To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD. The through Press the You this Press the OK to Press the or arrow buttons to the of wireless and the OK If wireless manually. To the wireless manually, Other and the OK as the
wireless (or and then Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function the Then the OK to To the of AB12 (lowercase) and the OK To and the OK button. Then highlight and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK Press the OK to Select to or and the OK button. The light should flashing. If the light off, selected the or the incorrectly. these to Related topics Network
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Loading Loading Capacity EPSON or You of and the
the and its the then the the to the
or and first, the right If of the first and the to the the the too tightly. the back. follow these only the recommended of sheets. first, which or top first. the arrow the the instructions. If with sheet and these inches A4 inches or inches
Loading topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You of and the
the and its the then the the to the
or and first, the right If of the first and the to the the the too tightly. the back. follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity
Loading You this inches the
the and its the then the the to the
to the right them and the the too tightly. the back. follow these If of each or the arrow the that curled, or too thin, or that topic: Loading
Loading Capacity type Loading capacity inches Approximately or A4 inches Bright White sheets inches inches inches Brochure Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool of type type of with Based the arrow the two-sided to sheets. topic: Loading
EPSON You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON count Bright White S041586 Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided inches S041341 inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041568 inches S041062 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041982 inches S041331 S042180 inches S041067 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175
count inches S041808 S041727 inches S041809 Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You Double-sided Brochure Double-sided inches S041464 inches S041465 S042183 S041667 inches S041141 S041649 S042038 S041271
or inches inches inches inches topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Quality Iron-on Cool Brochure Double-sided Envelope The when from they apply to
topic: Loading Related Copying
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. the cover high that the the
the facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the
the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. The ADF light the the ADF the too tightly. topic: the Product Related (ADF) Specifications
Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or using exactly the as Copying or Copying ID Cards You or and of including or the or the ADF. the when copying originals the ADF, to using the instead. the to the recommended of sheets. Press the Copy You this
Copying To than the or arrow to the to If to the of the or right arrow buttons to the To of the displayed the LCD the and Copy the OK and the ready to of the buttons. To the Copying Copying Copying topic: Copying Related (ADF) Specifications Related topics Loading the Product Select that matches the loaded.
Copying type Bright White Quality Iron-on Cool Brochure Double-sided Double-sided topic: Copying or Related or Select the that matches the loaded. You these inches inches A4 inches topic: or
Copying Copying ID Cards Select the copying options to options or other copying Copying option the or of With around the Expands the to the of the Reduce/Enlarge as the Custom Automatically the to the selected and Automatically from to another other Custom Automatically the the as the Custom Selects the the the selected type Quality Quality the highest topic: or You both of ID sheet of
of these inches or A4 inches only the recommended of Press the Copy You this To than the or arrow buttons to the to Press the the or arrow buttons to ID Card Copy and the OK Press the or arrow to and the OK ready to of the buttons. You instructions the LCD Press the OK to to ID facedown the Press the the front of the finishes the front the then the the back of the and then
To the topic: Copying Related topics Loading the Product
From with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product Related Checking Software You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Preset or Selecting topic: From Select the the or to or
Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the of the as the You the to to the
If photo, You to options You type and to without the Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or sheets of of the the and the options To and their the To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White Quality topic: with Related
Quality Selecting or Related or Selecting Double-sided You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. text and High and graphics with high More that choose of and topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints sheets of to Click the to and options. topic: Selecting You both of the selecting the 2-Sided the
options or other chosen or the or as shared Select the 2-Sided Click the You this Select the options to Click OK to to the
Double-sided Selecting Additional and of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the The of the smear the the Double-sided topic: with You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the Margin Select options that to allow the to as topic: Selecting You of and options or the More
To the of or the Reduce/Enlarge and of these Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or photo as the and the of as the Select the to option to reduce or or photo Select the the Select of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the to manually the correction or off software. Select to To to
Custom Correction To header or footer to then to the text and location. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with Related or You of the options the Correction to the
and Additional Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Additional Prints the rotated from its High reduce quality. the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and
Selecting Preset You of the options to or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the These with You to the following information, which from the topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More You the the
or of the to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Selecting Click OK or to topic: with the apply while that If to the Right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the Select You the Click the
You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Right-click the the Select Software You this
with OS of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From
Selecting OS Select the the or to or Select the command You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them the and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type
Quality OS OS Select the Quality to Select of the Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related Selecting OS or OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the quality, the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen.
Selecting OS If selected this option the to the of Grayscale Prints text and graphics or of the horizontally. If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to You type and to without the Select the of or as shown the If the
Selecting OS You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS
OS You the and to the or off software. Select Matching from the the Select of the Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the and OS topic: with OS
and OS Selecting Preferences OS You from these the and EPSON using software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or red-eye sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software only software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and
Preferences OS Select You this Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or temporary Allows to when expended. High reduce
or OS Checking OS Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the
Select the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the To the button. To the then the topic: or OS
Product If to the topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Scan the Product You or and them as Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or Press the Scan The options displayed:
Press the or arrow to option and the OK Scan to USB USB and the and other Scan to to that with Scan to PC as JPEG to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as Scan to PC (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the to to.
Scan to USB To to first to to If directly to with USB the or arrow buttons to USB If to the or arrow to the from the Press the to scanning. Scan to USB Scan topic: Starting Scan Related USB Select the Scan to USB options to Scan to USB options Format JPEG JPEG Scan Selects the or Text Selects the type of Photograph or the PDF PDF with A4 or OCR highest
Scan Starting Scan the Scan Scan to USB options to Press the arrow to or increase PDF topic: Scan the Product You or the when to the buttons. You this the of the following to to the screen and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan
OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and Scan scanning software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or You Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning You Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You Scan this:
Scan other than when first topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS
Selecting Scan Scan Selecting the Scan Related topics Selecting Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and You based the type of scanning. You and and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan
Scanning Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Office Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where If using the ADF, from the Select the and that match
Source Office Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You these Source options Scan Office Automatically where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. Table Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Office
Selecting Scan Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the the the to the
Office the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the
Scanning Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which and art delineated, OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Scan JPEG operating or or scanning You preview, and the as necessary. You the when Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to text OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or it If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light.
Selecting Scan from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The only the of the that scanned.
Scanning Professional To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where If using the ADF, from the Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related
Source Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Scan Related Selecting Scan You these Source options Scan Professional ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. Table Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to
of the following to the Normal Click the to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced only.) Click the to the
Selecting Scan Professional Threshold the which text and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the it to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the
Scan or off. Unlock Unlocks the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the preview. Normal their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the using Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its image-editing Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from and optional the Scan. JPEG that highly the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS
Scanning with OS PRINT Matching II or that include PRINT II and the the displays the TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If using the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with such as With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary. the which to the Scan To Click Scan
Scan OS Scanning Scanning to PDF the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS X. Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. topic: Scanning with OS software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) topic: Scanning Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. Scan.
Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the Select PDF as the Select other to the Click the to
Click OK Scan and this Choose of the following options the If only If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning
Restoring Colors as You Scan Related Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan You the as them Scan's Restoration You this of the Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration checkbox. selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan You and the text that with processing, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY OS ABBYY to to text first such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. of the following to ABBYY to the and ABBYY (other Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this
Select the the to as the Click the Scan to Other or the that with the to to. If the Select and OK WIA option correctly. You the Select Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning,
Scanning OCR OS and then the and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) You the ABBYY OCR to to OS ABBYY to to text first using such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or scanning. the Applications and the ABBYY You this
the From and Select the the to as the Select the type of to Scan the used. Select and Scan and the Scan while to Click to the Scan and necessary.
You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR)
Connecting Telephone or these sections to This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and You to telephone to or If to the telephone to telephone or to If telephone to to
the phone to telephone and to the LINE If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or using DSL or ISDN the DSL
Telephone DSL DSL ISDN phone
ISDN or ISDN router ISDN phone numbers)
ISDN or ISDN router
If connecting or to using the from the EXT
the phone to telephone or and to the EXT If and turned the to higher than the of to phone or to the EXT to when the with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: Related
the Product Selecting Country or with header and the features to If of to the and the Product the the OS topic: these sections to features the Selecting Country or Selecting the and Information and Characters Selecting and Selecting Communication Reports Restoring topic: faxing, the country or which If the country or to their and them
Selecting the and Press the Press the or arrow to and the OK You this Press the or arrow buttons to Country/Region and the OK Press the or arrow to country or and the OK You If the correct, and the OK (If and retry.) the country or the to the topic: the Product faxing, the and phase and choose and Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or arrow buttons to the to and the OK the buttons the to the then the OK Press the or arrow buttons to the to and the OK
Information the buttons the to the AM or PM selected 12-hour then the OK Press the or arrow buttons to Daylight and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to Daylight (DST) otherwise, Then the OK If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock hour. from to the clock back hour. Press the to topic: the Product faxing, and to the header to the of the Press the Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or arrow to Communication and the OK
and Characters Press the or arrow to and the OK Press the OK to You this the to the such as or business You to characters. Select and the OK to to the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK the buttons the to to characters. You to Press the OK to to the Press the to topic: the Product Related and Characters Follow these to and characters You the LCD or the the
Selecting and Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function the Then the OK to To the of AB12 (lowercase) and the OK To and the OK Then highlight and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK topic: the Product You the and other incoming and outgoing Press the Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Selecting Communication Press the or arrow buttons to or and the OK Press the or arrow to of the Press the to topic: the Product Related You and Press the Press the Press the or arrow to and the OK You this
Reports Press the or arrow to Communication and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to of the Press the to topic: the Product Related You of reports and and You to the button, the then selecting or Press the Press the button. Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK button. You this
Restoring Press the or arrow buttons to of the reports and the OK If and the OK Press of the buttons to the topic: the Product Related You to their options, necessary. Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Press the or arrow to of the options and the OK You Select or and the OK topic: the Product Related the options to outgoing Quality and and of and art. and to the lighter and
On Prints the On Prints the transmitted the topic: the Product the options to incoming On the to and automatically. to the incoming A4 Reduction On of incoming to the the selected to Prints incoming or sheets, topic: the Product the options to phone
DRD If Distinctive Service telephone assign or phone to the and assign ECM On Correction (ECM) to of received with Fast(33,600bps) to to the of The If turned and connected to the this higher than the of to Tone Detection On Automatically the to when the tone the the header information outgoing topic: the Product to each. If this service, the of as the DRD the of the and that this service. off Correction (ECM). Medium(14,400bps) Slow(9,600bps) off tone This connected to phone Branch (PBX) or (TA)
the Select the or to or of of the incoming Trace of topic: the Product Select the to of the the and the header, and of the of the the the and of the the topic: the Product You header and the FAX
of the following: to the (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this Select (Select prompted.) You this
the OS Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: You header and using the FAX OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this
and Speed/Group the Product Select FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: You of them faxing. You to to numbers. these sections to and Speed/Group the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic: You and the
Creating Creating Creating topic: and You of to You to and combined. Press the Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK button. You this
Select the to the and the OK the buttons the to the You to characters. Press the OK You this the to the You to characters. Select and the OK You to the
the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the or arrow to the entry, the OK and the information. To entry, the or arrow buttons to the the OK and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related and Characters You easy reference. or Press the Press the Press the or arrow to and the OK You this
Creating Select and the OK Press of the buttons to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You creating Each include to numbers. You to and combined. Press the
Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow to and the OK You this Select the to the and the OK You this the to the entry. You to characters.
Select and the OK You to this: Press the or arrow buttons to highlight the to to the group, and the right arrow to selecting as necessary. finished, the OK You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the or arrow buttons to the entry, the OK and the information. To entry, the or arrow to the entry, the OK and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related and Characters You easy reference. or
Press the Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select and the OK Press of the buttons to the topic: Speed/Group the Product
Speed/Group the You and the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. of the following: to the (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this (Select prompted.) You this
Select Dial/Group You this
Select and the To entry, and the To entry, and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To numbers, and OK the as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and
Speed/Group the OS You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Dial/Group You this
To entry, To entry, and the information. To and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the previous as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and these sections to from the Product
from the Product Manually or the the OS topic: these sections to the Manually or Selecting From or from Connected Telephone Broadcasting topic: You from manually the or the the faxing. Press the
Selecting From or of the following: the to the You to characters. Press the to the If to the the OK and selecting the Press of the buttons. If and-white. To faxing, the Stop/Reset and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product You from selecting or from the the faxing. Press the
from Connected Telephone Press the Dial/Group button. If to the Select the or to then the OK If to the the OK and selecting the Press of the buttons. and to necessary. If and-white. To faxing, the the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product If connected telephone to the EXT the from the connected telephone. the faxing. Press the
Broadcasting the from the connected telephone. You this and the OK with the If to the the OK and selecting the Press of the buttons. and to necessary. If and-white. To faxing, the the telephone. the topic: from the Product You easily to the or or phone numbers. You the to to phone numbers.
You black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the Press the the or arrow to Broadcast and the OK the following as necessary: the to manually numbers. Press the arrow to numbers. To or entry, the the and arrows to highlight entry, the right arrow to entry, and the arrow to finished selecting the OK button. If to the the OK and selecting the Press the B&W If prompted, where or To faxing, the and to necessary.
the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product You of choice. You black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the button. or from or Press the button, the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow to On the to the OK then the If to the the OK and selecting the
the Press the B&W If prompted, where or To faxing, the button. and to additional necessary. the and the the specified You the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product While these Quality and and of and art. and to the lighter and topic: from the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command. You this:
Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click Print. If the first this
the OS information that the of the Then OK to the information. cover input or phone of then Next instructions the FAX Utility, If cover to cover and information, then Next. Click to topic: You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including cover
the to Select the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to Select from the You this
of the following to choose Select or from the and and the button. Click the and from Select from the You this
Reception Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with the off while the Reception Automatically Manually topic: and when reception to If connected to the and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to
Automatically Manually the off while the topic: To and automatically, If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or If telephone connected, and to that to the LCD displays that topic: Related Selecting and Selecting You to manually turning off This tone the connected telephone the connected telephone the You this LCD
If hear the option and the OK the active as the Follow the instructions the to the finished, the previous LCD the Press of the buttons to the topic: Related Selecting and
USB With Product USB Removing USB USB Follow the instructions to with USB USB Removing USB USB USB the USB the front of the topic: USB With Product Related references USB Specifications with USB follow these to If connected to using USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the the completing the or from the the of the USB the front of the topic: USB With Product You to and from USB the USB the front of From from USB to topic: USB With Product
From from USB to from to USB the USB the front of to the this or from the Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to type and the OK topic: USB Related Removing USB You to and from USB the USB the front of and connected to to and from while to the connected to
the USB the front of of the following to from Select the or then the OS with USB the then OS with Select the or from the the SHARED section of the to the to the then the USBSTORAGE Select the that the to to the or LCD to information about to or from and the to the information. topic: USB Related USB From USB
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of responsibly and with If would to to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges and Cartridges Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Screen Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of LCD Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this:
Checking Cartridge with The which or expended, Displayed of the following: If finished, OK and the OK If to Cartridge and the OK button. the OK topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges appears try to when and using To the the then the the that appears. You this:
or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly installed, To the right-click the the and Preferences You this:
the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS Related topics With Black and Cartridges You of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select EPSON You this
the following as necessary: To the or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the with the or improperly topic: Cartridge
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges Related topics With Black and Cartridges You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase within months of the Standard-capacity High-capacity Black 200XL 200XL 200XL 200XL topic: Purchase Cartridges
and Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to and the OK then choose If the LCD the the or arrow buttons to the or arrow to Cartridge and the OK
the the head hand; otherwise, touch the white the the when the cover
the the and the straight to of the or to
Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the four or the the or the from the the or the the the immediately the the head and to
the yellow from the of the other or or the the and clicks
the Press the OK The head to its and the charging the This about seconds. the charging finished. off the while the light flashing or If incorrectly, the OK the and the clicks finished, the OK If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the or surrounding with the facing If while copying or the and correctly the Then topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges
Cartridges Related the You the Cartridge to on-screen instructions This allows to or too of the following: Right-click the the and Then the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select You this:
With Black and Cartridges Click the Cartridge and follow the on-screen instructions to as necessary. topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges expended, temporarily from using the as as You with With Cartridges With Cartridges OS
With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or To this Click Stop or to If the appears another to the the or the Click the Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges Related Selecting Product If and to temporarily with or Click the the
If that temporarily with the to OS Click the to If displayed, the OK If the appears another to the the the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this Select On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the
Conserving Black with from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges Related Selecting OS Product The following appears when and there The appears only when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to using the the Click this to the If this the
topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges If become too light, or or light them, to clean the head Cleaning the You them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning Head topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head using the
of the Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press of the buttons. the this
the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there and the OK If there or the Head Cleaning and the OK to
Checking the Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head You the head or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select You this:
Click the to there the head
head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product If and the the head. You clean the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related Head Related topics Cartridges You the head the sheets of the Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Press the or arrow buttons to Head Cleaning and the OK You this Press the OK to the cleaning turn off the cleaning or The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. You this Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK button.
Cleaning the Head Press of the buttons to to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges You the head or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Cleaning You this:
Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. turn off the cleaning or the light flashing and to the clean; and the to there the head
head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning
Head the Head the Product Related topics Cartridges If become or blurry, of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Head Related Head Cleaning You the head using the of the Press the Press the or arrow to and the OK button. You this
Press the or arrow buttons to Head and the OK You this Press of the buttons to while head You this the and the or arrow buttons to choose the the each Press the OK each selection.
the Head topic: Head You the head or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Head Click Next then to while head You this:
Cleaning the Path the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head If the back of the to sheets of the
the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should clean the and when using the to it from or thinner to clean the or or other the or Turn off the the connected the Clean the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. If or the of the directly the and the with force.
the ADF cover and lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended) to the and the of the ADF.
Product Clean the outer and with lint-free cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Cleaning the Path If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from Turn off the the and to the the right (the If turn the the to then turn the off the to the with
the white the otherwise, the the from the the Disconnect connected the and the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Head Cleaning
Checking Software Updates these sections to Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality To or From USB to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Software Right-clicking the the On the the On the or the EPSON (other topic:
Product Related You often with the its LCD LCD the the and follow the the LCD screen to clear the the ADF the ADF or the the front of the to the the or and follow the the LCD to clear Communication the connected to and software correctly. Turn the off. the then the back If the Turn the off and then back If the occurred The the of its service life. (To nearing the of its of the buttons.) service life. The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service life. USB the USB correctly. tone the connected correctly and the If connected the to PBX Branch phone or off the Detection Recovery occurred firmware USB and the If this topic:
Product Related the Where to Related Connecting Telephone or operating properly. interface connected to sheets of the Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press of the buttons. the this
the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Head Cleaning to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK button.
You this Press the or arrow buttons to of these options and the OK of the the and Communication the header, and of the of the the the and of the the You and the OK to the selected and the OK to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software
Software topic: If hear from the following: The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished approximately turn off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related topics Cartridges If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related
Network Product to Wireless Router or Access If the these To LCD text the To off the heard when turn off the sound This off the sound topic: Related LCD Screen Turning Sounds these or using or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network Sheet topic: If or to wireless router or these to within of router or or such as that router or operating correctly to from or another
Network Software Product Network You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless using of the and to necessary. topic: Network If these turned and connected to using (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. If necessary, software and to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the or from the CD that with the instructions the If router, software to to the router. topic: Network
Product Not Appear OS Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the wirelessly and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If IP DHCP, the IP manually. If slow, sheet and the strength. If it to router or or such as wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or connecting to or router, switch, or with Ethernet to from another the
Scan Network If connecting the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Network If Scan try these If from restarted the software. the firewall or security software. If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the Scan to the and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR scanning software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or
Network Sheet Copying Product Nothing topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of Press the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to Confirm and the OK Press of the buttons to the (Press the to the operation.) the shown the to topic: Network these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing try these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. If the the software correctly. topic: Copying
Product It While Related Head Cleaning Head This topic: Copying these sections with the Ejection topic: If feeding these If feed Then the the right and beneath the the the of the that the the arrow the If once, the the to the and If when or sheets, than the recommended of sheets. If when both of the try sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the Follow instructions that with the topic:
Related the Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If with these the from necessary. from the output and the the white the the when the cover
or torn
the buttons the while the the Follow the the LCD to follow instructions when topic: Related the Related topics Loading If with the (ADF), these originals from the ADF. the ADF cover.
ADF the ADF without the cover or the ADF. the ADF cover then the
ADF cover or torn
the the ADF cover). the ADF input the ADF input and
Ejection from the ADF its the originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear topic: If with properly, try these If the to the the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related the or Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic:
Nothing Prints If and nothing these interface securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the right-click the and Select and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product
Product Not Appear Cartridge If the first try restarting If that try this of the following: to the right-click the and Select and Sound and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the the shortcut to the checkbox. Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the allowing to the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the replaced, to the its Complete the topic: from
Related topics Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and Clear or to existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the and the following High RAW as topic: from Related or Related Selecting
and Inverted Too Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and
Incorrect Margins Printout Related Selecting Selecting OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS
Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and Related Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear try these reprinting: securely connected both from the to the right-click the and Select and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and
Incorrect or Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading
Printout Quality White or Printout If these the the of the Select higher software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: Related topics Scanned Quality If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary.
Blurry or Smeared Printout the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Head Related or Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Cartridges If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or the to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software.
Printout or Printout If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related or Specifications EPSON Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded.
Printout curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Head Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading Cartridges If try these the of the correctly Select higher and turn off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head
Incorrect Colors Head Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as using the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related EPSON Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS OS Related topics Cartridges
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, try these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and scanning software. If operating software, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related If Scan, try these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the Scan
Scanned Quality to the and EPSON Scan the selected, then the button. (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Upside-Down
Consists of of Appears Scanned Scanned Colors Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: Related topics Quality If consists of try these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related references Office Professional Related the If of appears the with cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product
Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or warped cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these Scan and try
of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Match Colors Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of printed This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and try Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan the This the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the photo when scanned, necessary. If oriented correctly this option, the and topic: Scanned Quality Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK and
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped the matching and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with combinations of the the Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, try these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related the these with
or or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or try these the and correctly turned to automatically. to this turned that the telephone to LINE using or software to the that the phone to and testing If there tone and connected the to PBX Branch or off tone If to DSL DSL to the phone to the DSL the If telephone off correction and try lowering the correction turned trying to or turn the off while the If to phone that to that when If phone includes services, or service. topic:
with Telephone Connected to Product To or From USB Related Connecting Telephone or Reports Selecting Communication Related topics Loading the Product telephone connected to EXT that the LCD that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or If to or from USB these with the securely connected to that the correctly. topic: Related USB Specifications Related From
to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the right-click the and Select and the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall or the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove
Uninstalling Product Software OS Where to of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the utility, the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Product Software If to technical services, the following options.
www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications EPEAT These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products EPEAT Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications This EPEAT the information, EPEAT topic: Technical Specifications
Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3 www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications Rear feed, top sheets topic: Technical Specifications
Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Related Loading Capacity type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective inches Scanning to and internal Light LED topic: Technical Specifications input output Facedown US or A4 type to feeding thickness: inch Scanning restricted US or A4 to sheets (US or A4) or sheets
Specifications Specifications topic: Technical Specifications type Black-and-white and Household phone to correction CCITU/ITU with correction to (combined) memory to (ITU-T chart (with Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or RJ-11 Telephone
Specifications Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness to inch to inches to topic: Technical Specifications the expanded inches inches A6 inches A5 inches B5 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
sheets Top: inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications inch inch Top: inch Right: inch topic: Technical Specifications that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Black Cartridge months to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge Unopened the the month thaws and
Specifications Specifications Height inches inches inches (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to Rated Rated copying (ISO/IEC24712) topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches Ready off
Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications to to to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB Class computers) topic: Technical Specifications USB to 2TB the of USB topic: Technical Specifications Wireless LAN IEEE Wireless security WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 to to month USB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or WEP
and Specifications Wireless Communication Ethernet Ethernet Communication 100BASE-TX/10BASE-T LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA-C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation WLU6117-D69 This conforms to of the FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications (the should with EMC: FCC Class EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products FCC Software Notices Copyright Notice United States This with of the FCC and the the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If this to the telephone Applicable Universal Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the the that temporary of service required. isn't the the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary.
The telephone its operations or that the operation of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the customer. If this to telephone please America, Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the telephone the telephone that the the This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this If about what telephone or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or charges.) to this information follow the instructions Information". According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions,
interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the This Class with ICES-003. (IES) interface interface tous NMB-003 topic: Notices
Software Notices OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the terms of each software the of the GPL LGPL and (each Section years the of of this If to the please the of You with the of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL base-passwd-3.5.7 module-init-tools-3.2pre1 mount-2.12
GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes the software which the terms of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution
This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD mount-2.12 RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC The of RPC TCP Wrappers This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the ARC4
This includes the software "ARC4" which the terms and of the copyright to the "ARC4". This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the MD5 This includes the software "MD5" which the and of the copyright to the MD5 AES This includes the software "AES" which the and of the copyright to the "AES". SHA1 This includes the software "SHA1" which the terms and of the copyright to the "SHA1". topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON TM and EPSON of Corporation. EPSON TM and TM of Corporation. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other of Apple Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices
Copyright Notice Software Acknowledgment rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics.
Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each user to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-37345R2 topic: Copyright Notice