NPD4862-00 EN
Copyright and Copyright and of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON EXCEED YOUR VISION or EXCEED YOUR VISION of Corporation. PRINT and the PRINT Matching of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights of Corporation. of International Corporation. Scan software based the of the JPEG Group. Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS-IS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright and
IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. OS, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other of Apple Inc. of Inc. and Photoshop of Incorporated, which SDXC of SD-3C, LLC. Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory and Memory of Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights Copyright and
Introduction Where to Information The of the following the (other than with information the and the software. (PDF): with operating, and troubleshooting instructions. this when this with To the PDF or or Network (PDF): with information both the and and and this indicated as below and the following to injury. to to and operation. this the following used. to and to Professional, and Introduction
to Edition, Edition, Edition, Edition, and Edition. XP to XP Edition, XP Professional Edition, and XP Professional. OS to OS Service and other services, easily directly from smartphone, PC or anytime and practically anywhere the The services Features information about the and other services, the following URL: only) You network service using smartphone, PC, or that to the network as the Network Service Introduction
Instructions Instructions and follow these instructions to of this this reference. Also, to follow and instructions the only the with the and the with other of other cords with this or the of the with other fire or shock. AC the or to the cord, or options yourself, as specifically the the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the casing the normally or performance. that covered the operating instructions. the outlet where the easily or the or heat or locations to shocks, high or humidity. to the and to the with this least from waves from this the operation of If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. products with the LCD The following instructions Cartridges Product and and follow these instructions to the or property. this reference. the or the and the Instructions
the type of indicated the outlets the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. The power-supply cords should to and top of the cords and allow the power-supply cords to or to the power-supply cords straight the and the where they and the If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the outlet the If to the Germany, the building protected or to short-circuit protection and over-current protection the connecting the to or other with the of the Each the both connected the the that the of the If the the than the back of the and the The properly or the vertically, or turning otherwise Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. to and humidity. Also, the from sunlight, light, or heat through the the the or the the white the products that or around the Doing fire. the hand; otherwise, the the off the the or off the the outlet the LCD turned off completely or the light flashing. Instructions
the that the head the right) and the to when closing the If to the to the from the too the when the the of it to the when become Whether and often this to the of the type of that and the of cleaning that the LCD, or lights the when this replacing. The of the that ceased to with its specifications. The of this servicing activity within the and which The warranty therefore cover the of this If the this authorised service It user-serviceable the with wireless this or waves from this the operation of this such as or fire waves from this these and to to malfunction. memory The of this memory or off the while the memory light flashing. The using memory to type. to to the with memory memory with the Memory the LCD screen/touchpad The of this The LCD bright or and of its features brightness. These and that Instructions
cloth to clean the LCD or cleansers. The cover of the LCD heavy the chips or cracks, and or to the XP-410 The which when touched directly with The when touched with or touched through protective or Press the and with force or with thing such as and the to or performance to instructions and advice/warnings the section Cartridges section). Cartridges Restrictions the following to the and of the Copying of the following items prohibited government-issued government and Unused postcards, and other official items bearing Government-issued and issued to when copying the following items: monthly Passports, warrants of food Copying these items of copyrighted Products improperly copying copyrighted acting the of knowledgeable attorney, and the of the copyright copying published Instructions
to Product what XP-410 XP-310 XP-210 from PC Copy Scan from PC services Other services XP-212/XP-213/XP-216 these The this from Although they from the of operation the to Product from memory from to PC from to memory Scan to
Product Edge to Product
cover Release of the Memory Memory light to Product
Unit head the USB to AC to Product
to the Although the and and option and other items the LCD slightly from the the of operation the XP-410 XP-310 Buttons/Lights/Icons Function the and off. The light when the Flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. to the top LCD (2.5-inch) LCD (1.44-inch) to the OK Press to Press OK to the selected and to the of and the selected. the or the 1.44-inch this allows to to the to Product the the LCD Shows the Network
Buttons/Lights/Icons Function displayed the 2.5-inch LCD Indicates the as follows. Network XP-410 XP-310 to Product services services suspended. services Service error/searching Connected to strength: Connected to strength: Connected to strength: Indicates the connected AP the connected Direct Processing error/searching Connected to strength: Connected to strength: Connected to strength: Indicates the connected AP the connected Direct
XP-210 Buttons/Lights Function The light while the connected to If only the light (right) flashing, occurred. Indications the (XP-210 the or off. The light when the Flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. Press to clear Press seconds to AOSS/WPS Prints Press seconds to Press seconds to or and or scanning. Indications the (XP-210 Indications the (XP-210 While pressing the to the to their Press or and the to You and PDF the buttons While the to the Checking the Head Press the and to WPS PIN to Product Processing this seconds the light flashes) to head cleaning. the light this to the process. to (when the light off), this seconds the head to the process. Cartridge
and Introduction to and You with of coated they that the and recommends these to high-quality distributed the instruction sheets with the first and the following the the The usually whiter or the instruction with the information. of corners to the If the curled, or slightly the to smear the that or torn. to the as as resealable and from high humidity, and sunlight. Selecting The below Loading and as shown. and
to to Envelope Bright White A4 Quality A4 Heavyweight A4 A4 A4 A4 A4 and A4 to to B5 to to A5 to to to to A6 DL C6 Loading (sheets) XP-310 XP-410 XP-210
A4 with of to The capacity sheets XP-310 and sheets XP-210 The of location. the information Technical type the LCD The the type of That why the type It what of and the coverage accordingly. The below the should choose this LCD type Bright White Heavyweight Quality type from the The the type of That why the type It what of and the coverage accordingly. The below the should choose and Loading (sheets) XP-310 XP-410 XP-210
this type Bright White Heavyweight* Quality Envelope These with and PRINT information, to the that with the or PRINT Loading and Follow these to The this section the the and
the and the and then the The XP-210 C the to the and the of the Then them with the the right of the and
The often whiter or brighter than the other the first, when -oriented You with of the of to the the first with the facing that curled, or or that the and the the leading of the that too thin, as they and
the the of the too tightly. the arrow the the of than the specified the Selecting the back. To from the the back when finished Memory Card This function with XP-310 You memory or memory The following memory supported. SD, SDHC, SDXC, Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory The following memory with and
the the otherwise the Memory the light flashing and
to force the the the It should the memory while the light flashing. The the memory the cover and the the to the corner. the following sections with the or the when EPSON Scan. The of C the cover gently. and
Copying Copying copying XP-310 Follow the below to XP-410 To More Functions from the and Copy/Restore then follow the on-screen instructions.You or of the as as they than Loading and original(s) the C the Copy from the the of the or or XP-310 Select or B&W Press OK to the XP-310 OK and then Select the such as type, and or to item and or to the XP-310 OK to the Press to copying XP-210 Follow the below to Loading and original(s) the Copying
C Press or to copying. Press or seconds to users Press or and the to Copy to the section below the Copy Copy Copying
from the (XP-310 XP-410 only) from memory Follow the below to directly from memory XP-410 You layouts. Select More Functions from the and then follow the on-screen instructions. Loading and memory Memory Card C from the or to photo and the of the or or XP-310 this the to XP-410 If than memory and the selection displayed. the that the to the they To another group, the Then and Select the XP-410 and XP-310 OK and then XP-410 You and photo. Select and then the Select the such as and type. or to item and or to the XP-310 OK to the Press to
to the section below the using the More Functions Stationery More Functions and Stationery with that easy and Select More Functions or Stationery from the and then the below to the Function Copy/Restore (XP-410 only) (XP-410 only) You and Follow the instructions to Writing You of If photo to back to life. You or of the as as they than You memory layouts. Follow the on-screen instructions to You with or without as the background. Follow the on-screen instructions to
Function You monthly or monthly specify the and month. Follow the on-screen instructions to (XP-410 only) Envelope (XP-410 only) Envelope Instruction (XP-410 only) (XP-410 only) You with or without or or as the Follow the below to cards. memory to as the the Memory Card Select More Functions C Select Stationery You with or without or as the (XP-410 only) You with or without as the background or as of the following the instruction that from the Envelope Instruction (XP-410 only) You instruction that shows to the the Envelope function (XP-410 only)
Select Card Select the type. Select You or photo as the the Select or photo. the Select the type. Select the Select the A4 to Loading and the of Press to (XP-410 only) You with or without or as the background or as of the following the instruction that from the Envelope Instruction Select More Functions Select Stationery C Envelope Select
Select whether or to the Select the Select A4 to Loading and the of Press to the If when displayed whether or to back to If to the Select Envelope Instruction Select A4 to instruction Loading and the of Press to the instruction the instruction to the the the the instruction top of and both together. finished, them and the instruction that, the only, using the creases the as Functions Stationery to the section below the More Functions/Personal Stationery More Functions Stationery
from and The choose from of to the The and the the and top operating users: and the of the from Click the Software and then follow the on-screen instructions. If the appear the or the and the EPSON If the appear the right-click the or from the or top of the and then Software from EPSON If to the of the the to from the the location, this function Accessing the You the from applications, the or the To that apply to the the from that To that apply to of the from the or the to the following sections to the of the this from From Click or the the that appears, Preferences or to or of these buttons.) From the Select charm, and Then Devices and from the and Sound Right-click the or and the and Click the Devices and Then right-click the and
Click the and then from the and Sound Then the and then Select XP: Click and Other then and Select the then Printing Preferences the From the shortcut the Right-click the the then To shortcut to the first the from the as Next, the the and then the Preferences the Preferences the the shortcut to the information through the of the following procedures. Right-click the then Click the Accessing the OS The below to the to Access It Click the of Click the of OS or Preferences the Apple and then Scan Select from the and then the top right of the then the item XP only). the appear the OS Preferences the Apple and then Select from the and then OS Preferences the Apple and then Select from the and then
The this the properly. Loading and to the section below the Printable the and the the to Access the Accessing the C Click the
Select the type from the the selected type Select to Selecting If to the amount of the that the of the the as the and then the Select the You the Select or to the of Select when Click OK to the To to advanced to the section. OS Screen of the this from OS the to
Access the Accessing the OS X If the simplified displayed, the OS or or the OS or to this C Select the using as the to of the items this If the of and then Select the Select XXX as the to Selecting Select the Select when
Select from the Select the type from the Select the to the amount of the that the of the Click to Canceling If to follow the instructions the section below. the Press to
You that completely to the this the the the the appears Click the to EPSON Access the EPSON Click the The appears. C Right the to and then OS Follow the below to If from OS or through the to from the Press the to To this the Network Click the the the which
Click the to the C OS Click the Other the easy and of The instructions the the and the without to the function, with the to the
Starting Double-click the the Select and then from Software and Click the to Software and then XP: Click to to Software then OS Double-click the Applications OS then turn the Software and and finally the Product only) You of own. Product Access the Accessing the Select the Shortcuts Product to the the only) the to both of the of and only the following and
A4, B5, A5, A6 Bright White A4 This OS X. This This when the or as The capacity Selecting that the the and the amount of to text and through to the other of the The of the smeared This when EPSON To the the and the the the the EPSON Product Access the Accessing the the option the To C the other and The from the specified with sheets to the that the completely the
to or reduce the of to the selected the This Product Access the Accessing the Select Reduce/Enlarge and the and then the of the from the C the other and Product OS Access the Accessing the OS X Choose to Destination the and then the of the using from the C the other and
the to or four sheet of This Product Access the Accessing the Select and then the the C Choose the of and the other and Product OS Access the Accessing the OS X Select the of Sheet and the Direction the C the other and
the Product These instructions to other users the First the as the directly connected to Then the to each that These instructions only. To the The the following section from the as shared To the as shared or account with and the as To the as shared XP, to account. Follow the below the that connected directly to the Select from Then Devices and from the and Sound Click the Devices and Click the and then from the and Sound XP: Click and and then and from the and Other category. and Right-click the or and the and and then Then the Right-click the and then Click the options and then XP: Right-click the then Sharing
Select this then type C or hyphens the If to that of Additional and the and the operating of the other computers. Click OK then the software Click OK or the to the other Follow these to the to each that as the to which connected from another the as shared Select from Then Devices and from the and Sound category. Click the Devices and
Click the and then from the and Sound XP: Click and and then and from the and Other category. and Select the XP: Click the The appears. Click the Next C to and Click wireless or Bluetooth and then Next XP: Select or attached to another then Next Follow the on-screen instructions to the to the operating and the of the to which the connected, the to the from the software Click the and follow the on-screen instructions. OS To OS the
Scanning Scanning Starting Scan to to the process. original(s) the Scan. Select the EPSON Scan the or EPSON Scan from the and XP: Double-click the Scan the OS X: Select Applications Software EPSON Scan C Select Scanning
Select Text/Line as the Click Click Scan Scanning
Click OK Scan offers of sharpness, and other aspects affecting the Scan. graphical interface highlight, and individually. Scanning
Correction graphical interface tone individually. and and the of red, and the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the Unsharp the of (known as that appear subtly such as tones. Restoration the automatically. Scanning
Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text text when text Black&White and text the text from the graphics. You from red, or Scanning from the You and the from the to connected software the and connected to the Scanning
XP-310 XP-410 If to to memory memory first. Memory Card the the Scan from the C Select or to and OK Scan If Scan to PC If Scan to Memory Card such as and If the connected to the to which to the You the displayed the XP-410 If to the Scan to service, the which the Service Press to scanning. XP-210 the Press the PDF Scan to the section below the Scan Scan Scanning
Scanning from Scanning and easily, without selecting or This when to originals This when the the Scan. original(s). Scan. Scan C Select from the Scanning
If the this cleared, Scan immediately without this To to this the Scanning scanning. Click Scan Scan Scan each what type of and selects the automatically. Scanning and the This of and graphics. from the the Scan. Scanning
original(s). Scan. Scan Select from the C Select the Select the Click and the Scan the brightness, and other Click Scan Scanning
the the and then OK If the this cleared, Scan immediately without the Scanning Office Office text without the Scan. original(s). Scan. Scan Scanning
Select Office from the C Select the the Source Select the of as the Select original(s) as the Click Scan Scanning
the the and then OK If the this cleared, Scan immediately without the Scanning Professional Professional of and the This recommended users. the Scan. original(s). Scan. Starting Scan Scanning
Select Professional from the C Select the type of original(s) as the Select the Source If Reflective as the or as the Scanning
Select the Select original(s) as the Click to image(s). The and displays image(s). and the Scan Select the of the image(s) as the necessary. You their or reduce or their selecting the necessary. Features You the as of with and apply these when scanning. the Click Scan the the and then OK If the this cleared, Scan immediately without the and the Scan Selecting Once selected and and or the There of preview. Normal displays image(s) their You the and manually. displays image(s) as thumbnail(s). Scan the of to the image(s), and the image(s) necessary. Scanning
of the that the type and the Scan to the type. If image(s) without the displayed, image(s) the If with the displayed, image(s) displayed the that To the and the of the the Scan. Creating that appears the of to the of the following to To the manually, the the where to the of and click. the cross-hairs the to the of the To the automatically, the You only this when and the To the specified type and height the and of the located the include around the the You the and its If preview, to each to as To the the The becomes hand. Click and the to the location. To the the or of the The becomes straight or double-arrow. Click and the or to the Scanning
To the of the to or only, the as the To the of the to the the as the If the the the scanned. of Scanning Scanning First of and Scan. Scan Select from the To of the this To the and this To this Scanning
Select as the C Click the brightness, and other the Scan. Click Scan Select PDF as the and then OK Scanning
Scanning to PDF First of and Scan. Starting Scan Select Professional from the Select the Source C Click the brightness, and other the Scan. Scanning
Click Scan Select PDF as the and then OK If the cleared, Scan without the Confirmation Scan If to the and repeating as each If finished scanning, to Scanning
Click or Select this to or of the Then the the of the Editing to select, and the Scan. this when finished. The PDF Scanning First of the and Scan. Starting Scan Click OK when finished editing Scanning
Select from the Select Photograph as the Click C the brightness, and other the Scan. Click Scan Select JPEG as the and then OK Software Information Scan This software aspects of scanning. You this as or with another Scanning
to Select the Scan the Scan from the and XP: Double-click the EPSON Scan the the or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan OS X: Select Applications Software EPSON Scan to the Click the the Scan Starting Other Scanning Software software included countries. This of the buttons to You which really to Right-click the or from the or top the and Software and XP: Select the or or Software OS X: Select Applications Software and then the to the Click the OS X: Click the right of the Scanning
of You this as and of these the function, function selecting the the Each appears as the This function with XP-310 Copy XP-410 Press to the item and to XP-310 Press to the item and With slightly and to the sheet of the top and of the or the smeared when of With Reduce/Enlarge A5->A4, A4->A5, Custom A4, A5, 1015cm(46in), 1318cm(57in) Quality Quality, Reduce/Enlarge Custom Custom Specify to reduce or when selected. A4, 1015cm(46in), 1318cm(57in) Quality Quality, to
XP-410 Press to the item and Select Select Select to the LCD shows thumbnail of and allows to to quickly. To to thumbnail photo the arrow and specify the of using the buttons. The of each of the selected thumbnail A4 You specified of selected the arrow buttons and buttons. Select If than memory and the selection displayed. Select the that the to the they this to another group. XP-310 Press to the item and A4 If selected these to the slightly and to the of the top and of the or the smeared when This It affects the type of of the other than the corrected. of Selection With Quality, Quality Red-Eye Off-Current, On-Current, On-All With Quality Quality,
Scan XP-410 item and Scan to Memory Card Format JPEG, PDF Scan to instructions the The the Service Scan to PC (JPEG) Scanning from the Scan to PC (PDF) Scan to PC Scan to PC (WSD) This only English of If the of the photo this XP-310 and To PC (JPEG) Scanning from the To PC (PDF) To PC To PC (WSD) This only English of of Color, B&W Scan A4, Text, Photograph to
More Functions XP-410 item and Copy/Restore Restoration Select On to of photo. Sheet ID memory displayed the LCD Press OK to of Select to the LCD Select the and whether or to with You specified of selected photo using the arrow buttons and buttons. A4 manually allows to Select
item and Stationery You or Personal Stationery XP-310 item and Lined You or Writing Writing You with or without as the background. You monthly or monthly the and month. of Writing You with or without as the background. You monthly or monthly the year and month. Card You with or without or as the (XP-410 only) You with or without as the background or as the of the following the instruction that from the Envelope Instruction (XP-410 only)
XP-410 item and the items, the Network (WPS) PIN (WPS) Direct Confirm You the and Network or the and then the the Network XP-310 item and the items, the Network (WPS) PIN (WPS) Direct You the and Network or the and then the the Network item and the of Prints to the of the head. of Head Cleaning Cleans the head to the of the head. Head the of the head. Cartridge Select to
item and Sound Select to off sound of buttons. the Network You the directly selecting from the You whether or Services to service. instructions the The the Service You whether or Services connected to service. instructions the The the Service USB, which type of to write to the memory You USB-connected or Wi-Fi-connected to the factory XP-310 these The XP-310 of You the the LCD You the and the If there with the the the Confirm You the and You Suspend/resume services. and to the factory Suspend/resume services. and to the factory to the factory to the factory
Cartridges Cartridge and Specifications instructions the following when the of the reach of when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. If mouth, immediately and right or tear the the this the from the of the otherwise, the become or the otherwise to normally. Cartridges
the IC or the the of the Doing and the with the or turn off the the head and to Precautions of the instructions this section the recommends the of the or of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed. Gently the four or the the other too vigorously; otherwise from the This with IC that information such as the amount of each This that the from the expended, the back the when to performance. You the that with the To head performance, from operations such as and head cleaning. If to temporarily, to the supply from and the the as the the that its the of the facing upward. The supply with to the release of there to supply own covers or However, recommended. the supply of the or its surrounding efficiency, when ready to with when Cartridges
the ready to the The to its reliability. If using otherwise, and temporarily with only. information to Temporarily with Black Cartridges Expended If to the the of the when from the You the from the otherwise, or to from allow to least three hours with their facing upward. Cartridge Specifications the the the The with partly to high the head with This one-off of and therefore these to Quoted the that the type that the of and such as To and to head, the when to the The include this Although the this function or performance. or instead of the type or This of to Cartridges
Checking the Cartridge The which the the appears. You the from this If to this first the and then the and then Preferences On the Preferences clear the To the of the following: Double-click the shortcut To shortcut to the the following section: From the shortcut the the the then the EPSON graphic displays the If EPSON appear, the and the and then the the the EPSON The indication. Cartridges
OS You the using EPSON Follow the below. Access the Accessing the OS X Click the EPSON The EPSON appears. The graphic displays the when EPSON first To the The which the The displayed indication. the This function with XP-310 from the Cartridges
Select The indication. Temporarily with Black Cartridges and using should the cartridge(s) as as the following section to temporarily with This when and or directly from the without using The amount of the printed, and of Follow the below to temporarily with Cartridges
EPSON to or to If the that originates with another the to the the If the with LCD the the three seconds to the or C Access the Accessing the Click the and Select or Envelope as the Select the Click OK to the Cartridges
EPSON displayed Click Black to with OS Follow the below to temporarily with If resumed, the the If displayed prompting to the and follow the below to the with If the that originates with another the to the the If the with LCD the the three seconds to the OS Click the and appears, OK Follow the bellow to the with Preferences Scan OS or or OS or and the from the Next, and then C Select On temporary Cartridges
or Access the Accessing the OS X Click the OS or or the OS or to this Select the as the and then Select from the or Envelope as the Select the Click to the Conserving Black the Cartridge Only) The below appears when and there than It appears only when selected as the type, and Normal selected as the Quality the Advanced The the option to using normally or of to Click the to of to You the the Cartridges
Click the to the the You the the and the option to Click this to the Cartridge the (XP-310 prompted to the and OK The to the expended, the following Cartridge the hand; otherwise, the and the Cartridges
around the supply to the surrounding when the C If the the four or and then the other the them. to the the of the when from the the IC or the the of the Doing and only the Cartridges
You the yellow from the otherwise, or to If without removing the yellow the of the the yellow and then the from the of the otherwise, the become or tear the the otherwise, the and clicks. the top of the the and the charging The light to while the charging off the If the charging to If to copying, to charging finished, the that copying and from the The to its Cartridges
the (XP-210 the If the light the If the light flashing or off, the seconds the The to the The indicated the or the hand; otherwise, the the to Cartridges
C Press the If than expended, the to the This each the indicated. Once of the indicated, the to the when the and the around the to the surrounding when the If the gently the four or and then the other the them. Cartridges
to the the of the when from the the IC or the the of the Doing and the You the from the otherwise, or to If without the the of the the and then the from the of the otherwise, the become or tear the the otherwise, Cartridges
the and clicks. the top of the the and charging This about to The light to while the charging turn off the If the charging to If to copying, to charging finished, the that copying and from the The to its to to the Follow the instructions to the information using to the section below. Cartridges
If to or expended, the the Accessing the information the the OS to to the Follow the on-screen instructions to the information using to the section below. OS X If to or expended, the Then the Cartridge Accessing the OS X Cartridges
Product and Software Checking the Head If that the unexpectedly or that to the the head You the head from using the or from the the buttons. the Follow the below to the that or indicated the that the C Right-click the the then If the appear, to the following section to the From the shortcut the Follow the on-screen instructions. the OS Follow the below to the that or indicated the that loaded the C Access the Accessing the OS X Click the Follow the instructions. Product and Software
the (XP-310 Follow the below to the head the that or indicated the that the from the C Select Select and follow the instructions the LCD to the of the with the shown below. If there such as or the the head If of the as shown below, this or head. Cleaning the Head the Head the (XP-210 Follow the below to the head the buttons. that or indicated the Turn off the C that the the and the to turn the Product and Software
the release both the buttons. The the Below the of the with the shown below. If there such as or the the head If of the as shown below, this or head. Cleaning the Head the Head Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or that to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. You clean the head from the Head Cleaning the or from the using the buttons. the or off the head cleaning. If the head cleaning to head cleaning from clean the head the or the incorrect or the first to that the head to cleaned. This to the head. the head. the first. If repeating this about four the off and least hours. Then the and the head cleaning necessary. If To Product and Software
the Head Cleaning Follow the below to the head the Head Cleaning that or indicated the Right-click the the then Head Cleaning If the appear, to the following section to the From the shortcut the C Follow the on-screen instructions. the Head Cleaning OS Follow the below to the head the Head Cleaning that or indicated the Access the Accessing the OS X Click the Head Cleaning C Follow the on-screen instructions. the (XP-310 Follow the below to the head the that or indicated the from the C Select Select Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the LCD to Product and Software
the (XP-210 Follow the below to the head the buttons. that or indicated the the three seconds. The cleaning the head and the light flashing. C the light flashing, to that the head clean. Checking the Head the Head If of or to this the Head or using the buttons. to the section below. to while with the Head the Head Follow the below to the head using the Head that or indicated the the C Right-click the the then Head If the appear, to the following section to the From the shortcut the Follow the on-screen instructions to the head. the Head OS Follow the below to the head the Head that or indicated the Product and Software
the C the Accessing the OS X Click the Head Follow the on-screen instructions to the head. the (XP-310 Follow the below to the head the that or indicated the that the C from the Select Select Head and follow the instructions the LCD to the the each of to the the group. the other to the head. The or off operations Product and Software
You the applied. increase the efficiency. Please the Follow the below to the the Accessing the Click the and then the and Option Information button. Select hour hours hours hours or hours as the and the C Select or as the and the Click the OK OS Access the Accessing the OS X Click the The appears. Select hour hours hours hours or hours as the C Select or as the Click the Apply the (XP-310 from the Select C Select or Product and Software
Select Select or Network Service XP-212/XP-213/XP-216 this function. You service such as AirPrint, or using smartphone, PC, or that connected to the as the the IP the of the and search the You IP the or products with LCD products without LCD Press to the Product and Software
the found successfully, the as shown below. the The allows to the and the firmware. Cleaning the Product Cleaning the of the To operating its thoroughly the following instructions. or thinner to the These chemicals the the and the when using the to the from cloth to the LCD or or cleaners. clean cloth to clean the of the If the with grease or other hard-to-remove amount of and cloth to off the of the with force. Product and Software
to scratch or the of the and or to the Cleaning the of the To their the using the following to the the to from the the of the with the or service with LCD that or indicated the of the Copy from the C Press to without the glass.Repeat the smeared with without LCD that or indicated the sheets of the sheet C Press of the to without the the smeared with the Product If to and as below. the and or that the Product and Software
or the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from The this section the from the and the off. the and the head the the right. If the the the right, the and the the right Then off the Product and Software
C the to the with as shown, then the the white the the from the then the USB from the the and the If the the release the of the clicks, and then the to the the the protective that with the to the protective from the using Product and Software
Checking and Software Checking the software To the functions this to the following software. and Follow the below to that the software Select from and Click the and XP: Click and and Uninstall from the category. XP: Double-click the or C the of currently OS Double-click HD Double-click the Software the Applications and the The Applications software third To that the Preferences the Apple and then Scan OS or or OS or Then the the software the software that with and the software to the Software Select Product and Software
If OS X, or CD/DVD to the following to and the software. Uninstalling Software You to and then software to or operating the following section information what Checking the software and account and as XP, to account. Turn off the the interface from C of the following. Select from and Click the and XP: Click and of the following. and Select Uninstall from the category. XP: Double-click the or Select the software to such as and the from the displayed. of the following. and Select Uninstall/Change or Uninstall Click Uninstall/Change or Uninstall and then the Account XP: Click Change/Remove or Product and Software
If chose to the and then OK the appears, or Next Follow the on-screen instructions. appear to to If to selected and OS To software to the Access the Next, the section of To applications, to account. You as account the the from the Double-click the OS C Select the boxes the software to such as the and the from the displayed. Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions. If the software to the the Applications OS the to and then to the Trash If the and the of the Scan OS or or OS or the of and the Product and Software
The of this You the memory to to connected to the You to to the Devices the following when copying and the that with and to while from The information about to it or from To the information displayed, and the memory or off the while the memory light flashing or Copying and Copying to the turned and connected. Select and then and Click the and XP: Click and OS X: The appears automatically.
C Double-click the then the which If it as the If the as the XP. Select the to and them to OS users the the the the or the to If USB selected from the write to the memory from connected through To write to the the to the turned and connected. Select and then and Click the and XP: Click and OS X: The C Double-click the then the which to If displayed as the If the displayed as the XP. Select the that the to Then the and them to the OS users the the the the or appears automatically.
the (XP-310 XP-410 This section the meaning of the LCD XP-410 the of sheets the specified the type of Turn off and Turn the off and then back that the If the appears, Communication the connected correctly. If the appears, that software and that the software correct. nearing the of its service life. Press to The Please Support. the replaced. to the of their service life. the the and to the of its service life. Please to Support. canceled. memory the memory correctly. If correctly, to there with the and Combination of IP and the Network Recovery The You to the firmware Ready USB and further instructions. XP-310 E-01 Turn the off and then back that the If the appears, E-02 Turn the off and then back If the appears,
E-10 service. Turn off the to W-02 the off the and then it back W-03 the the and then W-10 incorrectly. The cartridge(s) shown the LCD them. W-12 Please the cartridge(s) shown the LCD the cartridge(s). the of W-13 nearing the of service Press to The displayed life. the replaced. to the of their service life. the the and to I-22 Press the of router. To establish wireless the the or the the wireless the Network I-23 PIN to You to the PIN the the or within If the time-out and displayed and to I-31 the software the PC from the CD. To wireless from to the CD the and follow the on-screen instructions. I-60 found. WSD Services Devices). The to PC (WSD) function only English of or Recovery The You to the firmware Ready USB and further instructions. The appear the top right the Indications the (XP-210 You the lights If the and the lights or flashing, the following to the then follow the recommended corrective
Lights and Flashing loaded. the and then of the buttons. The and the light feed More than sheet the correctly and of the buttons. If the the the or or there the to charge the The currently with the You the that with the Incorrectly correctly. the which indicated. indicated the nearly expended. To which nearly expended, the Checking the Cartridge The nearing or the of to their service life. If the nearing the of their service life, of the buttons. the which indicated with If the light the correctly. the that clicks Cartridge the incompatible which indicated with Cartridge
Lights and flashing slowly, flashing unknown occurred. Turn off the Then, the occurred while establishing the Press the to clear the and the Network Recovery The firmware and the You to the firmware recovery Ready USB and further instructions. Then the back If the clear,
Troubleshooting the Troubleshooting first the then apply the fixed. The information that to and the or the to the section below. If relating to related to or feeding or the to the section. To to Canceling Troubleshooting
Checking If while appear the If appears the nearing the of their service life, to them. The displayed the replaced. the saturated, the and to The which the There to EPSON Double-click the shortcut To shortcut to the the following section: From the shortcut the the the then the EPSON EPSON the following appears: If EPSON appear, the and the and then the button. the the EPSON EPSON the following information: Troubleshooting
If the or expended, the to appears the EPSON Clicking to displays instructions and the to the EPSON graphic of the Information: You information about the clicking Information Technical Support: Click Technical to the technical You clicking OS The which the Follow these to EPSON Access the Accessing the OS X Troubleshooting
Click the EPSON The EPSON appears. You this to the EPSON displays the the To the Troubleshooting
or expended, to appears. Click How to and EPSON through the the buttons the while the The this section the the prompted from the LCD or the from the The this section the the prompted from the Canceling Troubleshooting
the products with Troubleshooting
C of the including torn the If the the the Troubleshooting
If the with the as shown below. Press the indicated the LCD the products without LCD If the lights the flash, the to the off and then If the and lights flash, or Preventing If frequently, the following. The smooth, or You high-quality The of the the The the the arrow the the of than the specified the Selecting The the of the The that the The properly only) the of without that already printed. the Troubleshooting
Access the Accessing the C Select the the or Advanced of the that to to Click OK to the and then Select that already the the and then from the this the that already printed. Click the Quality If then with the below. Click the the that Troubleshooting or or
Incorrect or the (the whiter or of the the the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the Head within months of the to the type selected the LCD or the type of the Selecting If appears of the Head the Head If (cross-hatch) appears the Reduce/Enlarge (XP-410 only) the LCD or the of If there with the of the Cleaning the of the or the (the whiter or of the the the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the Head the Head the Head clear the High from the Advanced the OS X, from the High To the High through the following Preferences Scan OS or or OS or the and then the type selected the LCD or the type of the Selecting Troubleshooting Blurry or smeared
If there with the of the Cleaning the of the Incorrect or clear the the OS X, clear the the the or the the Advanced OS X, the from the the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the Head If the the If the recommends the Cartridge to and recommended Blurry or smeared to and recommended the that the The properly or too and the (the whiter or the If the the or slightly the the type selected the LCD or the type of the Selecting each from the as printed. or allow anything to with the of with finish. To follow the instructions of the the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the Head the Head the Head If the smeared with clean the of the Cleaning the of the Troubleshooting
If there with clean the of the Cleaning the of the Printout Incorrect or characters Clear Canceling Turn off the and the interface securely Uninstall the then Uninstalling Software Incorrect that the the correctly. Loading and the that the within the of the the the the OS X, the or Uninstall the then Uninstalling Software Printout that the the correctly. Loading and If selected Quality the Advanced or selected Quality OS X), another or of incorrect the or (XP-410 only) selected the matches the used. If the of the off, the slightly from the corner. Clean the Cleaning the of the Troubleshooting
Inverted clear the from the of or off the OS X, clear the the of or turn off the Uninstall the then Uninstalling Software the the the OS X, the or the clicking the the of the OS X, On from the To the through the following Preferences Scan OS or or OS or the and then Uninstall the then Uninstalling Software Printed smeared or If the the or slightly the without the Cleaning the of the Uninstall the then Uninstalling Software too the type selected the LCD or the type of the Selecting choose Quality the Advanced OS X, choose Quality the from Accessing the Accessing the OS X applications. Troubleshooting
If continuously the This to the and the from overheating and If this to and the least with the (The recover with the off.) the Uninstall the then Uninstalling Software If of the and the the following: Increasing the Only) Not Correctly the of and of the following: The or creased. The too the instructions that with the information. the the arrow the the of sheets than the specified the Selecting the If the The expended. If expended, Cartridge You instructions that with the the arrow the the of sheets than the the Selecting the the of the the or If or slightly the the of and that the too thin. the of the to the then the Troubleshooting
If too of printed, the as follows, and the the OS X, the the improperly If the too the the feed the correctly. Turn the off and the Then the and the correctly. or If the the to the XP-200 the to the If the the to the following section. If the when or too thin. of its The Product Not lights off Press the to the that the securely that and switch or the light Turn off the and the interface securely If using the USB interface, the USB or USB If connecting the to USB the to the first-tier from If the to directly the to without the USB If connecting the to USB the USB If trying to enough memory. reducing the of or the You to memory Troubleshooting
of clear from the Canceling Uninstall the then Uninstalling Software indicated the the the the products without LCD If the the right the The to the The that or indicated the this Then the The to the C and the and then with the the top of the Troubleshooting
the and the below. products with LCD Press OK. products without LCD Press Increasing the Only) The this section the increased selecting the when the Click the Troubleshooting
The following appears. Select the following boxes and increased. High RAW as each the Other selected the type or Normal selected as the the high choosing which reduce the the the of OS X, On from the To the through the following Preferences Scan OS or or OS or the and then Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Scanning Indicated the LCD or Light the connected to properly. Turn off the and If the the malfunctioning, or the light the to replaced. the software the instructions the software. Scan the light and the ready to securely connected to the and If necessary, AC another and turning Turn off the and and then the interface them to the appears when to Scan the EPSON Scan and the Select displayed, the of OS X: Scan from the Applications and the Select displayed, the of the directly to the USB or through USB only. The properly when connected to the through than USB If the the directly to the If than connected to only the to and then If the scanning software properly, the software first and then as the Uninstalling Software Troubleshooting Scanning
the the the function when the assigned to the Scan and correctly. If clicked the the Security or of the Software, to OS X: as the user who the software. Other first the Applications and then to to Click or the and then to Select from of the following. and Select and Security Select Security XP: Security C of the following. and Select Allow through Firewall XP: Select of the following. and Confirm that the Application selected the and Troubleshooting Scanning
Click the and then that the Application selected the or XP: Click the and then that the Application selected the and Services Click OK. software other than Scan If such as Photoshop that the selected as the or Source If using such as Photoshop the and then Uninstalling Software The You to the Cleaning the Product sheets of If the feed than sheet of You to the Cleaning the Product With Scanning Computers with USB than those with USB If using USB with the Scanning high Troubleshooting Scanning
With Scanned Scan Scan the or the Features the back of appears If printed thin the back to the and appear the with of the back of the and Characters or Office or the Text the Threshold Select Black&White as the the Brightness and then the Threshold Office Select Black&White as the and then the Threshold Professional Select Black White as the and the or OS X) to the Option and then the Threshold Increase the Characters correctly when converted (OCR) the that straight the If the correctly. appear or cross-hatch as appear of the the software scanning. Troubleshooting Scanning
Select the and smears, or straight appear You to the of the Cleaning the Product The or The of If or thumbnail or Professional the or inch) from the and of the to If using the or Office or Professional the or about inch) from the and of the to least inch) from each other the Troubleshooting Scanning
the the to the Office or Professional and the to the Click the and then clear the Then, correctly. Trying If the and the the Scan Click the Other and then Troubleshooting Scanning
Product Information Cartridges You the following with this Cartridge Black 18/18XL 17/17XL 18/18XL 17/17XL 18/18XL 17/17XL 18/18XL 17/17XL Not Cartridge within months of the to C to F) thaws and hours C F). PC Interface XP SP1 USB or higher(32-bit), or XP Professional Edition XP-212 XP-215 XP-312 XP-315 XP-412 XP-415 month C F) C F) Product Information XP-213 XP-217 XP-313 XP-413 XP-312 XP-315 XP-412 XP-415 XP-212
OS PC Interface OS USB The UNIX (UFS) OS supported. Technical Specifications Specifications to without specifications top Capacity XP-310 and sheet with of to to the of or type of the to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and or other If switch to higher of sheets: XP-210 Product Information
A4 or distributed Thickness to to to Envelope to Printable Highlighted A6 A5 B5 Envelope DL Envelope C6 Normal Product Information
type C the type of the top and areas of the or the smeared. specifications type Photoelectric CIS Product Information
Effective inches) A4 or US Scanning to and Light LED Network interface IEEE with IEEE or IEEE location of purchase. with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 XP-210 this function. Memory The of this Scanning restricted to Security: WEP WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES) Communication Direct Product Information
Compatible memory Memory DCF DCF or specifications JPEG with the to of XP-410 to XP-310 to Mechanical Approx. With the Without the and cord. Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD XP-210 XP-310 XP-410 Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) Height: inches) Product Information Width: inches) Depth: inches) Height: inches)
XP-210 to Rated to to Rated to copying (ISO/IEC24712) XP-310 to Rated to to Rated to copying (ISO/IEC24712) XP-410 to Rated to to Rated to Ready off Ready off Product Information
copying (ISO/IEC24712) the the back of the its users when copying the specifications. Operation: to C to F) Humidity Operation:* to RH Without and U.S. UL60950-1 CAN/CSA-C22.2 EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class These the following wireless Corporation WLU6117-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of the FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. Ready off Approx. to C to F) month C F) to RH Product Information
EN60950-1 EC EMC 2004/108/EC EN55022 Class EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN55024 R&TTE 1999/5/EC EN300 EN301 EN301 EN60950-1 users: Corporation, that the C462K, C462L and C462M with the and other of Directive 1999/5/EC. Ireland, UK, Germany, Italy, Norway, Iceland, Greece, Poland, and operation If of authorization Italy. responsibility to the protection of the products. Australian EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 Class that the C462K, C462L and C462M with the and other of AS/NZS4268. responsibility to the protection from non-recommended of the Interface USB Class computers) Product Information
Where To Technical If further the shown below. Select country or and to the section of The or other downloadables from the If operating properly and the services Contacting Contacting If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased to them the following information: Product (The the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with the the and/or the memory. to or of and/or the of or recovering and/or warranty that own or Where To
Warranty information to information, and services World Information specifications, and products with the following the and information Product or service and warranty service Telephone E. City 1F., E. Rd., City City, County Township, County City, County City, County 1F., North Hsinchu City 3F., City City East City N. North City Where To
Telephone 1F., City City 1F., City, County wishes to with high of service. to the following information: Dont that often and The should the first they often and easily as as the to URL the World Worth the The information and technical as to to the and operating products and where the or service located. of The to the information when The information the the This information includes type of operating and information required. Sources of information, and services from World Information specifications, (FAQ), and Where To
with the following the and information Product or service and warranty To technical as as other services, users to Limited. established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Product information to of World Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: Where To