XP-600
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the basic features of the Product Locations The and EPSON these sections to the and Lights LCD Turning Sounds topic: Product
LCD The and the light The The LCD The and buttons; the of The arrow and OK The button; or The light The CD The back The topic: the You the of the to to access. or to the as shown. topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then OK Press the arrow and then OK
Turning Sounds Product Locations Press the arrow and then OK Select and then OK Press the to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then OK Press the arrow and then OK Press the arrow Sound and then OK Select Press and then OK Select the and then OK Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product Top Product Product Product topic: Product
Product Top cover CD/DVD (shown and topic: Product Locations
Product cover
cover Memory light Memory USB topic: Product Locations
Product Product head/ink topic: Product Locations AC Rear cover USB
The and the from the topic: Product Locations The or off of You the increasing the reduces the efficiency. the from the the from the the and the and OS topic: Product You the to the the off automatically. Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons, and then OK Press the arrow and then OK You this Press the arrow and then OK
the from the You this Press the or arrow buttons to the of which the to off when Then OK Press the to topic: The and You the to the the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons, and then OK Press the arrow and then OK You this
Press the arrow and then OK You this Press the or arrow buttons to the the to Then OK Press the to topic: The and
the and You the software to the the or off automatically. of the following: Click and Devices and Right-click and Preferences Click and Click and Sound right-click and Preferences XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and Preferences Click the Click the and Option Information You the and Option Information
the and OS Select the of which the to off when as the Click Select the the to as the Click Click OK to the topic: The and You the software to the the
of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences and or Select Select You this Select the of which the to turn off when as the Select the the to as the Click Apply the
EPSON EPSON the EPSON topic: The and You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to and from anywhere: EPSON Print, EPSON EPSON Remote Print, and EPSON Scan to EPSON the EPSON EPSON Remote EPSON Scan to topic: Product With EPSON Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or photo and to as the If already when software, www.epson.com/connect to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options EPSON account. topic: EPSON this free Apple and to to EPSON products. The EPSON Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or as the
EPSON Remote EPSON Scan to www.epson.com/connect to learn about EPSON and the of Download EPSON from the Apple or to the wireless that from to EPSON topic: EPSON With EPSON Remote software or to EPSON anywhere the world. www.epson.com/connect to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the EPSON to and this Remote the and choose this EPSON as the topic: EPSON The EPSON Scan to service to that with EPSON as the www.epson.com/connect instructions account and with EPSON to the EPSON with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to and ready to the the Scan to service topic: EPSON
Related Starting Scan the Product allows to wirelessly to EPSON products directly from iPhone, and the of EPSON wireless as the Apple to the wireless that from iPhone, or to EPSON topic: Product With Account, from Apple or to EPSON wireless You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or If the first EPSON wireless as the EPSON and connected to the the If already wireless follow these to the wireless that EPSON IP the the IP the of the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click
Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Chromebook, Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: Product Related Network
Selecting Wireless Network from the You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD. The through Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and then OK You this Press the OK to Press the or arrow buttons to the of wireless and the OK If wireless manually. To the wireless manually, Other and the OK as the
wireless (or and then Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight or and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK Press the OK to Select to or and the OK The light should flashing. If the light off, selected the or the incorrectly. these to
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Loading Loading Capacity EPSON or You and other these the inches inches inches A6 inches inches or the the necessary. the there and This
the front cover. the The the right the outward.
the front to the the Various the with the or facedown. the the front the the too tightly. the the the
Loading the as follow these only the recommended of sheets. first and facedown. the the the and sticking from the of the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You to this the inches or the
the necessary. the there and This the front cover. the front cover to the
the outward. If the CD/DVD from the Press the the and then it as shown. the front to the the
with the or facedown. the the and from the of the the the too tightly. the the the
Loading the as follow these the recommended of sheets. first and facedown. the the the and sticking from the of the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You as You this inches or the
the output necessary. the there and This the front cover. the front to the
the outward. to facedown and as shown. the sticking from the of the the the too tightly. the the the
Loading Capacity the as follow these If of each or that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity the the of the type to this sheets inches or A4 EPSON Bright White sheets EPSON sheets inches
EPSON type to this EPSON EPSON EPSON sheets EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON Quality EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
count EPSON Bright White inches S041586 EPSON inches S041809 EPSON inches S041808 S041727 EPSON inches S042181 S042174 EPSON inches S041405 EPSON inches S041982 inches S041331 EPSON inches S041062 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 S041067 S042038 S041271
Sheet count EPSON inches S041467 inches S041257 EPSON inches S041568 Double-sided EPSON inches S041341 EPSON Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided EPSON Quality A4 inches S041106 EPSON Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON inches inches S042180
or inches inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White EPSON Bright White EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON Quality Self-adhesive EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON Brochure Envelope The only when from they apply to
topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the anything top of or its cover as writing to the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top of the facing the shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other and from the of the
If copying the as shown to the first then the as shown to the the to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or Copying and Restoring Related Copying CD/DVD You or and of including or photo the the to only the recommended of sheets. Select Copy and OK To than or to the to
Press the right or arrow buttons to or B&W Press the arrow and then OK to and necessary. to To Copying Copying topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity EPSON Related topics Loading the Product Select that matches the loaded. type EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON Quality Self-adhesive EPSON EPSON EPSON
Copying Copying type EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON topic: Copying or Select the that matches the loaded. You only these inches inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Copying or Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option Varying the or of Copying 1>1-Sided the to 1>2-Sided
Copying option With around the Expands the to the of the A4, Copy originals Copy originals A4, of or of or Reduce/Enlarge Custom Automatically the the Automatically the to the selected and other Automatically from to another Selects the the the selected type Source
Copying option Text text Text that includes text and photograph Quality only) Quality the highest the of originals (only when selected) Margin Edge the of Top Edge when selected) the amount of or appear the front of the when the Clear the to the topic: Copying or Related the Related topics Loading
Copying and Restoring You the as them. the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons, More Functions then the OK Select Copy/Restore and the OK You this Press the arrow to On then the OK to the Press the or arrow instructions the Press the Press the or right arrow buttons to through and that to Press the or buttons to or of the to If originals the the or right arrow to the then or to or of the to To the the arrow
or of the following: To the the LCD the OK and the To the and Copy the OK and the To the the OK and the To or photo, the OK and the or and arrow to the ready to the To topic: Copying
From with Selecting or from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product Related Checking Software You with as these Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting Selecting Preset Selecting Double-sided or Selecting topic: From the the or photo to photo or
Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of
Select the Quality Option that matches and the to Select the Source that where the or CD/DVD to Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the of the as the You the to of the options: If photo, You type and to without the If or with Select the of or photo as shown the If To both of the option. of the options. If to the the Source topic: with Related or
Source Related Selecting Double-sided You of the options the Source to the that Selection Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the and switches to when empty. CD/DVD Selects the CD or DVD as the topic: Selecting You of the options to options or other chosen. the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. Red-Eye or red-eye Prints first. of
Selecting Advanced topic: Selecting Select the Advanced to the and and Click the Advanced You the advanced Select the Quality Select where the or CD/DVD to Select the type of loaded.
Advanced Quality the type the to the Select the of the loaded. Select to photo, or to or with You type and to without the Select or as the of or If Select of the advanced options. Select of the or off Advanced Quality Advanced topic: with Related Source or Related Selecting Double-sided You of the to the of the type and chosen. photo
Advanced the with with reduced quality. Normal text and text and graphics with and and graphics with and RPM the the topic: Selecting Advanced You of the options to options other chosen. Red-Eye or red-eye High reduce Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the of Black/Grayscale Prints text and graphics or of when Paper/Bright White as the or topic: Selecting Advanced You the the Advanced to the or off software.
Selecting Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM turn off software the option. You then using software. topic: Selecting Advanced You of and options or the
To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and options. To both of the To of or sheets of the and the options To and their the To the of option: To the as the then the necessary) to the amount of
Selecting If the option the white photo. To the its without as the To to To or the the or checkboxes. topic: with Related Selecting Double-sided to of You clicking the the Advanced Click the Shortcuts You the
option to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with
Selecting Double-sided You both of the selecting of the options the or options the these inches and A4 options other chosen. Click the Select of the options: Select the to Select the to manually and the to the other (recommended that Select the to the of to Click the button. You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the You this
Double-sided Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If selected the type, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the topic: with Related Selecting Selecting Advanced You of the options to Edge Select that the
or Margin options that to allow Option Select option to when creating topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Checking Click OK or to Checking topic: with Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting this showing the of It allows to and
Selecting To To To topic: or the apply while that If to the Right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the Select
You the Click the You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting
with OS software to the software. You often the software or this Right-click the the Select Software You this of the following: To often the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these
Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the the or to photo or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them Select the and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these Select the Source to from.
Source OS Quality OS Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the options. Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related Selecting OS or OS You of the options the Source to from that Selects the as the Selects the as the topic: Selecting OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with
OS Selecting OS with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and and graphics with and RPM the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the horizontally. If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the
Selecting OS If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to You type and to without the Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the
Selecting Double-sided OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
options pre-selected or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided
OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the screen topic: with OS You the Matching and to the or turn off software.
and OS Select from the the Select of the options. Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching of the and OS topic: with OS You from these the Matching and
Selecting Preferences OS Matching EPSON software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software using only software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and You this
Preferences OS Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or Switching Automatically switches to the other when of the of High reduce
or OS Checking OS Warning Notifications choose whether or to from the software when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the
Product Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or OS If to the topic: From
Scanning Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting EPSON Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, using of these methods. Starting Scan the Product Scan the EPSON Scan Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You to buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to Scan and the OK The options displayed:
Press the arrow to options, then the Scan to Memory Card memory and the quality, and other Scan to to that with EPSON Scan to PC directly to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as Scan to PC (WSD) wireless or (English only). To to PC, first to connected to If connected directly to with USB USB If connected to the from the
Scan to Memory Card Press the to scanning. Scan to Memory Card Scan topic: Starting Scan Related EPSON Scan to Select the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options JPEG JPEG PDF PDF or black-and-white B&W Decrease or increase Scan Selects the or A4 Text Selects the type of Photograph or the with or OCR highest
Scan Scan the EPSON Scan Scan to Memory Card options the of originals topic: Starting Scan the Product You or the when to the buttons. You this the of the following to Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or change. the as necessary. Click OK topic: Starting Scan the Product You the EPSON Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction features and interface
OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or You EPSON Scan this: topic: Starting Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning You EPSON Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You EPSON Scan this:
Selecting EPSON Scan the instead of the EPSON Scan Select options as necessary. topic: Starting Scan EPSON Scan, to Scan
Scan Selecting the Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning EPSON Scan choice of with of This the type of scanning, selects and You options. You based the type of scanning. You and and Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Selecting the Scan the EPSON Scan to from the the right of the EPSON Scan
Scanning topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You the and options necessary. EPSON Scan and as the You this
To options or the and OK To choose of the the the option. To the Click Scan EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Selecting EPSON Scan
Scanning Related Scan You these options EPSON Scan from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the when scanned, necessary. (If oriented correctly using this option, this option and topic: Scanning EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to text using OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the EPSON Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning You these options EPSON Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Backlight Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text
Selecting Scan and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the EPSON Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where
Scanning Office To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Office EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where Select the and that match Select the to Click the
Selecting Scan Office EPSON Scan and displays the If the that to of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or it scanning If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click each and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options EPSON Scan Office Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the
Scanning Professional Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art delineated, OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and Professional as the You this
the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the EPSON Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options EPSON Scan Professional this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options EPSON Scan Professional Not the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the
Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of using graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional
Selecting Scan Professional You reduce or the of as You such as This of that the to the the Click the to the EPSON Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the or off.
Scan Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the using the as There of the and selected displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting EPSON Scan If to to increase the from the EPSON Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the EPSON Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its image-editing Increase EPSON Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high quality. the inch) and the the to You the or Select EPSON Scan's based the the to Print/convert to (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting EPSON Scan You the location, and of the You optional that EPSON Scan when and The appear Scan the EPSON Scan You to the clicking the the EPSON Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting EPSON Scan You from and optional the EPSON Scan. JPEG that However, the higher the the the quality. (The when to or when to the allowing to the using PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS
Scanning with OS PRINT II or that include EPSON PRINT Matching II and the the displays the created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with using such as With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or editing such as Select EPSON from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scan OS Scanning Scanning to PDF Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS X. Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. topic: Scanning with OS software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) topic: Scanning EPSON Scan, and PDF Format)
scanning. EPSON Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the Select PDF as the
Select other to the Click the to Click OK EPSON Scan and this Choose of the following options the If only If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the editing finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the EPSON Scan necessary. EPSON Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the
Restoring Colors as You Scan topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the EPSON Scan Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan Related topics the Product You the as them EPSON Scan's Restoration You this of the Office EPSON Scan offers that scanning. EPSON Scan. Select the to Select the or the the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the EPSON Scan necessary. EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR Related Starting Scan the EPSON Scan Selecting the Scan Related topics the Product Selecting EPSON Scan You and the text that with processing, spreadsheet, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY OS ABBYY to to text first using such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this
Select the the to as the Click the Scan to Other or the that with the to If the Select and OK WIA option correctly. You the Select Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning,
Scanning OCR OS and then the Select and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Related topics the Product You the ABBYY OCR to to OS ABBYY to to text first using such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or scanning. the Applications and the ABBYY You this
the From and the the to as the Select the type of to EPSON Scan the used. and Scan and the EPSON Scan while to Click to the EPSON Scan and necessary.
You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Related Scanning with OS Related topics the Product
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card memory the memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. Memory light force the the the The memory light flashes and then
Memory Card the memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with You the following the memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD
Memory Card Specifications Memory Card topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing.
from Memory Card and and If connected to USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and From Memory Card Cards topic: Memory Cards With Product these sections to and LCD and Displayed the LCD Memory Card Memory Card topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK The first photo memory displayed:
Press the right and arrow to through and that to or Press the or buttons to or of the photo to To and others the arrow buttons and the selections To the the arrow You this
Displayed the LCD of the following: To the selected and of to Select the OK and the To the the LCD the OK and the To the the OK button, and the To the appearance brightness and of the OK and the To or photo, the OK and the or buttons to the or the to the finished, the OK ready to the To the topic: and Related Memory Card Memory Card Related Displayed the LCD If to or the LCD the arrow the OK button, then the To the photo, the to the or the to the outward. To the the arrow buttons. To the the To the the OK topic: and
Memory Card Select the options to when and the LCD The the of the photo, the options Automatically the brightness, and On of the based the Detection that selected. off below PRINT Matching or P.I.M. the Detection of the option that matches People Night Automatically the red-eye Red-Eye On tone to the or photo black-and-white to the or B&W photo Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects.
Memory Card topic: and Select the options to when displayed the LCD options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Source Prints Prints Prints and then when the first the and type of both when selecting this option) Expands the to the of the With around the Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the photo the the
From Memory Card options Info. On off this Text Prints that Prints location information that built-in GPS On the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to To clear the then OK topic: and You or from memory of Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to Functions and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to Sheet and the OK You this
Press the or right arrow buttons to of the options and the OK button. You this Press the or arrow to the that matches the and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to the that matches the and the OK the selected, this
If the of the following: To allow to the automatically, and the OK Press the to to If to photo, the Press the OK when finished. To the manually, manually and the OK Press the arrow displayed to options, the OK to each If the to the when finished the arrow buttons to Finished then the OK If to the the the or arrow to then the OK Press the or buttons to or of each to Press the OK To than of the the or buttons to the to ready to the To the
Cards Creating and Card Template topic: from Memory Card Select the to when Prints photo or or or the or of the ID Prints Prints the of Index Prints to thumbnail topic: From Memory Card You memory or other and handwritten or First photo and template Then the and cards. Creating and Card Template Card from Template topic: from Memory Card and memory Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to More Functions and the OK button. Press the or arrow buttons to Card and the OK You this
Card from Template Select Select and Template and the OK Press the or right arrow to the and the OK Select to three or to Then the OK Select the type of to and the OK Select the other as necessary, the OK each selection. ready to template the topic: Cards Related Memory Card Related topics Loading template printed, to and
or to the and the Text and Text Effects. within the You write hand, and the or the that photo photo (lower) this inches or this inches Select Cards from Template and OK (If the option, the the or right arrow buttons, and More Functions OK Card OK Cards from Template OK Follow the instructions the LCD to the template facedown the with the facing the front right corner. the cover, then OK To than or to the to ready to the To the necessary. topic: Cards
Memory Card from from Memory Card to Related Creating and Card Template You to and from memory memory from from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory memory from the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow to and the OK button. Press the arrow buttons to type and the OK topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory connected to
memory memory of the following to memory from Select the or then the OS with USB the then OS with Select the or from the the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card
with Product from Connected to Product Selecting and Follow the instructions these sections to with such as smartphone, or other from Connected to Product or from USB or If that PictBridge to the and directly from the to JPG and from to the of of type, and supported, and the Selecting and Connecting and from topic: with Product from and the only the of the photo, the Press the button, necessary.
Press the or right arrow and then the OK Press the or arrow and then the OK
Select and the OK Select the to the back Select and the OK Select the to then the to ready to and
topic: from Connected to Product the options to when from options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Source Prints Prints and then when the first the and type of both when selecting this option) Expands the to the of the With around the Prints Prints the selected of and or CD/DVD or Prints photo the or of the Prints the of Prints to
options Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white the which the On Prints the which the photo Info. Prints and ISO Text Prints that Prints location information photo that built-in GPS On the to the selected photo off Bidirectional On Prints to CD of Selects and outer from CD the when CDs/DVDs from topic: Selecting and
Select the options to when from The the of the photo, the options Automatically the brightness, and On of the photo based the Detection that selected off below PRINT or P.I.M the of Detection the option that matches People Night the red-eye Red-Eye Automatically the On off the tone to the or black-and-white to the or B&W photo Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects.
Connecting and from topic: Selecting and the turned memory from the the to the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to Turn Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the topic: from Connected to Product Related Removing Memory Card Related topics Loading
or from USB or USB Specifications Connecting and USB or You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product Related Memory Card Related topics Loading and You that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: or from USB or or the turned the of memory from the the to USB or the USB that with the USB the front of
(such as CD) necessary. Select the to from the LCD the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or
Coloring You or or or stationery with background. Coloring and Graph You from memory or from photo or the of these of inches or A4 inches EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow More Functions then OK
Press the or arrow Coloring then OK of the following: Select or to from facedown the the front right corner. Select Memory Card to from memory then photo. Press the OK Press the or right arrow to the and type of that loaded. Press the arrow to Source and where If necessary, the following to the or Detection to the amount of the to the To the topic: Related Memory Card
Related topics Loading the Product You or with of the background. inches or A4 inches memory memory Press the button, necessary. Press the or right arrow More Functions then OK
Press the or arrow then OK Press the or right arrow and then OK to of the following without the each option to the Select the of loaded, then OK Select the photo to then OK To the the arrow. to OK To than or to the to to the To the topic:
Lined and Graph Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You or and or A4 inches Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow Functions then OK
Press the or arrow then OK Press the or right arrow and then OK to of the following Thin Graph the each option to the Select the of loaded, then OK to OK To than or to the to ready to the To the topic: Related topics Loading
CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD Follow the instructions to CDs or to CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD Removing Printed CD/DVD CD/DVD the CD/DVD from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD from Memory Card from You of the following features to CD/DVD and Copy existing CD/DVD CD/DVD to from memory CD/DVD text and from the EPSON CD software that with You to with from memory topic: Related Copying CD/DVD from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD from Memory Card You CDs or including the CD/DVD while the copying, or other operations. or the of the CD/DVD become or scratched.
If where the to within inch of the to the the or EPSON CD software. or Press the necessary. Press the CD CD/DVD then the OK to CD and the OK the the nothing the then the front cover.
the CD/DVD from the of the CD or DVD the CD/DVD with the and the the the the the and the the Press OK The CD/DVD of off the with CD or DVD the first. topic:
Printed CD/DVD CD or DVD printed, the automatically. the CD/DVD of the and then CD or DVD from the the CD/DVD the the of the the CD or DVD You to to hours the to the type of used. from and sunlight. topic:
CD/DVD the Copying CD/DVD You CD or DVD the and the another CD or DVD. the cover. CD or DVD facedown the of the the cover to topic: You or CD/DVD directly CD or DVD. If first the CD, DVD, or to Press the necessary. Press the CD Select CD/DVD Copy and OK Follow the instructions the LCD to CD, DVD, or the then OK If necessary, the and outer of CD as shown the then OK You this
from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD Press the or arrows to of the options shown the and OK If OK Select as ready to the To the topic: Related Loading CD/DVD CD/DVD the Related topics Loading the Product You or from memory directly CD/DVD. If first memory memory the CD, DVD, or to Press the necessary.
Press the CD button. Select CD/DVD and OK You this Press the or right arrow buttons and then OK Follow the instructions the to photo or the screen to the and outer of CD or DVD, the necessary, then OK You this
from Memory Card Press the or arrows to of the options shown the and OK If OK ready to the To the topic: Related Loading CD/DVD Memory Card Related topics Loading You from memory to CD/DVD You to the printed, and to memory memory the to Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons, More Functions then OK
CDs/DVDs from Press the arrow Sheet then OK Press the or right arrow and of the following: to photo the of the Index to or thumbnail the Select and type, then OK Follow the instructions the LCD to and the of ready to the To the printed, and following the topic: CDs/DVDs Related Memory Card Related topics Loading directly CDs or from and the EPSON CD software as the
CD/DVD with CD/DVD CD/DVD with CD/DVD with OS topic: CDs/DVDs Related Loading CD/DVD You with the EPSON CD software, as these CD/DVD CD/DVD CD/DVD CD/DVD Quality topic: from You EPSON CD to and creating effects. the EPSON CD You this
CD/DVD the buttons the of the to template or background or graphic information, the finished creating and topic: CD/DVD with to then the CD or DVD that or the EPSON CD and You this selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the Click
CD/DVD Position topic: CD/DVD with If correctly the the CD/DVD to EPSON CD and You this Select Confirmation Click the the from the to the Top and Right to from the of the and the of the Click then You this
CD/DVD Quality Click then the Top the Height and the Right the (Right) Click OK topic: CD/DVD with If smears or the and This to their the of CD/DVD to EPSON CD and You this
CD/DVD with OS Select Confirmation Click the and to to the or the the Click the Correction to or as necessary. Select Confirmation and the Click to another the to further the ready to CD or DVD. topic: CD/DVD with You with using the EPSON CD software, as these
CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS CD/DVD Quality OS topic: from You EPSON CD to and creating effects. the EPSON CD the Applications Software CD You this the the of the to background or graphic
CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS finished creating topic: CD/DVD with OS to then the CD or DVD that or the EPSON CD and from the You this selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the topic: CD/DVD with OS If correctly the the CD/DVD to
EPSON CD and from the You this Select Click the the from the to the Top and Right to from the of the and the of the Select from the Select You this
CD/DVD Quality OS Click Entry then the Top the Top and the Right the Right Click OK topic: CD/DVD with OS If smears or the and This to their the of CD/DVD to EPSON CD and from the You this
Select Click the and to to the or the the Select from the Select or the Correction as necessary. Select and Click to another the to further the ready to CD or DVD. topic: CD/DVD with OS
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of EPSON responsibly and with If would to to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge Purchase EPSON Cartridges Removing and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of LCD Press the necessary.
Checking Cartridge with Press the or right arrow then OK Select then OK The displayed. Displayed Press OK to topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges appears to when and To the the You this
or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the the of the To offers, the checkbox. topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS You the of of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select EPSON You this
Purchase EPSON Cartridges Cartridge the following as necessary: You the clicking or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that EPSON and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase within months of the Black (PBK) 273XL Standard-capacity High-capacity
Removing and Cartridges Black (BK) 273XL 273XL 273XL 273XL topic: Purchase EPSON Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. that the CD/DVD Turn If expended, the LCD which to and OK Then and OK If the LCD the or right arrow buttons, OK OK Cartridge OK Then the Standard-capacity High-capacity
the the head hand; otherwise, the white the the to the replacing. Then the of the to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of
the the that with of the or try to If the Black (BK) it recommended that the four or You to the Black (PBK) or of the other the the or
the from the the shown Doing and the from the and the that with the or of them. other or or
the head first the Then the of the clicks Once the that replacing, the The the This the LCD If incorrectly, the and the clicks finished, the If or and the If the using the that with to the from and to the surrounding from smeared
Conserving Black with the the as the the with the of the head and to topic: Cartridges Related Purchase EPSON Cartridges The following appears when and there The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected Click to of to or to the the Click this to the If this the software. topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges If become too light, or or light them, to clean the head Cleaning the You clean them clean them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the
the CD/DVD of the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to then OK Press the arrow to then OK Select then OK Press the
The printed. the to there the head clean head cleaning of the following: If there the head clean. Select then OK If there or the the arrow buttons to Clean the head then OK Follow the instructions the to the head. If cleaning the head to the and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Cleaning the Head the Product Loading Related topics Cartridges
Checking the You the head or the CD/DVD sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select You of these
Click the to there the head head cleaning
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Cleaning the Head Loading Related topics Cartridges If and the clean the head. You clean the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges You the head using the the CD/DVD of the Press the necessary.
Press the arrow buttons to then OK Press the arrow buttons to then OK Select Head Cleaning then OK Press the to the head. You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, the
Cleaning the Head Select OK then to and that the head clean. If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Checking the the Product Loading Related topics Cartridges You the head or the CD/DVD sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences and Select Select Head Cleaning You of these
Click to the cleaning You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head clean
Head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to clean the head If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Checking the Computer Loading Related topics Cartridges If become or blurry, of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head
the Head the Product topic: Quality You the head the the CD/DVD of the Press the necessary. Press the arrow to then OK Press the arrow buttons to then OK
the Head Press the arrow to Head then OK Press the to while head the and the the each Press the OK when finished. topic: Head You the head or the CD/DVD of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select
Select Head Click Next then to while head You of these
the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head
Cleaning the Path If the back of the to sheets of the the to without the the back of the to clean. as necessary the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product Transporting Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should clean the and front cover when the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the connected the Clean the with cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. Clean the and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise
the the the head and the from the its this the Turn off the the and to the head the right (the If the the head to then the off the to the with the white the otherwise, the the from the the connected
the then the the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software Updates these sections to using Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Software or Right-clicking the the On the the the EPSON topic: Related
Product You often with the its LCD You information and how-to instructions the Press the necessary, the or right arrow then OK LCD the Follow the instructions the LCD to the from the indicated loaded. the There with originals the to the they correctly and the operation. correctly the Turn the occurred. Turn the off and then back If the off and If there Communication the connected to and software correctly. connected. The the of their service and the nearing the of its the (To service life. Please the Support. The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service life. Please Support. Memory or the memory or correctly and the specifications Combination of IP There with the to and
Product LCD Recovery occurred firmware USB and try the firmware If this topic: Related Where to the Product the the Related topics Loading the Product operating properly. interface connected to the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to then OK
Press the arrow buttons to then OK Select then OK Press the The printed. of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected
the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related references Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons, then OK Press the arrow buttons, then OK
Select of these network You Select to the selected to the operation.) topic: these sections while Installation Software topic: If hear from the following: The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the turn finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished approximately off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related Where to
Software Network If while software, these turned and the USB securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related If the these To LCD text To the of the or topic: Related LCD these or
Product to Router or Access or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network topic: If or to wireless router or these to within of router or or such as that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. topic: Network
Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network If these turned and connected to If necessary, software and topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as
Scan Network LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing If the LED off, try the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or to or router, switch, or connecting with Ethernet to from another the If connecting the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network If EPSON Scan these If high If network while EPSON Scan, EPSON Scan, seconds, and If EPSON Scan off back and restarting EPSON Scan the and the EPSON Scan Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the EPSON Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or
Network With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons, then OK Press the arrow buttons, then OK Select then OK Press the to the (Press the to the operation.) the shown the to
Copying Product Nothing Product It While topic: Network these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the light software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections using with the Product the the Ejection topic:
the Product If feeding try these If feed correctly, and the right of the and the the the the the If feed once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of If when both of the try sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with punched Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity the Product the the Related topics Loading If that the follow the below or the LCD to clear the the necessary. the and
the white the the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the
the the If that the follow the below or the LCD to clear the the necessary. the then the the the as If the the right Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the If that the follow the below or the LCD to clear the the necessary.
Press the buttons to release the and the from from the from the the and from
the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the
Ejection from Nothing Prints If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related or the Product the the Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the
Product Not Appear to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that try this of the following: Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the or Click the Preferences Click the Shortcut
Cartridge Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the allowing to the If the head the the then Cartridge to to the and the replaced, to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the and Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software.
and Inverted Select Click the or and the following High RAW as topic: from Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion
Too Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when EPSON Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS that the or software topic: and If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Preferences OS Related Selecting Selecting OS
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints If incorrect try these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear try these reprinting: securely connected both from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS
Printout Quality White or Printout Related topics Loading If these the the of the Select higher software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Head Related Selecting Selecting OS these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded.
Blurry or Smeared Printout the of the facedown the Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Preferences OS Related Selecting Advanced Related topics Loading Cartridges If or smeared, these curled, or the (the should facedown). with or the specifications EPSON to and absorption of EPSON the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software.
Printout or Printout If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Increased Drying to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while it that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Preferences OS Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting Double-sided Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them.
Printout the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or the (the should facedown). the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related references or Related Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading Cartridges If these the of the facedown the higher and turn off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning
Incorrect Colors Head Related Preferences OS Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. EPSON and topic: Quality Related Head Check Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting OS OS Related topics Cartridges
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly EPSON Scan these with Scanning Software Not Correctly EPSON Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Related Scanning with OS If EPSON Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both EPSON Scan selected
Scanned Quality power-saving such as or If and EPSON Scan. the and the using EPSON Scan Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of EPSON Scan If both and If operating EPSON Scan, With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear
Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists of try these facing the If the EPSON Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Professional Related topics the Product If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when
Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or try these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these EPSON Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these EPSON Scan and Brightness the brightness and of
of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these EPSON Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these EPSON Scan and the and with combinations of the the Tone Correction the topic: Scanned Quality
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped Memory Card Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If the while EPSON Scan, these and it as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card topic:
Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card If memory properly force it You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related references Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory these memory memory with the the memory the If too memory the or prompted to of the of or of the memory specifications the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related Memory Card If to or from memory these memory memory with the securely to
to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software If to the memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the that the correctly. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related topics Memory Card If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. the of the following to EPSON then follow on-screen instructions: or Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change
Uninstalling Product Software OS XP Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to EPSON Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the sheet to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software
Where to If to technical services, the following options. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these operating Microsoft XP Professional Edition XP SP3 www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and
Specifications Scanning Specifications topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Specifications and (lower), front Capacity inch Approximately Approximately of EPSON topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective inch US or A4
Specifications Scanning to and internal Light LED topic: Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets A4 inches and Thickness inch to inch to to A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Printable Specifications inches to topic: Technical Specifications the sheets Top: inch inch Right: inch inch
inch inch inch Right: inch
Cartridge Specifications inch inch outer the clear of to the with topic: Technical Specifications that EPSON and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge months Unopened the the
Memory Card Specifications to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge Cards with month thaws and hours
Specifications Compatible Memory DCF or DCF topic: Technical Specifications Related Memory Card Specifications Height inches Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD inches
Specifications Specifications inches inches (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to Rated Rated copying: (ISO/IEC24712) topic: Technical Specifications to to to RH (non-condensing) to RH inches inches Ready off to to month
Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB Class computers) the of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications with AC that USB recommended. CD-ROM/CD-R 700MB DVD-ROM/DVD-R 4.7GB capacity 1.3GB 2TB and USB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications IEEE Security WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); WPA2 USB PictBridge CD-RW DVD-RW, DVD+R, and DVD+RW WEP
and Specifications Communication Wireless LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications Safety: UL60950-1 United States Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6117-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Software Notice This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes topic: Notices This includes software Section to the of each software the of the GPL LGPL and (each Section years the of of this If to the please the of You with the terms of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written The of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL
GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the terms of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC This includes the software "ncftp-3.2.4 which the and of the copyright to the "ncftp ARC4
This includes the software "ARC4" which the and of the copyright to the "ARC4". This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software "MD5" which the terms and of the copyright to the MD5 This includes the software "AES" which the and of the copyright to the "AES". SHA1 This includes the software "SHA1" which the terms and of the copyright to the "SHA1". topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON TM EPSON TM and Remote TM and EPSON of Corporation. EPSON SM service of America, Inc. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. of Apple Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices
Copyright Notice Software Acknowledgment rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted EPSON Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics.
Concerning of Copyrighted EPSON Products Copyright Attribution THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when using EPSON While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-37283R1 topic: Copyright Notice