WF-7610/WF-7620
Product the these sections to learn about the features of the Product Locations and Other and More these sections to the and Lights and the the LCD Screen Sounds the Brightness Turning topic: Product
and Lights The and light The The The The Stop The LCD The back The and lights The The C The B&W The
topic: the the LCD the Select the or to or the information or instructions, such as or the (ADF). One or of the or the nearly Press the to the Information and then the of the One or of the or the Press the to the Information and then the of the Unread or the If the to or this that the or Indicates the memory memory already or printed. If the to or turn the or the to the Indicates that or Ethernet processed. Indicates that there Ethernet
topic: and Lights Press the the to the and Function Information the of and that occurred with the the from the to the the and to processed. History history. If shown the history. Select to received the history. topic: and Lights Indicates that Ethernet established. Indicates that there Indicates that occurred or the searching Indicates that established. The of the strength. Indicates that established. Indicates that Direct established. Indicates that AP established.
and the You to the following and them from Administration information the Press the necessary. Select You this: and Select Select You this:
Characters the LCD the displayed to then to confirm. Select OK Select and On the locked, the to of the locked If Characters the LCD topic: the Related Characters the LCD Follow these to characters and other
To the or To the of To the character, To or To topic: and the You and as This easily them whenever necessary. If or Press the necessary. Select the necessary. You this: Select New the function to You the that function,
the LCD Select the to then You this: the to the then Select the to or the selecting and selecting from the You topic: the Related Characters the LCD You the the LCD
Sounds This If or this Press the necessary. Select You this: and Administration the necessary. Select Common and topic: the You the sound heard when buttons the This If or this Press the necessary. Select You this:
the Brightness and Administration the necessary. Common Select Sound Select Press the and OK topic: the You the of the LCD Press the necessary. Select You this:
Turning and Administration Select Common Select LCD Brightness the selecting brightness or the and right arrows. Select OK to topic: the the LCD to to the of inactivity. This off from the This If or this Press the necessary. You this: and Administration the necessary. Common and Select topic: the
Product Locations Product Top and these sections to the Product Top and Product Path Product Product topic: Product ADF cover ADF (ADF) Edge ADF input ADF
(WF-7620) cover Memory Memory light USB topic: Product Locations
Product Path Edge Rear Edge cover topic: Product Locations
Product Cartridge cover Cartridge head topic: Product Locations
Product and Other Rear cover Rear cover AC LINE EXT LAN USB topic: Product Locations and off the LCD of You the shorter and other options to and the the
the the the topic: Product You the to the The the the Common Also, copying selected The If or this Press the necessary. Select and the necessary. You this: Select On Select as necessary. Select OK to topic: and Other You the and off the LCD
the This If or this The this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. Select Common Select You this: of the following: Press the or to reduce or increase the of Press the of the LCD the of from the on-screen then Select OK topic: and Other You the off specified of This If or this
and More Press the necessary. Select You this: and Administration the necessary. Select Common Select Select and hours). topic: and Other You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to and from anywhere: Print, Remote Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product
the With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or and to as this the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and Related topics or Wired this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or network as this the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics or Wired
Scan to With Remote software or to anywhere the as this the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Remote Select the command and choose the topic: and More Related topics or Wired The Scan to service to that with as this the below. instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the screen to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and More Related topics or Wired
allows to wirelessly to from iPhone, and the of wireless as this the below. Apple to the wireless that from iPhone, or to topic: Product Related topics or Wired With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or as this the below. and connected to the the If already follow these to the that IP the the IP the of
Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: Product Related topics or Wired
or Wired these sections to or wired Direct Protected (WPS) Network or Network You to with wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired Wireless router or
Selecting Wireless Network From the with wireless interface Ethernet wired to the wireless router or Selecting Network From the topic: or Wired Networking You or wireless using To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD or downloading The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Press the necessary. Press Select You this
Select If to the wireless to Ethernet and instead. Then follow the instructions to wired this Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, Other Networks then the Network (SSID) field. the displayed to Select the field, and wireless the displayed Press when finished then Proceed Confirm the displayed and OK to them. If to the back If to network of the buttons. Press the to to the If the the the of the LCD as shown. topic: Related and Lights
Direct Related Characters the LCD You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless selects of these to with or Access If to wireless and the acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD If already connected to wireless and from other This other features to the operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other to the previously
Direct Direct topic: or Wired You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the necessary. Press Select You this and Direct Select Select then If already connected or to Direct, they when the Direct using the displayed least and than characters Press when finished
Protected (WPS) You this to the SSID and or wireless to the (SSID) the LCD then the shown. Press the to to the You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct displayed the LCD Direct these to try topic: Direct Related and Lights Related Characters the LCD If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the
WPS to to Network WPS to to Network topic: or Wired If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the button, necessary. Press Select You this Select (WPS) Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS Press the to to the screen when finished. If the the the of the LCD as shown.
Network topic: Protected (WPS) You to the of Press the necessary. You this Select Network Select You this:
or Network Accessing the Select then of the buttons to the the shown the sheet to topic: or Wired these sections to or to Accessing the USB to to Wired Network Connecting to New Router topic: or Wired You and its operating You this built-in from or other that connected to the as information the the the IP that the On or other to the as
USB to to Wired Network IP the You the topic: or Network Related Network If already connected to USB to or to wirelessly. of the following: If to the USB from With software. If to to USB the USB connected to Download software from the or from the CD that with the instructions the topic: or Network If already connected to wirelessly, to wired necessary. features. of Ethernet to the LAN the other to LAN router or Download and software from the or from the CD that with Follow the instructions to the software. the Select Wired If Select Option the first following the of the on-screen instructions. topic: or Network
Connecting to New Router Related If the wireless router to the router. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download software from the or from the CD that with using the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstalling Product Software You to type or to with features, of SSID and and network selected the services Press the necessary. Press Select You this
and Select to topic: or Network
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading the Loading the Loading and the Rear Loading Capacity Selecting the Each Source Selecting You of and the and necessary.
the and the cover. the outward. If using or the and the
the to
of the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the
the the too tightly. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the
the and the The slightly as the This prompted the LCD the and type of the and OK
the and the If or the or the follow these only the recommended of sheets. first, which the facedown. or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the Loading and the Rear
Loading the You of and You these inches inches inches If only the and output necessary. the and the cover.
the outward. the to the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the
the the too tightly. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the the cover and the
The slightly as the This prompted the LCD the and type of the and OK the and the If using or the or the follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which the facedown. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading and the Rear
Loading the You this inches If only. the and necessary. the and the cover.
the outward. and right as shown.
the the too tightly. the the and sticking from the of the To feeding too the
the cover and gently the The slightly as the This prompted the LCD Envelope the and Envelope the and OK the output and the
Loading and the follow these If of each or If when that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the You or of or the feed the the and the If or the
the and back. of the following: of with the and the the too tightly. first, with the facing and the to the right.
the or the the automatically. follow these only or first, which the or top first. the instructions. You of with of the topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity
Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the Loading the You of or of to these the inches inches inches inches inches A3 inches A4 inches A5 inches A6 inches B5 inches You of these the type Loading inches sheets inches 250sheets inches A4 inches sheets A3 inches 250sheets B5 inches 250sheets
type Loading Iron-on Cool Quality Bright White sheets sheets sheets Brochure topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON country. count Bright White inches S041586
Sheet count Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided inches S041341 inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041467 inches S041257 S041067 A3 inches S041343 inches S041339 S042180 inches S041468 A3 inches S041260 inches S041263 inches S041062 inches S041070 inches S041069-L
count inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041156 inches S041143 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041466 inches S041290 A3 inches S041288 inches S041289 S042038 S041271
Sheet count inches S042181 S042174 inches S041982 inches S041331 Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You Brochure Double-sided Double-sided inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041327
Selecting the Source inches inches inches inches A4 inches A3 inches inches inches topic: Loading You the and type each the the Press the necessary. Select You this Select Select the to (WF-7620). You this:
Select the loaded. Select the type loaded. OK Select another to or the to to the topic: Loading this Select this or or Paper/Bright White software only) Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Colored Preprinted Preprinted
Selecting this Select this or Envelope or software only) or software only) or software only) or software only) or software only) Brochure Double-sided to Card only; software only) If topic: Selecting the Each Source You as that apply to to the These If these Selecting the Source Selecting topic: Loading
Selecting the Source You using the the These If these Press the necessary. Select You this and Administration the necessary. Select Select Source You this:
Source Selecting Universal the options to finished, the to to the Source topic: Selecting Select the options to Source option On If or selected and the Switching selected loaded, the to A4, or A4 Select Copy Select On to feed from the containing that matches Other Notice Notice Select On to when the and type each and the Notice each match. topic: Selecting the Source You the the the These If these Press the necessary. Select You this
Universal and Administration the necessary. Select You this the as necessary. finished, the to to the Universal topic: Selecting the to
option Top the top or Top the top or of the back when On Select On to the This the of the when the reduce the Select the when double-sided. On Select On to automatically. topic: Selecting Universal
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its as writing to the the You originals to this the A3 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product
the Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF).You the ADF to both of the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. The ADF the lights the ADF the too tightly. If copying originals the originals as shown:
topic: the Product Related (ADF) Specifications (ADF) Specifications Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or using exactly the as Copying or Copying Copying You or and of including or the or the ADF. the to Press the necessary. Select Copy You this: To than the or and the to the of of the as necessary.
Copying to and necessary. Then the back Select to the LCD Select to If or this ready to of the buttons. To the Stop or topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Copying Copying Related Related topics Loading the Product Select the that matches the loaded. inches inches inches inches A4
Copying A3 inches inches topic: Copying Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option With around the or Expands the to the of the selecting of these options, and the necessary. ID Card both of ID of sheet of facing of of selecting this and the Select the of Custom Automatically the the Automatically the to the and Automatically from to another other Source Select the that to If the selected the
Copying option 2-Sided the and ADF to 1>2-Sided or 2>1-Sided Advanced and 2>2-Sided the originals or the of originals Quality Text the type of originals and affects the of Text Text Varying the or of the amount of Select On to the that appear the of when copying or that appear around On when copying thick Punch Select On to the On Copy Select On to of both and On or appear the front of the when the topic: Copying
From with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Preset Selecting or Selecting topic: From Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of the Source where the to Select the of the as the You the to to the and the
If photo, You to options You type and to without the Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or sheets of of the the and the options To and their the To To as that and with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White On the Source Quality topic: with
Source Quality Related Related Selecting Printing or You of the options the Source to the that WF-7610 Selects the the as the Rear Selects the the as the WF-7620 Select Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the Rear Selects the the as the topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. and
Selecting Double-sided text and graphics with and High and graphics with high quality. More that choose of and topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting the 2-Sided the options or other chosen or the the checkbox. If the selected, of the following: Select the to
the to manually and the to the other (recommended that Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the You this Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the topic: with Related Selecting You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the Margin Select options that to allow Selects whether the front or back the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of
Selecting Additional and the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided You of and options or the More
Custom Correction To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the Select the to option to reduce or or the the Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to To the following features, the that appears when copied. to information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with Related or You of the options the Correction to the
Brightness and and tones. the selected the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. Turns off software software. topic: Selecting Additional and
and Additional You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Additional Prints the rotated from its High reduce the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the These with
Selecting Preset You to the following information, which from the topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More You the the
of the to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with
Selecting You that apply to the to Access the and right-click the the Select Click the You the options: Click the You this
Select of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the EPSON and and other the of the the incorrect, reduce Thick and from smearing when or other thick Short from smearing when or other thick and the Thick each containing the title, and
or white white that appear when RAW Increases and other Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM Matching Allows to ICM the Source Prints using the the rather than the topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Selecting Click OK or to topic: with the apply only while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the Click the
You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software You this
with OS of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS
Selecting OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them Select the and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these Select the Source to from.
Source OS Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related Related Selecting OS or OS You of the options the Source to the that WF-7610 Selects the the as the Rear Selects the the as the WF-7620 Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the
Quality OS OS Rear Selects the the as the topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. Normal text and Normal text and with and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with increased and Quality the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, the checkbox or with option. You to the Quality to Normal You type and to without the the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the
Selecting Double-sided OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided options.
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the screen Double-sided and OS topic: with OS You of the options the Two-sided or to
OS Two-sided Long-Edge to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the
Matching and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the and OS topic: with OS You from these the and EPSON using software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or red-eye sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. off software only software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or You this:
Preferences OS Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or Switching only Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or temporary Allows to when expended.
or OS Switching Automatically switches to the other when of the of High reduce white white that appear when Warning Notifications choose whether or to from the software when bidirectional Allows the to with the the when using topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS
Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the To the To the then the topic: or OS
Product If to the Stop topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Scan the Product You or and them as Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS or scanning, of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You to memory or to using the software and connected the to or the scanning. To the ADF and the Press the necessary. Select Scan You this: The and Network
Scan Select of the following Scan to Memory memory or USB and the and other to that with to or as OS (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the of the following: If to the then the and necessary. If to memory to options. Scan topic: Starting Scan Related Scan to Related topics the Product You or the when to the buttons. You this using the of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select (OS X) and necessary. Click
Starting Scan the Scan the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Starting Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or You Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics the Product
Starting Scan from Scanning Selecting Scan You Scan from to and the the With OS or to scanning with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You Scan this:
Scan when first topic: Starting Scan Related topics the Product
Selecting Scan Scan Selecting the Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan topic: Selecting Scan
Scanning Office Office Scan PDF operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF-Double-sided If the ADF, from the Select the and that match To both of Stitch To the Stitch as the Source To allow Scan to and Correct To Select the that matches Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose as the Source Click the and of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office
Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan Scanning Professional You these Source options Scan Office Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. Automatically where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the To of the icons. Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You these options Scan Office Not other chosen.
Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the that that text or Edge Corrects around the of the the with the select.
Scanning Professional Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan PDF operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF Double-sided If the ADF, from the Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If using the ADF, the ADF. If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan
Source Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Related Scan Related Selecting Scan Scanning Office You these Source options Scan Professional Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only).
You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Professional To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the To the of the icons. If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the
Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. the red, or the Edge Corrects around the of the the with the select. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the
Selecting Scan Professional the of the Color the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the
Scan or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected as thumbnails with the and selected. Normal displays their the and other manually. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's to increase the You the its it image-editing Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan
of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed Click the Other the or Choose and If to the and the options Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK If selected PDF or as the this Scan Choose of the following options the If only If to the Scan and the finished,
Scanned and Optional If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that However, the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS using or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the
Scanning with OS this to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If using the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with using such as With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scan OS If scanning the ADF, the scanned, the loaded. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You these editing OS X. Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. and reduce topic: Scanning with OS
Connecting Telephone or these sections to This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or Features and the LCD Checking You to to or If to the telephone to telephone or to using If to to
phone to telephone and to the LINE If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or DSL or ISDN the DSL
Telephone DSL DSL ISDN
ISDN or ISDN router ISDN numbers)
ISDN or ISDN router If telephone or to phone the from the EXT
phone to telephone or and to the EXT If and to the of to that higher than the of or connected to the EXT to incoming when the with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: Related Automatically with header and the to If of to the and
the Product Selecting Country or the Product the the OS topic: these sections to features the Selecting Country or Selecting the and the Selecting the the of to Selecting Selecting Advanced Security Reports topic: Related the the OS faxing, the country or which If the country or to their and them This locked If or this Press the button, necessary.
Selecting the and Select and Administration the necessary. Select Common You this and Country/Region or necessary, then country or You If the correct, (If and retry.) the country or the to their topic: the Product faxing, the and phase and choose and This If or this Press the necessary. Select and Administration. the necessary.
Select Common Select You this: Select Select the to the to the and Select the to the to the and Select Select Daylight Select the that to winter or Daylight (DST) or and Daylight (DST) If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock hour. from to its clock back hour. If necessary, and the the to the UTC (Coordinated Universal and topic: the Product
the You the basic the This when the turned the first You these individually from the These If or these Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and You this and Select You this:
the displayed to the such as or business You to characters. Select when the or the the to to characters. Press when On the Distinctive of the following: If to service from telephone Proceed Then, the to incoming to If distinctive service, then to the Distinctive service allows to phone phone Each assigned You and another Select the assigned to the DRD If On or of the other than to On the connected telephone or to the and then to the then to to telephone connected to the to otherwise
Selecting the On the to or to manually. If connected and selected to automatically, the to correct. If to manually, to every and the or to On the Confirm the and Proceed (Press the back to or the On the Confirmation to the and of the If there reported, try the the and the If the Select displayed, the type. If the Select Tone Detection displayed, the tone function the first of and the to the topic: the Product Related Characters the LCD If the to PBX Branch or the type. PBX office where such as to The PSTN Switched Telephone which to the home. This If or this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and
Select Select You this If connected the to PBX PBX You this Select Access the on-screen to the and Select OK topic: the Product
the of to If and to automatically, the to correct. The of should higher than the of to This If or this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and Select Select to You this Select the of and OK to higher than the of to The than the the tones and If the and hear that the the then topic: the Product
Selecting You the to forwarding, or incoming These If or these Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and Select You this Select You this
Select You this Select of the forwarding, and If to to the FAX to this If selected to Memory or Other the following, the options to Where to and to from the displayed Select and or to forwarding Select to and follow the instructions the to memory
Select as necessary. If to the memory. or to the memory from other options they temporarily the memory. topic: the Product Related the options to incoming Other memory and forwarding to incoming the memory. You the the LCD and to To this option, the FAX Utility. Once to and to and automatically. to Memory incoming to connected memory or USB and to and automatically. Forwards incoming to as as Select and to and automatically. Reduction On to the the selected Prints their sheets.
Selecting Advanced Rotation On The On rotates incoming that they correctly the selected the of the On The On incoming first that the the the memory, this option to of or the received On the memory. there to enough free memory using this function. Selects whether to incoming selected to include Prints reports with of the first Direct the On(Every Prints the or received. On(Time) Prints the the displayed the LCD Format Selects the topic: the Product You the to receiving, and These If or these
Press the necessary. and Administration the necessary. and You this Select the of to topic: the Product Related Security the basic options to and outgoing Fast(33,600bps) the which and Medium(14,400bps) Slow(9,600bps)
ECM On Turns Correction (ECM) to or off Correction or received. Detection On Automatically the when the Turns off tone which the to PBX Branch or TA The the first of and the to the PSTN Selects Switched Telephone Network). PBX Selects Branch the type of phone office where such as to the header information outgoing topic: the Product the options to outgoing Batch Sorts outgoing the memory and them as batch. On that to the memory. You the from the On
Rotation On Select On to the when A4 or first the ADF. The A4 or If this option the A3 If the A3 the reduced This to and the Direct function. topic: the Product the options to incoming whether incoming should printed; telephone connected to the Automatically and Distinctive If Distinctive Service telephone assign or to the and assign to each. If this service, the of the of phone that this service. to to the of If to and connected to the this higher than the of to
Security instead of operating the the On to this function, to If whose connected to the the the the topic: the Product the security options to Direct Restrictions On Allows to numbers the or history to to Confirm Selects whether to On Inbox incoming Clear Automatically or received memory On Clear or memory; this function or of topic: the Product
Reports You from reports to whenever necessary. You the selecting Administration Press the necessary. Select You this: Select and the to topic: the Product Related the or to of the or the previous that or through of the currently the memory.
the Trace the or received topic: the Product You header and the FAX of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this Select (Select prompted.) You this
the OS Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: Related topics the Product You header and using the FAX OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and
and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: Related topics the Product You of and their them faxing. You to to the Product Speed/Group the
the Product Creating Speed/Group the OS topic: You and the If or Creating Editing or Creating Editing or topic: and Related Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS You of to numbers. You to and combined. Press the necessary. You this:
Select the necessary. You this: Select You this:
Editing or You of and necessary. Select Entry Select the to the You this: Select Not the displayed to the to characters), and Select Not Word the displayed to to when searching to characters), and This field optional. Select Not and the the LCD or the buttons the to the You to characters. If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the pound instead of the the necessary. Select topic: the Product You or of the Press the button, necessary.
Select You this: Select the necessary. Select the to or You this: of the following: To the and the To the the item to the information, and finished editing, topic: the Product
Creating You of that easily to You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select You this: Select the necessary. Select You this: You of and necessary.
Editing or Select Select the to the You this: Select Not the displayed to the to characters), and Select Not Word the to to when searching to characters), and This field optional. Select Proceed You Select the to each to include group. appears to each selected Select topic: the Product You existing to or You the group. Press the button, necessary. Select You this:
Select the necessary. You this, showing both and Select the to You this:
Speed/Group the If to the group, To the group, Select Proceed You of the group. To or the to Select topic: the Product You and using the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this
Select (Select prompted.) You this
Dial/Group You this
Speed/Group the OS Select and the To entry, and the To entry, and the of the following: To and and OK To numbers, and OK the as necessary to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Double-click FAX necessary. You this
Select FAX the Select Dial/Group You this
from the Product To entry, To and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To numbers, and OK the as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product these sections to from the Product the the OS topic: these sections to using the from the from Connected Telephone
from the topic: You from the or selecting the from the or history. If restricted, the from the or history. You and white to the To the ADF and the ADF 2-Sided Press the necessary. Select You this: of the following: the the buttons the Select the the LCD and the the to the You to characters. Select or from the and Proceed
Select History from the the and to this If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the pound instead of the If to and If and-white. If to the Select to If or this Press of the buttons. To faxing, and to necessary. the and the topic: from the Product Related Related Selecting the Related topics the Product and
While these You these options as the and outgoing Automatically the of outgoing from ADF 2-Sided from the ADF. The Direct option and when this On turned the the A5 A4 A3 Direct to as as the without the On to memory. You this when or to Priority the other to On
from Connected Telephone Continuous ADF Scan the to to another the ADF finished On scanning. when to Not topic: from the Product If connected to the EXT the from the connected telephone. If the phone and the to the the the faxing. Press the necessary. the from the connected telephone. to the necessary. Select the LCD with the the telephone Select the LCD hear of the buttons to the the telephone. If and-white. topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product
You of choice. You black-and-white when this option. the faxing. To the ADF and the ADF 2-Sided Press the necessary. Select You this: or from the or History. If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the instead of the Select Select Select On the the to and OK Press of the buttons. To faxing, the
the and the the specified If the turned off the specified the when back topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product and You to black-and-white and automatically when another Customers or other the and the function their the faxing. Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Select and On If to and
Press the B&W and overwrite or You only overwrite the existing To the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You black-and-white to and whenever necessary. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Select and On If to and Press the B&W
and To the the You this: Select Communication Select the to Select and of the following: the using the the the the LCD and the the to the You to characters. Select or from the and Proceed Select History from the the and to this If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the instead of the
the If to and If and-white. Press of the buttons. To faxing, the You only overwrite the existing topic: from the Product Related references Related topics the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command. You this:
Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or button, Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click Print. If the first this
the OS information that the of the Then OK to the information. You this: the and or from the then Next instructions the FAX Utility, Select cover and and then Next. Click to topic: You from OS using the FAX Utility. You to including cover the to
Select the command You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to Select from the You this
of the following to choose Select or from the and and the Click the and from Select from the You this
Reception Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually topic: and when the to If connected telephone to the and to manually. This allows to tone the and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic:
Automatically Manually To automatically, to (the the To the necessary, Administration If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or topic: Related Related Manually You to manually the to This tone the telephone the connected the If hear the LCD Select Press the of the buttons to the the telephone. topic: Related Related Automatically You to from another (such as information service). Press the necessary.
the LCD Select You this: Select Select Polling and On the Press of the to the topic: You memory and them the LCD Press the necessary. the the LCD It there or the memory. Select Select Inbox the necessary. The If the the to You the displayed the Select
Checking then or and follow the on-screen instructions. or them to the memory from the memory or topic: You the to or that or Press the You this: of the following: To the of that or to Communication and the to To the history of that or received, History or and the to To that the memory, and topic:
Memory Cards and USB With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory or other to Memory Card Connecting and USB or and From the LCD Memory Card or USB Charging USB Product only memory memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. force the the the The memory light flashes and then memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory
Memory Card Memory Card and USB Specifications Memory Card Memory Card and USB Specifications Memory Card topic: Memory Cards and USB Devices With Product You these of memory Cards with Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD topic: Memory Card You memory and USB with containing that these specifications.
Removing Memory Card JPEG with the to to 2GB JPEG: to of topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing. If connected to using USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and TIFF RGB or TIFF: to
Connecting and USB or OS the memory from the or the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card You and from USB or other such as or the turned the of the the with the memory from the USB or the USB that with the USB the front of that the OK the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: Memory Cards and USB Devices With Product
and From the LCD and JPEG Related Memory Card Specifications Related Removing Memory Card these sections to and or other displayed LCD and JPEG JPEG and TIFF topic: Memory Cards and USB Devices With Product You as them the LCD Press the necessary. Select Memory Select JPEG You this: If than JPEG the and first the to
JPEG through and to You of the photo: To the the the or the the to the of the following as necessary: To the and To the and the To and others the arrow and the selections ready to the To the or topic: and From the LCD Screen Related You of the memory or other Press the necessary. Select Memory
and TIFF Select JPEG You this: If than JPEG the and first the to Select Choose Select Select and choose the of Select Proceed You ready to the To the Stop or topic: and From the LCD Related references You and the TIFF from memory or other Press the button, necessary. Select Memory
Select TIFF You of the Select the to You information about the Select Proceed the following as necessary: To than the the or the To the and the options. Proceed ready to of the buttons. To the Stop or topic: and From the LCD Screen Related Select the to when and the LCD options On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Advanced Detection off below P.I.M. PRINT or
options the of Detection the option that matches People Landscape Night Red-Eye This Automatically the red-eye On This On sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to turn off to the effects. topic: and From the LCD the to when from memory or other Not options or the options Source Indicates the that the and type and type to With around the Expands the to the of the Quality the highest
Memory Card or USB the Memory Interfaces options the amount of Prints the the the the On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to Top Select the TIFF Top topic: and From the LCD Screen You to and from memory or other connected to the Memory Interfaces from Memory to topic: Memory Cards and USB Devices With Product from to memory to memory interface the memory these or from the memory or turn off while the memory light flashing or from the memory
from Memory to These If these Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. Select Select Memory Interface You this the Memory option to Select Select the connected to the USB or Network topic: Memory Card or USB Related Removing Memory Card You to and from memory or USB and connected to to and from memory while from or to the
Charging USB Product connected to memory or USB of the following to from the or then the OS with USB the or then OS with Select the or the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. If USB and the topic: Memory Card or USB Related Memory Card Connecting and USB or You charge player, or other to the user-supplied USB that to with with USB that than the of the information. Turn to the USB the front of the
turned charging to charge topic: Memory Cards and USB Devices With Product
Cartridges and Cartridge and Checking Cartridge the LCD The that flushed from the head cleaning. or the the of its service life, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of and and with If would to and boxes to please to information. Cartridge and Purchase Cartridges and and Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with the and its software when or expended, or when the to replaced. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge and with Checking Cartridge and with OS topic: Cartridges and of the the LCD and the light flashes. expended, the and the light You the the of the and Press the Select Information You this:
information, the the of the You this: The The the right of the the of the following: To OK If to Cartridge(s) and follow the instructions the topic: Cartridge and Related the and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge and with appears to when and or To the the the and You this or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly
To the right-click the the and Preferences You this the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge and
Checking Cartridge and with OS Related the the You the of and of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences and Select EPSON You this
the following as necessary: You the and clicking or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge and Related the
Purchase Cartridges and Cartridge and the You purchase boxes, and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge and topic: Cartridges and these when or purchase or T6711 within months of the Standard-capacity High-capacity high-capacity Black 252XL 254XL 252XL 252XL 252XL topic: Purchase Cartridges and
and Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to replaced, then Proceed and follow the instructions the If the LCD the and Cartridge the the white the the while the
the cover. of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the the and the straight to
Gently the four or as shown. Then the from the or or the the the immediately the the head and to the yellow
the the and clicks the cover and clicks Select the LCD to the or correctly. If that incorrectly, the the cover, and the clicks Then the cover. the
With Black and Cartridges With Cartridges The the This the LCD off the while or If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing upside-down. topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and expended, temporarily from the as as You with With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges and If that temporarily with and to or To this Click Stop or to If the appears another to the using the
With Cartridges OS or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges If and to temporarily with or Click the the If that temporarily with the to OS Click the to If displayed, OK If the appears another to the using the the Apple or the Preferences Scan or and Select or You this:
Conserving Black with Select On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there
the The appears only when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to using the the Click this to using the If this it the topic: Cartridges and that and than the from sunlight. the from its the the
Press the and the cover. the as shown and of its the or
Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the of the reach of children and the the the that with the Seal the and of the the and the the cover. topic: Cartridges and
Related Purchase Cartridges and
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning clean the You them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges and You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the of the (or Press the necessary.
Select Select You this Select Head You this: Press the The the to there the head
head cleaning of the following: If there If there or the Clean the Head and Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related and Cartridges Related topics Loading
Checking the You the head or of the (or of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select You this:
Click the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the the head. If cleaning the head to least Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related and Cartridges Related topics Loading
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product If and the the head. the to which cleaning. You cleaning only selected You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related and Cartridges You the head using the of the (or Press the necessary. Select Select Select Head Cleaning You this Select Proceed
Cleaning the Head You this: Select the cleaning to based the Press the the cleaning finished, the off the cleaning or Select Press the to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to least Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head Checking the the Product and Cartridges You the head or of the (or of the following: Access the and right-click the the
OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Head Cleaning You this: Select the cleaning to based the Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head
Head the Head the Product If cleaning the head to least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head the Product Checking the the Product Removing and Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality You the head the of the (or Press the necessary. Select Select Select Head You this
the Head of the following: If or If Press the to while head the printed, of to the each the and choose the the each then Proceed selected the the topic: Head You the head or sheets of the (or of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and and
OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Click Next then to while head You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next
Cleaning the If or of the choose the each and Realignment Then another and Click (where to topic: Head If the back of the to sheets of the Press the necessary. Select You this and Cleaning Select the necessary. Press the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should or thinner to the or or other the or the feed when using to Turn off the the connected the from the Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. Clean the using Clean the and the the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force.
Product If appear the or clean the the the ADF cover and cloth (microfiber recommended), to the and the of the ADF. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as
and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from Turn off the the the head the the right. the to the with as shown. the the from the the the feed and the its or with cushioning around the the protects the the If when clean and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning
Head
Checking Software Updates these sections to Checking Software Updates Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the button, or the or Apps of
Product OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic: You often with the its LCD You the to the If the the to the from LCD If the follow the instructions this to the from the indicated Turn the off and serious occurred. Turn the off and then back If the fixed, If the If there the of its You the to service life. You to nearing the The the of their service and the of its service Please displayed the replaced. Support. to the of their service life. (To of the buttons.) the of its The the of its service life. Turn off the service life. Please and Support. The connected to the connected correctly and the the phone to the "LINE" The phone connected tone detected. the the phone correctly and the phone If connected the to PBX Branch phone or off the Tone Detection
LCD Combination of IP and There with the to Communication There with the network to the DNS the the or the Recovery occurred firmware USB and downloading the from If The the and the that the of reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The LCD, or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the authorized service The user-replaceable topic: Related references the Product the the (Rear Where to Related Checking Software Selecting Advanced Connecting Telephone or Related topics Cartridges and Loading or Wired
If successfully, the Press the button, History and the Select the to the and information. The off The already The the The memory You individually or and then them to memory The the then The the phone connected correctly and the If connected the to PBX Branch phone or off the Detection The then The then The incorrectly connected to the LINE and EXT the correctly. The phone connected. the The to of the specified to which to the You to from the There enough the memory Clear the or The memory write-protected; write protection.
Product the or memory The memory the occurred while The memory other finished. occurred while the the connected to the correctly. the of There enough the the specified The found the information to the the the occurred while the occurred. the connected to the or correctly. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the LCD Screen Selecting Advanced Reports Related topics or Wired operating properly. Disconnect interface connected to
sheets of the (or Press the necessary. Select Select You this Select Head You this: Press the The
of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them This If or this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and You this
Select of these options: network Copy copying. Scan scanning. Clear and and You Select to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic: If hear from try these The first the its head. finishes turn off the or improperly and the
Software Network If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, try these turned and securely both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related OS these or or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network
Product to Wireless Router or Access Scan Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or these If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. to within of router or or such as that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its network (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security using and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. If using Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the
Network Software Product Network topic: Network Related Direct Related Selecting Network From the Network Related topics or Wired If these turned and connected to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. If necessary, software and try to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the or from the CD that with using the instructions the If router, software to to the router. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related topics or Wired
Product Not Appear OS Network If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. If the wirelessly and the appear LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both using the wireless If slow, and the strength. If to router or or such as If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router.
Scan Network wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or to or router, switch, or connecting with Ethernet to from another the If the and the appear the LCD, software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network Related topics or Wired If Scan these If from restarted the software. the firewall or security software. If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the
Copying Product Nothing (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related Starting Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly.
Product It While topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: these sections with the Product the the (Rear the Ejection topic: If feeding try these If it from the or then the the the the the to the feed If feed once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of the If when both of the sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the
the Product with the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity the Product the the (Rear Related topics Loading If the follow the to clear the the necessary. from the feed the
the white the the while the cover including torn
the the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the (Rear the If follow the to clear the the necessary. the the cover, then
the Gently the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product
the (Rear the (Rear the If the cover), follow the to clear the the necessary. Press the and the cover. the
the from the
the
the the rear cover. Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the Product the
the If with the (ADF), follow the to clear the the necessary. originals from the ADF. the ADF cover and the ADF cover. the ADF cover removing the
the ADF cover, then the cover. the shown.
the cover. the to the cover closed.
Ejection the the ADF its originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the Product the (Rear If with properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic:
from Nothing Prints Related the Product the the Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and
Product Not Appear Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that try this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Click the Preferences Click the the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from
Cartridge If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges and If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the and Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then try the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. the increased
and Inverted Click the and the following High RAW as topic: from Related OS Related Selecting OS Selecting Selecting these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion
Too Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting OS Selecting Additional and that the or software topic: and Related Selecting OS Selecting If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting OS
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Selecting Selecting If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting OS Selecting Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the checkbox or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the Access the or Preferences (OS X) and White topic: and
Incorrect Characters Related Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If to USB directly to instead. topic: and
Incorrect or Printout Quality If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If try these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with White or Printout
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Head Head Cleaning Related Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading Cartridges and
Blurry or Smeared Printout If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or the to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. If thick or the selecting Short each from the as it printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Drying to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Specifications
Printout or Printout Related Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Related Cleaning the Selecting OS Selecting
Printout Related topics Loading Cartridges and If try these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software If the image-editing to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting OS Selecting Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Additional and
Incorrect Colors Scanning Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or Grayscale selected software. to of the head Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Related Selecting OS Selecting Selecting Additional and OS Related topics Cartridges and these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan
Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related to Uninstall Product Software Related OS Related Scanning with OS If Scan, try these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the Scan
Scanned Quality to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Starting Scan the Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not
Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists only of these facing the If using the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Related topics the Product If of appears clean the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product
Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too If appears or these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these Scan and try Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan
of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped or If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Professional Selecting Scan Office If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or try these the turned and correctly to automatically. that the to LINE
using or software to the that the telephone phone to and testing If there tone and connected the to PBX Branch phone or off tone If there tone and connected the to PBX Branch phone or the to PBX If off the off the tone (Turning off the tone the to the first of If connected to DSL phone DSL to the to the DSL the If telephone off correction and lowering the correction (ECM) turned trying to or If connected to that to that when If phone includes services, or service. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the Selecting the Selecting Advanced Reports Automatically Related topics Loading
with Telephone Connected to Product Memory Card Memory Card Not If when telephone connected to these telephone connected to EXT the to that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the these memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card or To or From Memory Card or Access Memory Card From topic: If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card
or from Memory Card or To or From Memory Card or If or from memory or USB try these memory or with the the memory or the If too memory or the or prompted to of the of or of the specifications the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related Memory Card If to or from memory or USB these memory or with the securely connected to If to memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the that the correctly. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card and USB Specifications Related topics Memory Card or USB
Access Memory Card From Networked to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software If memory from connected to the Memory Card to the Trash. the Trash and the topic: Memory Card If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the Disconnect interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall
Uninstalling Product Software OS or the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan, or and the to
Where to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to information to products OS Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3
OS Specifications (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications Rear feed top Rear inch thickness Capacity topic: Technical Specifications WF-7610 front WF-7620 and front WF-7610 inches thickness WF-7620 and inches thickness
Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective restricted A3 inches or inches Scanning to and internal Light LED topic: Technical Specifications input Facedown US A3, A4, A5, B4, or B5 type to Sheet feeding capacity thickness: inch topic: Technical Specifications to sheets
Specifications Specifications black-and-white and (ITU-T Supported telephone to to memory to (based ITU-T chart (with specifications or country Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and or other If switch to higher of PBX Branch telephone Photo: RJ-11 Telephone
Single-sheets A3 inches and distributed Thickness to inch to inches to A4 inches A5 inches A6 inches B5 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Specifications topic: Technical Specifications the expanded inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications inch inch recommended inch inch Right: inch inches recommended topic: Technical Specifications that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the
Memory Card Specifications months Cartridge to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge and Cards with Unopened the the month thaws and hours
Specifications Memory Compatible DCF or DCF topic: Technical Specifications Related Memory Card and USB Specifications Height WF-7610 Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD inches inches WF-7620 inches
Specifications Specifications inches inches WF-7610 (without or cord) WF-7620 topic: Technical Specifications to to Rated Rated copying: (ISO/IEC24712) topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) inches inches with the Ready off to F to C) month F C)
Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications to RH Humidity (without to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB Class computers) USB MO GB the operation of externally connected that USB recommended. only with AC topic: Technical Specifications IEEE with IEEE or IEEE purchase location Security WEP USB TB USB TB capacity, FAT, FAT32, or WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2
and Specifications Communication Ethernet Communication Ethernet 100BASE-TX/10BASE-T The connected should Security SSL/TLS: HTTPS or IPPS topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6117-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the Direct Direct AP the to Ethernet EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to information to products Product Instructions FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the only the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the near where the easily the the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or to and top of and allow to or to the straight each If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the outlet the off the using the and the light flashing the or off to the If the the from the the that its It properly or
Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the heat or sunlight. enough around the or cover the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the to or other with the of the the both connected the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the scanning, or other to when closing the cover or as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. the the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the
Cartridge Instructions or the its or otherwise Cartridge Instructions LCD Instructions Wireless Instructions Telephone Instructions topic: Notices of the reach of and the when there around the If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the of the This the to become the the of the when from the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the supply from and and the as the that there the covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the its This the head. cool, from allow to least three hours using with their facing upward.
LCD Instructions Wireless Instructions Telephone Instructions topic: Product Instructions only cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD screen If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Product Instructions To affecting the operation of the following and causing the Near facility. Within inches of Near such as or fire topic: Product Instructions telephone should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and including the following: the near telephone There of shock from to the of the To reduce the of fire, only AWG or cord. topic: Product Instructions
FCC United States This with of the FCC and the the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If requested, this to the telephone Applicable Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone with the FCC and the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the telephone the that temporary of service required. isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary. The telephone its operations or procedures that the operation of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the customer. If this to telephone please Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the telephone the telephone that the the
This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired connected to the the of this If about what telephone or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or charges.) to this information follow the instructions Information". According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded
Software Notice interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) (IES) interface tous CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices This includes software Section to the of each software the of the GPL LGPL and ncftp (each Section years the of of this If to the please the of You comply with the of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which the This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written
The terms of each software the The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the SSLeay
This includes the software which the of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC ncftp This includes the software "ncftp-3.2.4 which the and of the copyright to the "ncftp ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the and of the copyright to the "ARC4". This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the MD5 This includes the software "MD5" which the and of the copyright to the MD5 AES This includes the software "AES" which the and of the copyright to the "AES". SHA1 This includes the software "SHA1" which the and of the copyright to the "SHA1". topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON and TM of Corporation. SM service of America, Inc.
Copyright Notice TM and Remote TM of Corporation. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other of Apple Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when using While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice Inc.
CPD-39381 topic: Copyright Notice