XP-960
Product the these sections to learn about the features of the Product Locations The and and More the Service these sections to learn about the and and Lights the LCD LCD Turning Sounds Turning Selection Turning the Turning On topic: Product
and Lights The and the light The The LCD screen The and arrow and the LCD with The The The topic: the
the LCD the the to the the to other features or To of the and of their topic: the You the of the to to access. or to the as shown.
LCD Turning Sounds Turning Selection The and the when topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Select and Select Select Press the to topic: the You off the sound heard when the Press the necessary. Select Select Select Sound Select Press Select the Press the to topic: the Selection the options the LCD screen the action instance, memory displays memory card-related options the You off this from the Press the necessary.
Turning the Select Functions Select Selection Turn off the options displayed the Press the to topic: the The that the You off this from the Press the button, necessary. Select and Functions You this Select Select Press the to topic: the
Turning On Product Locations You reduce the the turning the option. Turning this reduce Press the necessary. Select Select Select Select the On Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product Top Product Product Product topic: Product
Product Top Rear feed and Rear Edge CD/DVD (shown and cover
cover Memory light Memory USB topic: Product Locations
Product cover (attached to topic: Product Locations
Product Product head/ink topic: Product Locations AC Rear LAN USB
The and the From the topic: Product Locations The or off of You the increasing the reduces the efficiency. the From the the From the the and the and OS topic: Product You the to the the off automatically. Press the necessary. Select Select You this Press the or arrow to
the From the You this Press the or arrow to the of which the to off when Press the to topic: The and You the to the the Press the necessary. Select Select
You this Press the or arrow to You this Press the or arrow to the the to Press the to topic: The and
the and You the software to the the or off automatically. turned Access the and right-click the the Select Click the Click the and Option Information You this Select the of which the to turn off when as the
the and OS Click Select the the to as the Click Click OK to the topic: The and You the software to the the or off automatically. turned the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select You this
and More Select the of which the to off when as the the the to as the Click Apply the topic: The and You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to from anywhere: Print, Remote Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or to and to the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More Related topics or Wired
the Remote Scan to this Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and it as or to service such as Dropbox, or the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics or Wired With Remote software, to anywhere the the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Select the and choose the Remote topic: and More Related topics or Wired The Scan to service to that with
scanning. the below. instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and More Related topics or Wired wireless from iPhone, and with the of and with the of OS X. If AirPrint. the below to the necessary. wireless the below. Apple to the wireless network that from to the the Apple topic: Product
Related topics or Wired With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or the below. and connected to the the to the that IP the the IP the of browser. Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: Product
Chromebook Related Network Accessing the Related topics or Wired With Account, from Chromebook without or the below. connected to wireless the Turn and to the wireless as connecting to of the following: Click to the that appears the of Chromebook If to appears the the lower-right of the Click this to the then to and chrome://devices the to If instead, Click Click the that appears to Click the LCD displays Select OK or the OK to the and
the Service to Account and from iPhone, or with access. information using Print, topic: Related topics or Wired You the Service to from phone or or to or from other You the Service from the Service, topic: Product
or Wired these sections to or wired Direct Protected (WPS) Wired Network Network or Network You to with wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired
Selecting Network From the Wireless router or with wireless interface Ethernet wired to the wireless router or Selecting Wireless Network From the topic: or Wired You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD. The through or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Press the necessary. Select Select Network Select
You this Select If to the wireless to Ethernet and instead. Then follow the instructions to wired this the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, and then Other the to as the
wireless (or and then using the The and to correctly and lowercase and or characters. Press the repeatedly to through characters. Press or to the Press to Press to the previous character. Press when Confirm the displayed network and Proceed to them. If to the If to the
Direct If the with the Network the right-hand of the LCD topic: Related to Wired Network You to directly with or another without wireless router or
Direct with wireless interface Other wireless You of these to with or Access The acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD The one-to-one with another Direct operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other To from the Utility, Services Direct Direct topic: or Wired You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the necessary. Select Network Select Select Direct
You this Select Select and OK If already connected or to Direct, they disconnected when the
Direct least and than characters Press the buttons repeatedly to through characters. Press or to the Press Symb. to Press to the character. Press when You this
Protected (WPS) WPS to to Network to the SSID and or wireless to the (SSID) the LCD then the shown. Press the to You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct displayed the LCD Direct these to topic: Direct If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic: or Wired If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the necessary. Select Select Network Select
You this (WPS) Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS Select OK necessary. If the the Network the right of the LCD as shown: topic: Protected (WPS)
Wired Network You to with wired connecting to the router or using Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet Computers with wired interfaces Router topic: or Wired
Network or Network Accessing the You to the of Press the necessary. Select Network Select Select and Press the to the (Select to the operation.) the shown the sheet to topic: or Wired these sections to or to Accessing the USB to to Wired Network Connecting to New Router topic: or Wired Related Network Accessing the You and its operating You this built-in from or other that connected to the as the IP that the
USB to to Wired Network On or other connected to the as browser. IP the You the topic: or Network If already connected to using USB to the USB from Uninstall software. Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network If already connected to wirelessly, to wired necessary. features. of Ethernet to the LAN the other to LAN router or Uninstall software. Download and software from the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the Select Wired If Select Option the first following the of the on-screen instructions. topic: or Network
Connecting to New Router If the wireless router using to to the router. If switch to wireless router, the router to and router instructions. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network You to type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Select Select Network Select
You this and Select to topic: or Network
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Loading the Rear Loading Selecting the Each Source Thick Turning the Loading Capacity or or Software You photo and other these the inches inches or the operation. the the the LCD or hand, necessary.
If the output hand, there and This the front cover. the (The the right If the too the to reach, the off and the outward.
the front to the the the with the or facedown. the the front and sticking from the of the the the too tightly. the the the
the as the and right arrow the and The when enough front of the the to ejected. or the while the operating. If prompted the LCD the and type of the loaded, and follow these the recommended of sheets. first and the the the and sticking from the of the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity or Software or Related Selecting the Source Loading
Loading Loading the Rear Loading You to this the inches or the while the operating. the the or hand, necessary. the output there and This the front cover.
the front to the the outward. If using the CD/DVD from the Press the the and as shown.
the front to the the with the or the the front and sticking from the of the
the the too tightly. the the the the as The output when enough front of the the to ejected. or the while the operating. If prompted the LCD the and type of the loaded, and follow these the recommended of sheets.
Loading the Rear first and facedown. the the the and sticking from the of the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity or Software or Related Selecting the Each Source Loading Loading the Rear Loading You of other thick or the rear You to inches A3 inches that too correctly it within the specifications. from or the If from Rear the Source or Source (OS X) If from the Rear the Source
the cover. the and back, as shown.
the outward. of the following: of or thick and first, the of the rear hear the the too tightly. If the Press off, hear when
first with the facing and to the the of the feed hear the the too tightly. ready to the The when enough front of the the to ejected. To If prompted the LCD the and type of the loaded, and follow these or
to too or enough. about inches of the as shown. inches or the or
Loading You hole-punched with to the to the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity or Software or Related Selecting the Each Source Loading Loading Loading You as You this inches You the as that section. or the
the the or hand, necessary. the there and This the front cover. the front cover to the
the outward. to and as shown. the sticking from the of the the the too tightly. the the the
Selecting the Each Source the as The output when enough front of the the to ejected. or the while the operating. If prompted the LCD the and type of the loaded, and follow these If of each or that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related references Loading Capacity or Software or Related Selecting the Source Loading Loading Loading the You the and type each the the
Press the necessary. Select Select Select Source You this To off the of the selection the the to If this, to AirPrint. Select Select the to Select Select the loaded. Select Select the type loaded. Press the to another to or the to topic: Loading
Thick Turning the If smears when thick the Thick to with this Press the necessary. Select Select You this Select Thick Select On Press the to topic: Loading The when the match the loaded. You turn off this from the Press the necessary. Select and Functions
Loading Capacity You this Select Press the to topic: Loading of or the the the of the type to this inches A4 inches or inches sheets Bright White sheets
type to this sheets sheets sheet Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
count Bright White inches S041586 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041156 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041466 inches S041290 A3 inches S041288 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 S042038 S041271
count inches S041405 inches S041982 S041331 S041062 inches S041467 inches S041257 S042180 inches S041568 Double-sided S041341 Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided Quality A4 inches S041106 A3 inches S041406 inches S041067 inches S041070 inches S041468 A3 inches S041260 A3 inches S041343
Sheet count Iron-on Cool S041153 inches S041636 topic: Loading You inches inches inches inches inches A4 inches A3 inches inches topic: Loading
or or Software this Select this Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Brochure Double-sided Envelope topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive
this Select this or Brochure Double-sided Envelope The when from they apply to topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the anything top of or its cover as writing to the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover.
facedown the with the top of the facing the shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other and from the of the
If copying the as shown to the first then the as shown to the the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or Copying and Restoring Related Copying CD/DVD You or and of including or the the to the recommended of sheets. Press the necessary. Select Copy
Copying To than the or to the to Select or B&W to and necessary. ready to the To copying, Copying Copying Copying topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Related the Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White High Quality Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Double-sided
Copying Copying type topic: Copying or Select the that matches the loaded. You these inches inches inches inches A4 inches A3 inches inches topic: Copying or Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option Varying the or of
Copying option Background or the background or On 2-Sided Copying 1>1-Sided Selects or 1>2-Sided With around the Expands the to the of the A4, Copy originals Copy originals A4, of or of or of or both of when Sided selected) Reduce/Enlarge Custom the the Automatically the to the selected and other Automatically from to another Selects the the the selected type
Copying option Source Rear the feed Text text Text that includes text and Quality only) the highest the of originals (only when 1>2-Sided selected) Margin Edge the of (only when 1>2-Sided Top Edge selected) the amount of or appear the front of the when the Clear the to the topic: Copying or
Copying and Restoring You the as them. the Press the necessary. Select More Functions Select Copy/Restore Select On to the the LCD instructions the Press the Press the or to or of the to If originals the the or right arrow to the Then the or to or of the to To and or of the following: To the and the To the and To B&W to the and the B&W
To or photo, and the the LCD to ready to the To copying, topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Copying Copying Copying Related the
from with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting or Selecting topic: from Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of the Source where the to Select the of the as the You the to to the
If photo, You to options You type and to without the Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or the To and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the 2-Sided option. To of or sheets of of the the and the options To and their the To reduce when Paper/Bright White To To as that and combined with other Source Quality topic: with Related or Software
Source Quality Related Selecting Double-sided Turning On You of the options the Source to the that Selection Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the and switches to when empty. Rear Selects the the feed as the CD/DVD Selects the CD or DVD the CD/DVD topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. text and High and graphics with high quality. More that choose of and
Selecting Double-sided topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints sheets of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting of the 2-Sided options the options or other chosen or the Select of the following options 2-Sided (Long-edge to the the (Short-edge to the the (Long-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that (Short-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that duplexing).
Click the You this Select the options to Click OK to to the
Click the You this Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided topic: with You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the
Margin options that to allow Selects whether the front or back Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided
Selecting Additional and You of and options or the More To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge checkbox and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or photo as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and
Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. to You To the following features, the to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to turn off to the effects.
and Additional ICM off software software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the weight of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Text Black Prints text Text Prints text background or and Prints graphics and with Text, Graphs, and Prints graphics, and with Universal graphics, and Additional Prints the rotated from its
High reduce the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the These with You to the following information: The user and from the topic: Selecting Additional and
Selecting Preset to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More You the the
Selecting of the to its of Click to its or of the options the to To choose Click OK topic: with Related Selecting Selecting Additional and You that apply to the to Access the and right-click the the Select Click the
You the options: Click the
You this Select of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the the of as they printed. EPSON and and other Prevents the of the the incorrect; reduce Thick and from smearing when or other thick
or each containing the title, and RAW Datatype Increases and other Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM Allows to ICM the Source Prints using the the rather than the topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
You such as this Click OK or to Checking topic: with Related Selecting Selecting Additional and
Checking Selecting this showing the of It allows to and To To to To topic: or the apply while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To often the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from Computer the the or photo to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the
You these Select the Source to from. Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Software Related or
Source OS Quality OS OS Selecting OS You of the options the Source to from that Selects the as the Selects the as the Rear Selects the the feed as the topic: Selecting OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with quality. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and Quality the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen.
Selecting OS If selected this option the to the of Prints and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to the Quality to Normal You type and to without the Select the of or as shown the If the
Selecting OS You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or topic: with OS
Selecting Double-sided OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided Long-Edge to bound the of the
OS Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the Matching and to the or off software. Select Matching from the the Select of the options.
and OS from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the and OS topic: with OS You from these the Matching and EPSON software or off ColorSync Prints using and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or red-eye sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. off software only software. ICC turned off. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
Preferences OS You this: Select of the Click OKOK or OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or speed. temporary Allows to using when expended.
or OS Switching Automatically switches to the other when of the of High reduce Warning Notifications choose whether or to from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when using topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS
Checking OS Product the of and Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as of OS X: To the and or To the and or To the and or To or To other information, or topic: or OS If to the LCD topic: from
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related the You to using buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or the software to from the the firewall or security software. Press the necessary. Select Scan
The options displayed: or to options, then the Scan to Memory Card memory and the quality, and other Scan to to that with To this account with Scan to (JPEG) directly to or as OS Scan to (PDF) as PDF to or as OS X. Scan to and attaches to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as Scan to (WSD) wireless or only).
Scan to Memory Card To this first WSD Services Devices) the to to. To to PC, connected to If connected directly to with USB USB If connected to the from the Press the to scanning. Scan to Memory Card Scan topic: Starting Scan Related Scan to Select the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options JPG JPG PDF PDF Select or black-and-white B&W Decrease or increase Scan Selects the or A4 with Text Selects the type of Photograph
Scan Starting Scan the Scan Scan to Memory Card options or the or OCR highest the of originals topic: Starting Scan the Product You or the when to the buttons. You this the of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select (OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to
to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or
You Scan this: topic: Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning You Scan from to and the the and its option. instructions.)
Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You Scan this:
Selecting Scan Scan the instead of the Scan Select options as necessary. topic: Starting Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of This the type of scanning, selects and You You based the type of You options, and and Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting the Scan Scanning Related Selecting the Scan the Scan to from the the right of the Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You the and options necessary. Scan and as the
You this
To options or the and OK To choose of the the the option. To the Click Scan Scan and the the selected or it If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Selecting Scan
Scanning Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You these options Scan from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the when scanned, necessary. (If oriented correctly using this option, this option and topic: Scanning Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and as the
You this Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) this option or the Select this option or to text OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the
of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and it the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Restoration the automatically.
Selecting Scan Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned. To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The topic: Scanning
Scanning Office Office Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Selecting Scan Office the that matches Select the Source indicating where Select the and that match Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then click the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the checkbox. Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
Scanning Professional the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the
You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the button. Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to
of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Professional To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of using graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. users only.) Click the correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the only.) Click the to the
Selecting Scan Professional Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as photo This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned. To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The
Scan To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected thumbnail as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as
If the Scan's to increase the You the its Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to text (OCR): topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed
Scanned and Optional Click the Other button, the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that However, the higher the the the (The TIFF recommended when to or TIFF when to the allowing to the using PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS PRINT Matching II or that include PRINT Matching II and the the displays the
Scanning with OS TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite with the this Select to the appear Scan Select to or OS to the where If using the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS X, with such as With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED the necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan
Scan OS Scanning Scanning to PDF the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS X, Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. topic: Scanning with OS software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan Scanning to Destinations Scan topic: Scanning Scan Office, Home, or Professional and PDF Format)
scanning. Scan. the to Select the selecting Scan You the Select PDF as the
Select other to the Click the to Click OK Scan and this Choose of the following If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the
Restoring Colors as You Scan topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the Scan Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan You the as them Scan's Restoration You this of the Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. Select the to the or the Select the Restoration checkbox. selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related the Scan the Scan
Scanning to Destinations Scan Scanning Scan Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan You or and them to and other such as photo-sharing or Scan. Scanning Scan Uploading Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Uploading Scanned to Scanned to Uploading Scanned to Scanned to JPEG TIFF and topic: Scanning You Scan to easily the and them to or other With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or scanning. of the following to Scan: to the Apps and Scan Select and OK necessary. (other Click or and or Select Software and Scan Select and OK necessary.
OS the Applications Software and Scan Select and OK necessary. You this: Click the Scan Click Scan the that appears to The displayed the Scan with You to the to Scan. To the of the the the of the the and the To the the and of the the Scan information
Scanned to these each to scanning, of the to the You to the arrow to the to of them. The vary, the software topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Uploading Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to You account with Scan and to Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If account Easy Scan, the or Destination the account, necessary, and to Click On the Application Authentication to account. To the option
Uploading Scanned to from the If the to Selection) to to account, and If to directly Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG Related Scanning Scan You account with Easy Scan and Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account, necessary, and to Click On the Application Authentication account. Click to allow Scan to to account. authentication Copy the authentication the Please authentication field and OK
Uploading Scanned to Select from the If the to Selection) the to account, and If to directly Select option the the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and to only). You with Scan. Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to Select from the If to directly Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and
Scanned to If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related references JPEG Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and Scan using Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to the account information the and Select option the the Briefcase to the Briefcase appear the the field. If the of existing the to that If the with that created.
Scanned to If to existing with the with the the with the Click to whether the account information correct. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related references JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You to Scan. Scan using Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to the URL the field. the information the and If to existing with the with the the with the Click to whether the account information correct. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options
Scanned to If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You to and them Scan. With Scan Microsoft and Mail/Windows If of these applications, Scan the the Scan Scan. Click the You this:
Scanned to With OS X, and text the If already Scan, them the Destination field. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options of the following: Click to choose the where to the Then OK to the to the and or to the operation. OS If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and Then or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You to Scan. Scan Scan. Click the
JPEG You this: Select the the from the or If there options the selected and the options Click or the field to choose the where to the Click OK to the to the or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You from the following the JPEG Scan.
TIFF and The vary, the operating the The Quality increases with higher the Encoding Embed ICC Profile Allows the ICC (information of to the that software the of the using the ICC topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan You from the following the TIFF Scan. from the top to the when displayed then with higher
The the operating the operating where the used. the and Color/Grayscale and B&W The increases with higher Embed ICC Profile Allows the ICC (information of to the that software the of the the ICC topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card only memory memory the memory and the with the the and memory the the oriented correctly. Memory light force the the the The memory light flashes and then
Memory Card memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Removing Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with using You the following the Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD
Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Right You the following the right CompactFlash topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or turn off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing.
from Memory Card and and From the LCD If to USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the or the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and from Memory Card Cards topic: Memory Cards With Product these sections to and displayed LCD and From the LCD Screen Displayed the LCD Memory Card Memory Card Memory Card topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD
Select of the following to To the of the to and the or the to the of to Press the or right arrow to through and or the to to the and another To Select Select then the or the to the of to Select when finished. To based the they and of the shown. Select Proceed and the to To of the following as the To or photo, the of the to the OK and OK To the appearance (such as and of the of photo, and the finished, the To the and the finished, the ready to the To
Displayed the LCD Memory Card topic: and Related Memory Card Memory Card Related Displayed the LCD If to or displayed the LCD the thumbnail of the to and the To the photo, the to the or the to the outward. To the the arrow buttons. To the To the OK topic: and Select the options to when and displayed the LCD The the of the photo, the options off below the of the option that matches People Night P.I.M. PRINT Matching or
Memory Card options Red-Eye Automatically the On On Brightness photo Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: and Select the options to when displayed the LCD options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of memory options the selected
options Source Prints Prints Prints and then when the first the and type of both when selecting this option) Rear Prints the feed Expands the to the of the With around the Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white the the the the Info. On Prints that Text Prints text that Prints location information photo that built-in GPS off info from On Automatically the to the selected off
Memory Card options Bidirectional On Prints to Clear Clears topic: and Related references Memory Card Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Double-sided topic: and
from Memory Card You or from memory of photo Press the necessary. Select More Functions Select to of the then the option Select the and type that matches the and Proceed
If to choose and of of the following: Select to allow to the the automatically. Select manually to the manually. Select the to and Proceed If chose to the manually, follow the instructions the LCD screen to and the then Proceed Press the or to the of to to and Proceed Select as necessary. ready to the To topic: from Memory Card Select the to when Prints or or or the or of the ID Prints Prints the of Index Prints to thumbnail topic: from Memory Card
Cards Creating and Card Template You memory or other and handwritten or First photo and template Then the and cards. Creating and Card Template Card from Template topic: from Memory Card and memory Press the necessary. Select More Functions
Card from Template Select Card Select and Template Select the photo and Proceed Select and to three sheet or to Select and the type of to Select the other as and Proceed ready to template the topic: Cards Related Memory Card Related topics Loading template printed, to and
or to the and the Text and Text Effects. within the You write hand, and the or the that (lower) this inches or this inches Select Cards from Template (If this option, the and More Functions Card Cards from Template Follow the instructions the LCD to the template facedown the with the facing the front right corner. the cover and Proceed To than the or to the to ready to the To necessary. topic: Cards
Memory Card From from Memory Card to Related Creating and Card Template You to and from memory memory From from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to memory from the the memory the or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Press the necessary. Select and Select the type the and topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory connected to
memory memory of the following to memory from the or utility, then the OS with USB the or then OS with Select the or the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card
with Product from Selecting and Follow the instructions these sections to with such as smartphone, or other from or from USB or If that PictBridge directly from the to JPG and from to the of of type, and supported, and the Selecting and Connecting and from from Wirelessly topic: with Product from and the the of the photo, the Press the necessary.
Press the or right arrow and then and
Select Select the to the Select Select the to Press the to ready to and
topic: from Select the options to when from options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Source Prints Prints Prints and then when the first the and type of both when selecting this option) Rear Prints the
options Expands the to the of the With around the Prints Prints the selected of or or CD/DVD ID Prints or photo the or of the Prints the of Index Prints to Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white the which the photo On Prints the which the
options Info. On off info from Prints and ISO Text Prints text that Prints location information that built-in GPS On the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to CD of Selects and outer from CD the when CDs/DVDs from Clear Clears topic: Selecting and Related Copying Select the options to when from The the of the photo, the
options On Automatically the brightness, and of the photo based the Detection that selected Turns off below P.I.M PRINT Matching or Detection the of the option that matches People Night Red-Eye the red-eye On Automatically the off the tone to the or B&W black-and-white to the or Brightness Sharpness Clear Clears sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects.
Connecting and from from Wirelessly topic: Selecting and the turned memory from the the to the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to Turn Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the topic: from Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You from using wireless to and PictBridge (DPS IP).
or from USB or memory from the the to Turn the wireless the that with the to the that You Network to Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the topic: from Related Memory Card Network Related topics Loading You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product Related Removing Memory Card and From the LCD Related topics Loading
USB Specifications Connecting and USB or You that these specifications. JPEG with the with DCF or to to 2GB of to DCF built-in memory supported. topic: or from USB or or the turned the of memory from the the to USB or the USB that with the USB the front of (such as CD) necessary. Select the to from the LCD the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or Related Removing Memory Card
Related topics Loading
Coloring You or stationery with background. Coloring Graph and You from photo memory or from or the of these of inches or A4 inches Bright White only) Press the necessary. Select More Functions
and Coloring of the following: Select or to from facedown the the front right corner. Memory Card to from memory then photo. Select Proceed Select and the and type of that loaded. Select Source and where If necessary, the following to the or Detection to the amount of the ready to the To topic: Related Memory Card the
Related topics Loading You or with of own the background. inches or A4 inches memory memory Press the necessary. Functions and Stationery
Select Writing and of the following Without the thumbnails to each option to the Select the of loaded. Select the to and Proceed To the to Proceed To than the or to the to ready to the To topic:
Lined Graph and Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You or narrow-rule and inches or A4 inches Press the necessary. Select Functions and Stationery
Select Select of the following Thin Graph the thumbnails to each option to the Select the of loaded. to Proceed To than the or to the to ready to the To topic: Related topics Loading
You and or monthly from inches or A4 inches Press the necessary. Select More Functions and Stationery
Select of the following to with hourly Monthly: monthly chosen month and Monthly with Photo: monthly chosen month and with the background. the thumbnails to each option to the If choose Monthly the year and month and Select the type and of to to Proceed To than the or to the to ready to the To topic: Related topics Loading
CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD Follow the instructions to CDs or to CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD Printed CD/DVD CD/DVD the CD/DVD from Memory Card CD/DVD from Memory Card from You of the following features to and Copy existing to from memory and from the CD software You to with from memory topic: Related Copying CD/DVD from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD from Memory Card You CDs or including the CD/DVD while the copying, or other operations. or the of the CD/DVD become or scratched.
If where the to within inch of the to the using the or CD software. or from or the to the CD/DVD, and follow the instructions. the the nothing the then the front cover.
the CD/DVD from the of the CD or DVD the CD/DVD with the and the the the the the and the the Select Ready OK the The CD/DVD of off the with CD or DVD the first.
Printed CD/DVD topic: CD or DVD printed, the automatically. the CD/DVD of the and CD or DVD from the the CD/DVD the the of the the CD or DVD You to to hours the to the type of used. from and sunlight. topic:
CD/DVD the Copying CD/DVD You CD or DVD the and the another CD or DVD. the cover. CD or DVD facedown the of the the cover to topic: You photo or CD/DVD directly CD or DVD. If first the CD, DVD, or to Press the necessary.
Select More Functions Select CD/DVD Copy Follow the instructions the LCD to CD, DVD, or photo the and Proceed If necessary, the and outer of CD as shown the and Proceed You this Select of the options shown the to CD or DVD or If Proceed
from Memory Card CD/DVD ready to the To copying, topic: Related Loading CD/DVD CD/DVD the the Related topics Loading You or from memory directly CD or DVD. If first memory memory the CD, DVD, or to Press the necessary. Select More Functions
Select CD/DVD Select and Proceed Follow the instructions the to or the to the and of CD, the and Proceed You this Select of the options shown the to CD or DVD or If Proceed
from Memory Card the CD necessary, then the to To topic: Related Memory Card Loading CD/DVD Related topics Loading You from memory to CD or DVD You to the printed, and to memory memory the to Press the necessary. Select More Functions
Select Sheet and then of the following: to the of the to or the Select and type and Proceed Follow the instructions the LCD to and the of the necessary. ready to the To and following the topic: CDs/DVDs Related Memory Card Related topics Loading
from CD directly CDs or from as the and the CD software. Starting CD CD/DVD Starting CD OS CD/DVD OS topic: Related Loading CD/DVD You CD to and creating effects. Select the CD You this:
CD/DVD the buttons the of the to template or background or graphic information, the finished creating and topic: from to then the CD or DVD that or the CD and You this: selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the Click
Starting CD OS If to the or the CD instructions. topic: from You CD to and creating effects. the CD the Applications Software CD You this: the the of the to background or graphic finished creating
CD/DVD OS topic: from to then it the CD or DVD that or the CD and from the You screen this: selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the If to the or the CD instructions. topic: from
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD expended, to You to that than months or their cleaning and the head. Please of responsibly and with If would to to please to information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges and Cartridges with Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of LCD Press the necessary.
Checking Cartridge with Select Select The displayed. Displayed Select OK to topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges appears to when and To the and the the
You this or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences
You this the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS You the Apple or the Preferences Scan or and Select and Select EPSON You this: the following as necessary: To the
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This only Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and charging, the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase within months of the Black (PBK) 277XL Standard-capacity High-capacity
Removing and Cartridges Black (BK) 277XL 277XL 277XL 277XL topic: Purchase Cartridges You immediately removing the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. that the CD/DVD Turn If expended, the LCD which to and Proceed Then choose If the LCD Cartridges the Standard-capacity High-capacity
the head hand; otherwise, the white the the to the replacing. Then the of the to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the the that with of the or to
the from the the the or the shown Doing operation and the from the and the or of them. other or or
the head first the Then the of the clicks Once the that replacing, the The charging the This the LCD off the while charging or If incorrectly, the and the it clicks finished, the If or and the If the the that with to the from and to the surrounding from smeared the the as the the with the
with Black and Cartridges with Cartridges of the head and to topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges or photo expended, temporarily from the as as You with with Cartridges with Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges Related and Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or To this Click or to If the appears another to the using the or Access the Click the Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type
with Cartridges OS Select the Black/Grayscale checkbox. Click OK displays Click Black to topic: with Black and Cartridges Related topics Loading If and to temporarily with or Click the the If that temporarily with the or to If OK If the appears another to the the the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
You this: Select On as the temporary Click OKOK or OK the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: with Black and Cartridges Related topics Loading
Conserving Black with The following appears when and there The appears only when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to using the the Click this to using the If this topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to clean the head Cleaning the You clean them clean them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the there the LCD the CD/DVD and the sheets of the
Press the necessary. Select Select Select Press the The printed.
Checking the the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there the head clean. Select If there or the Clean the Head Follow the instructions the to the head. If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Loading Cleaning the Head the Product Related topics Cartridges You the head using or
there the LCD the CD/DVD and the sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select You this: Click
Head Cleaning the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Loading Cleaning the Head Related topics Cartridges If and the clean the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first.
Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges You the head the there the LCD the CD/DVD and the sheets of the Press the necessary. Select Select
Cleaning the Head Select Head Cleaning Press the to the head. You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, the Select then the button to and that the head clean. If cleaning the head to off the and least Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Loading Checking the the Product Related topics Cartridges You the head or
there the LCD the CD/DVD and the of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Cleaning You this: Click to the cleaning You the LCD the cleaning
off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Loading Checking the Related topics Cartridges
Head the Head the Product If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality You the head using the there the LCD the CD/DVD and the sheets of the Press the necessary. Select Select
the Head Select Head Press the to while head the and the the each Select when finished. topic: Head Related Loading You the head or the CD/DVD there the LCD the CD/DVD and the of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and
Head Click Next then to while head You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the of the each choosing Next If or of the choose the each and Then another sheet and Click (where to
Cleaning the Path topic: Head Related Loading If the back of clean the to to the the from the head sheets of the the to without the there or the or cover. the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related Loading
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should clean the and front cover when the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the connected the Clean the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise
the Removing the the head and the from the its this the expended, or to the head from cool, Turn off the the and to the head the right (the If the the head to then the off the to the with the white the otherwise, the the from the memory the the
the and the Then the the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software these sections to using Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software
Product topic: Related You often with the its LCD You information and how-to instructions the Press the necessary, the or right arrow and then LCD the Follow the instructions the LCD to the from the indicated loaded. the There with originals the to the they correctly and the operation. correctly the Turn the occurred. Turn the off and then back If the off and If there the connected to and software correctly. connected. The the of their service and the nearing the of its displayed the replaced. (To service life. the The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service life. Support. Memory or the memory or correctly and the specifications
Product LCD Combination of IP There with the to and Recovery occurred firmware using USB and downloading the from If The the and the that the of reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The LCD or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the authorized service The user-replaceable topic: Related the Product the the or Cover Where to Related the Related topics Network operating properly. Disconnect interface to the Press the necessary.
Select Select Select Press the The printed. of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected
the other this or try and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head Uninstall Product Software Related references Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Select and
Software Select of these options: You to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic: If hear from the following: The first the charge its head. charging finishes off the or charge improperly and the finished charging the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished approximately off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related Where to If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating
Network other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related Uninstall Product Software Related references OS If the these To LCD text the To the of the or topic: Related LCD Screen these or using or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network
Product to Router or Access Scan Network topic: Related Network If finding or connecting to wireless router or these If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD or appear, of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. to within of router or microwave or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. If Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions.
Network Software Product Network If connected to using Direct and selected Access low-priority the network or the and the to of the topic: Network Related Network Direct If these turned and connected to using (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. connected to If necessary, software and network to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the the instructions the If router, software to to the router. If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related Uninstall Product Software
Product Not Appear OS Network Related If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. If connecting the wirelessly and the appear LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related Uninstall Product Software If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as
Scan Network If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing. If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or to or router, switch, or with Ethernet to from another the If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. If the and the appear the LCD, software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Uninstall Product Software Related Network If Scan these If from the software. the firewall or security software.
Copying If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic:
Product Nothing Product It While If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly. topic: Copying This topic: Copying these sections with the Product the the or Rear Ejection topic: If feeding these If feed from the feed or then the the the the the to the to the the If once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of the specifications
the Product If when both of the follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity the Product the the or Rear If that the follow the or the LCD to clear the the necessary. from the feed
the and the white the the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the or Rear
the the or Rear If that the follow the or the LCD to clear the the necessary. both then the the the as If the arrows the right Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the or Rear Cover If that the or rear cover, follow the or the LCD to clear the the necessary.
Press the to release the and from from the from the
the and from the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the
Ejection from Nothing Prints If with ejecting properly, try these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related the Product the the or Rear or or Software these sections while from AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the
Product Not Appear to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first try restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary.
Cartridge Click the Click the Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If using the Devices and turned off. Clear or to free existing using when If to USB directly to instead.
and If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. the increased Click the or or and and the following High RAW Datatype as topic: from Related or or Software OS Related Selecting OS Selecting these sections with the or of AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Inverted Too
Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software.
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints head to of the clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting OS Selecting Additional and Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software.
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and Related Related Selecting OS Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely both from the Click the the and If connected to USB directly to instead. If incorrect characters appear try connecting using topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting OS
Printout Quality Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS If these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Head Related Selecting OS Selecting these sections with quality, using AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic:
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Related topics Scanned Quality If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Head Related or or Software Related Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading Cartridges If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly sheet with or
the to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly If thick or the Thick from the or Thick and the of the software. (Turning this each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Increase Drying to of the head Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related or or Software Specifications Related Selecting Preferences OS
Printout or Printout Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting Double-sided Selecting OS Selecting Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading Cartridges If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Related Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting
Printout If try these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software from the and high If the image-editing to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Related Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS Selecting
Incorrect Colors Scanning Related topics Loading If incorrect these the type matches the loaded. the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the to as the this the than To top of each other. exactly match on-screen to as as using the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Related Selecting OS Selecting OS these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan
Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Uninstall Product Software Related OS Related Scanning with OS If Scan, these and interface securely both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the using Scan
Scanned Quality to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors
Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: Related topics Quality If consists only of try these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Professional Office Related the If of appears clean the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when
Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too topic: Scanned Quality Related the If appears or these or warped. This the from the or properly while that its these Scan and the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these Scan and Brightness the and of
of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these Scan and try the and with combinations of the the Tone Correction the topic: Scanned Quality
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped Memory Card Memory Card Not Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Professional Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related the these memory with Memory Card or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card topic: If memory properly force You to with memory
or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory try these memory memory with the the memory the If too memory the or prompted to of the of or of the memory specifications the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related Memory Card If to or from memory these memory memory with the securely connected to If to the memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the the enough memory that the correctly.
Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Related topics Memory Card If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the Disconnect interface of the following: to the Apps and and Features Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions.
Uninstalling Product Software OS of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions.
Where to If the and the Scan or and the to topic: Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and Accessories You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products OS Scanning Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications USB Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3
OS Scanning Specifications (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications type Photoelectric CIS inches Scanning US or A4
Specifications Color: Light LED topic: Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets and distributed to inches to topic: Technical Specifications internal internal) internal Black-and-white: internal
Specifications the shown to the sheets Margin: inch Reduced inch Reduced area/bottom: inch sheets
Reduced inch Reduced area/bottom: inch Left/right inch Top/bottom inch Reduced area/right: inch Reduced inch CD/DVD
Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications inch reduced inch reduced inch outer inch topic: Technical Specifications This only Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Yellow, Light Light Cartridge months to F to C) within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Cards with Unopened the the month F C) F C) and hours F C)
USB Specifications Memory 128MB Compatible types/Maximum Memory PRO 32GB type, type and 5V); supply topic: Technical Specifications with the following Dedicated Security such as or USB Memory PRO-HG 32GB Memory 32GB Memory 32GB 2GB 32GB 2GB 32GB 64GB SD: 2GB SDHC: 32GB SDXC: 64GB CompactFlash: 32GB MicroDrive: 6GB supply Memory and Memory PRO: SD: CompactFlash and MicroDrive:
Specifications Specifications only with AC that USB recommended. the of externally connected CD-ROM/CD-R 700MB DVD-ROM/DVD-R 4.7GB 1.3GB and USB 2TB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Specifications inches Height inches inches (without cord, and CD/DVD topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to CD-RW DVD-RW, DVD+R, DVD+RW, DVD-RAM, and inches inches inches
Specifications Interface Specifications Rated Rated (ISO/IEC24712) (USB Ready Approximately topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) to RH (without to RH topic: Technical Specifications USB USB and USB PictBridge the operation of externally topic: Technical Specifications off Approximately to F to C) month F C)
Network Interface Specifications IEEE Security WEP Coordination Ethernet (10BASE-T) Connector RJ-45 Security SSL/TLS: HTTPS IPPS topic: Technical Specifications WPA-PSK (AES); with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 IEEE Direct IEEE AP with and Ethernet (100BASE-TX) connected should
and Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6320-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. This with FCC/IC forth and the FCC (RF) C to OET65 and RSS-102 of the IC (RF) This should and operated that the least inches or from wrists, and topic: Technical Specifications EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices Instructions Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Instructions FCC Copyright Notice and follow these instructions. Product Instructions Cartridge Instructions Wireless Instructions LCD Instructions topic: Notices to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the outlet where the easily the the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or to and top of and allow to or to the straight each If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the
rating of the the off the the and the light flashing the or off to the If using the the from the the that its It properly or Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the heat or sunlight. enough around the or cover the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the to or other with the of the the both the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the copying, scanning, or other to when closing the cover or as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the
Cartridge Instructions or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the or the its or otherwise topic: Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If it them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the of the This the to become the the of the when from the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the supply from and and it the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the or surrounding the its This the head. cool,
Instructions LCD Instructions FCC from allow to least three hours using with their facing upward. topic: Instructions waves from this the of or such as or fire this such or facility, follow the from authorized the facility, and follow and the to causing topic: Instructions cloth to clean the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver.
the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices EPSON EPSON and TM TM and Remote TM of Corporation. SM service of Inc. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. and the of Apple Inc. and TM TM Chrome TM TM and TM of Inc. Direct of Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices
Copyright Notice Concerning of Copyrighted Products rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. the to to shorter
Copyright Attribution topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-42858R1 topic: Copyright Notice