XP-860
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the of the Product Locations The and More these sections to learn about the and and Lights the LCD Screen LCD Turning Sounds Turning Selection Turning On topic: Product
the LCD The and the light The The LCD The and The The back The topic: the the the to the the to other features or You the of the to or To of the and of their
LCD topic: the You the of the to to access. or to the as shown. The and the when topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Select
Turning Sounds You this and Select Select Press the to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary. Select Select
Turning Selection You this and Sound Select Press Select the Press the to topic: the Selection the options the LCD the action instance, memory displays memory card-related options the You off this from the Press the necessary. Select
Turning On You this and Functions Select Selection Turn off the options the topic: the You reduce the the turning the option. Turning this reduce Press the necessary. Select Select
Product Locations You this and Select On Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product Product Top Product Product topic: Product
Product cover Edge topic: Product Locations
Product Top ADF ADF cover ADF ADF input ADF ADF CD/DVD
cover Memory USB topic: Product Locations
Product head/ink topic: Product Locations
Product AC Rear cover LINE
The the From the EXT. USB LAN Rear Rear cover Edge topic: Product Locations The of You the increasing the reduces the efficiency. the From the the the OS topic: Product You the to the the
the Press the necessary. Select and You this Select the the to Press the to topic: The You the software to the the Access the right-click the the and Click the Click the and Option Information
the OS You the and Option Information Select the the to as the Click Click OK to the topic: The You the software to the the the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and Select
and More You this Select the the to as the Click Apply the topic: The You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to and from anywhere: Print, Remote Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product
the With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or to and to as this the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More Related topics or Wired this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or as this the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics or Wired
Remote Scan to With Remote software or to anywhere the as this the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Remote Select the and choose the Remote topic: and More Related topics or Wired The Scan to service to that with as this the below. instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and More Related Starting Scan the Product Related topics or Wired
or Wired allows to wirelessly to from the of and from OS or If AirPrint. the below to the necessary. wireless as this the below. Apple to the wireless that from to the the Apple topic: Product Related Selecting the Source Related topics or Wired With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or as this the below. and connected to the the to the that
Chromebook IP the the IP the of the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the checkbox to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of Chromebook topic: Product Related Network Related topics or Wired With Account, from without or as this the below. connected to wireless the
Turn Chromebook and to the wireless as connecting to Click to the that appears the of Chromebook If to appears the the lower-right of the Click this to the then to Click Click the that appears to Click the LCD screen displays Select OK or the OK to the and to Account and from iPhone, or with access. information using Print, topic: Related topics or Wired
or Wired these sections to or wired Direct Protected (WPS) Wired Network Network or Network You to with using wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired
Selecting Network From the Wireless router or with wireless interface Ethernet wired to the wireless router or Selecting From the topic: or Wired You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software. The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Press the necessary. Select Network Select Select
You this Select If to the wireless to Ethernet and instead. Then follow the instructions to wired this Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, and then Other the to as the
wireless (or and then using the The and to correctly and lowercase and or characters. Press the buttons repeatedly to through characters. Press or to the Press to Press to the character. Press when finished Confirm the and Proceed to them. If to the back If to the
Direct If the the Network the right of the LCD as shown: topic: Related topics or Network You to directly with or another without wireless router or
Direct with wireless interface Other wireless selects of these to with or Access If connected to wireless and the acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD If already connected to wireless and from other This other features to the operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other to the Direct topic: or Wired You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the necessary. Select Network Select Select Direct
You this Select Select and OK If already connected or to Direct, they disconnected when the
Direct least and than characters Press the buttons repeatedly to through characters. Press or to the Press to Press to the character. Press when You this
Protected (WPS) WPS to to Network to the SSID and or wireless to the (SSID) displayed the LCD then the shown. Press the to You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct displayed the LCD Direct these to topic: Direct If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic: or Wired If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the necessary. Select Network Select Select
You this Select (WPS) Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS Select OK necessary. If the the Network the right of the LCD as shown: topic: Protected (WPS)
Wired Network You to with wired to the router or using Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet Computers with wired interfaces Router topic: or Wired
Network or Network Accessing the You to the of using Press the necessary. Select Network Select and Press the to the (Select to the operation.) the shown the to topic: or Wired these sections to or to Accessing the USB to to Wired Network Connecting to New Router topic: or Wired Related Selecting Wireless Network From the You and its operating using browser. You this built-in from or other that connected to the as network the IP that the On or other connected to the as
USB to to Wired Network IP the You the options. topic: or Related Network If already connected to using USB to or to wirelessly. of the following: If to the USB from With software. If to to USB the USB connected to Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network If already connected to wirelessly, to wired necessary. features. of Ethernet to the LAN the other to LAN router or Download and software from the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the Select Wired If Select Option the first following the of the on-screen instructions. topic: or Network
Connecting to New Router Related If the wireless router to the router. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download and software from the using the instructions the topic: or Network You to type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Select Network Select Select
You this and Select to topic: or Network
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Loading the Loading Selecting the Each Source Thick Turning the Loading Capacity or You to this the inches or the the
the the open/close or hand, necessary. the front cover and to the the outward.
If the CD/DVD from the Press the the and then as shown. the front to the with the or facedown. the the and sticking from the of the
the the too tightly. the the the the as If prompted the LCD the and type of the loaded, and The when enough front of the the to ejected.
Loading follow these the recommended of sheets. first and the the the and sticking from the of the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading Loading the Rear Loading You and other these the inches inches inches A6 inches inches or the
the necessary. the the or hand, necessary. the front and the
If the too the off and the outward. the front to the the with the or facedown. the the front
the the too tightly. the the the the as the arrow the and If prompted the LCD the and type of the loaded, and The when follow these only the recommended of first and facedown. the the the and sticking from the of the
Loading the Rear the instructions. topic: Loading Related references Loading Capacity Related Loading Loading the Rear Loading You of or other thick sheet of or the that too correctly. the specifications. from or the selecting Rear as the Source of the following: If from If from the the You the LCD then instructions the cover.
the the outward.
of the following: of or thick and first, the of the approximately inches the first with the facing the of the approximately inches the
of or other with as shown, approximately inches the the the or too tightly. ready to the The when enough front of the the to ejected. follow these or the or first and the instructions.
Loading topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Specifications Related Loading Loading Loading You as You this inches You the rear feed as that section. or the the necessary.
the the or hand, necessary. the front cover and to the the outward.
to facedown and as shown. the sticking from the of the the the too tightly. the the the
Selecting the Each Source the as If prompted the LCD Envelope the and Envelope the and The when follow these If of each or that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading Loading Loading the Rear You the and type each the the
Press the necessary. Select Select Select Source You this To off the of the selection the the to If this, to AirPrint. Select Select the to Select Select the loaded. Select Select the type loaded. Press the back to another to or the to topic: Loading
Thick Turning the If smears when thick the Thick to quality. with this Press the necessary. Select You this Select Thick On Press the to topic: Loading The when the match the loaded. You off this from the Press the necessary. Select and Functions
Loading Capacity You this Select Select Press the to topic: Loading of or the the the of the type to this inches Bright White sheets A4 inches or inches sheets
type to this sheets sheets Double-sided Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
count Bright White inches S041586 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041405 inches S041982 inches S041331 inches S041062 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041067 S042038 S041271
Sheet count inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041568 inches S041341 Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided Quality A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 inches S041636 topic: Loading You S042180
or inches inches inches inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Brochure Double-sided
this Select this or Envelope The when from they apply to topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the Turning the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover.
the facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the them. originals creased or and or other that the
the ADF and then the the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. Then the the too tightly. If the Copy or A4, Copy the originals as shown. topic: the Product Related (ADF) Specifications
Turning the Related topics Copying Scanning The that the You off this from the Press the necessary. Select and Functions You this Select Select Press the to topic: the Product
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or Copying and Restoring Related Copying CD/DVD You or and of including or photo the or the ADF. the to the recommended of sheets. Press the necessary. Select Copy
Copying To than or to the to Select or B&W to and necessary. ready to the To Copying Copying Copying topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Related topics Loading the Product Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White High Quality Iron-on Cool Quality Double-sided
Copying Copying type topic: Copying or the that matches the loaded. You these inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Copying or Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option Varying the or of
Copying option Copying 1>1-Sided the and ADF to 2>2-Sided 1>2-Sided With around the Expands the to the of the A4, Copy originals sheet Copy originals sheet A4, of or of or Reduce/Enlarge Custom Automatically the the Automatically the to the selected and other Automatically from to another Selects the the
Copying option the selected type Source Rear or the feed Text text Text that includes text and photograph Quality only) Quality the highest the of originals when or 1>2-Sided selected) Direction Edge the of originals when 2>1-Sided Top Edge selected)
Copying and Restoring Copying option Margin Edge the of when 1>2-Sided Top Edge selected) the amount of or appear the front of the when the Clear the to the topic: Copying or You the as them. the Press the button, necessary. Select More Functions Select Copy/Restore
Select On to the the LCD instructions the Press the Press or to or of the to If originals the the or right arrow to the then or to or of the to To and or of the following: To the and the To the then To B&W to the then the B&W To or photo, then the displayed the LCD to ready to the To topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Copying Copying Related the Related topics Loading
from with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software checking and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting or Checking Selecting topic: from the the or to photo or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of the Source where the to Select the of the as the You the to to the
If photo, You to options You type and to without the Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the option. To of or sheets of of the the and the options To and their the To reduce when Paper/Bright White To To as that and combined with other Source Quality topic: with Related
Source Quality or Related Selecting Double-sided You of the options the Source to the that Selection Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the and switches to when empty. Rear Selects the the as the CD/DVD Selects the CD or DVD as the topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. text and High and graphics with high quality. More that choose of and topic: Selecting
Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and options. Prints sheets of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting of the 2-Sided options the options pre-selected or other chosen or the of the following options 2-Sided (Long-edge to the the (Short-edge to the the (Long-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that duplexing). (Short-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that Click the
You this Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the
You this Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided topic: with Related Selecting You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the
Margin Select options that to allow Selects whether the front or back Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided
Selecting Additional and You of and options or the More To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and
Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to To the following features, the to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with cast, such as to off to the effects.
and Additional ICM using Turns off software software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase visibility. Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Additional Prints the rotated from its High reduce quality. the printed to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the
Selecting Preset These with You to the following information: The and from the topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More
Selecting You the the of the to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with You that apply to the to
Access the and right-click the the Select Click the You the Click the
You this Select of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the the of as they printed. EPSON and and other Prevents the of the the incorrect, reduce Thick and from smearing when or other thick
or each containing the title, and RAW Datatype Increases and other Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that text or Reduces the of to Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM Matching Allows to ICM the Source Prints the the rather than the topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
You such as this Click OK or to topic: with
Checking Selecting this showing the of It allows to and To To To topic: with the apply while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To often the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with You with OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS
Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from the basic the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
the and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the
You these the Source to from. Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the options. Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related Selecting OS
Source OS Quality OS OS or OS You of the options the Source to from that Selects the as the Selects the as the Rear Selects the the as the topic: Selecting OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with quality. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and Quality the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen.
Selecting OS If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the horizontally. If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to the Quality to Normal You type and to without the
Selecting OS Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related references You of options or photo selecting from the the To of the of the Sheet To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or
Selecting Double-sided OS topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the options pre-selected or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided
and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the and OS topic: with OS You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided to bound the of the
OS Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting OS You the and to the or turn off software. Select Matching from the the of the options.
and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the of the and OS topic: with OS You from these the Matching and EPSON software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software using software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and or
Preferences OS You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or Thick and Prevents from smearing when or other thick that that text or temporary Allows to when expended.
or OS Switching Automatically switches to the other when of the of High reduce Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when shared topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS
Checking OS Related Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS the of and Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the
Product To the to the To the To the To the then the topic: or OS If to the LCD topic: from
Scanning Starting Scan Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, of these Starting Scan the Product Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You to buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or the software to from the the firewall or security software. Press the necessary. Select Scan
The options displayed: to then the Scan to Memory Card memory and the quality, and other Scan to to that with To this account with Scan to (JPEG) directly to or as OS X. Scan to (PDF) as PDF to or as OS X. Scan to Computer and to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as Scan to (WSD) wireless or only).
Scan to Memory Card To this first WSD Services Devices) the to to. To to connected to If connected directly to with USB USB If connected to the from the Press the to scanning. Scan to Memory Card Scan topic: Starting Scan Related Scan to the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options JPG Selects the type PDF JPG Selects or black-and-white B&W Decreases or increases 2-Sided Scanning the ADF On PDF
Scan Scan to Memory Card options Scan Selects the or Text Selects the type of Photograph Selects the the of originals Direction Edge the of originals Top Edge topic: Starting Scan the Product You or the when to using the buttons. You this the of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and with A4 or the or OCR highest
Starting Scan the Scan the or Select (OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Starting Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or
You Scan this: topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS
Starting Scan from Scanning Related topics Selecting Scan You Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly.
You Scan this: Scan when first topic: Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and You based the type of scanning. You options, and and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan Related Selecting the Scan
Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Office Scanning Scanning Professional Office Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the
You this Select the that matches
Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF-Double-sided If the ADF, from the Select the and that match Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the necessary and OK Scan and the the selected or it If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Source Office Selecting Scan Office You these Source options Scan Office Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. Automatically where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
Scanning the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. You the when Scan and as the
You this Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to text OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the
of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically.
Selecting Scan Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where
Scanning Professional To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The only the of the that scanned. To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary.
Scan and Professional as the
You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF Double-sided If using the ADF, from the Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose as the Source Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional
Source Professional Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You these Source options Scan Professional Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional
Selecting Scan Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to
of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Professional To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the
Selecting Scan Professional Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The only the of the that scanned. To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The
Scan To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the Turns or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the thumbnail preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as
If the using Scan's to increase the You the its image-editing Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to text (OCR): topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed
Scanned and Optional Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS using or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS PRINT Matching II or that include PRINT Matching II and the the displays the
Scanning with OS TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If using the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS X, with image-editing such as With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR scanning software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where other as necessary.
Scan OS Scanning Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS X. Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. and reduce topic: Scanning with OS software offers options to Scanning to Destinations Scan Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan
Scanning to Destinations Scan Scanning Scan topic: Scanning You or and them to Facebook and other such as photo-sharing or using Scan. If Scan included software CD, To Scan, U.S. or Scanning Scan Scanned to Scanned to Uploading Scanned to Scanned to Uploading Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to JPEG TIFF and topic: Scanning You Scan to easily the and them to or other With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or scanning. of the following to Scan: to the Apps and Scan Select and OK necessary.
(other Click or and or Select Software and Scan Select and OK necessary. OS the Applications Software and Scan Select and OK necessary. You this: Click the Scan scanning Click Scan the that appears to The displayed the Scan with To the of the the the of the the and the To the the and of the displayed the Scan information options.
Scanned to these each to scanning, of the to the You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related the You account with Scan and to Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account, necessary, and to Click On the Application Authentication to account. To the option
Scanned to Select from the If the to Selection) to to Facebook account, and try If to directly Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the Destination field and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account, necessary, and to Click On the Application Authentication account. Click to allow Scan to to account. authentication Copy the authentication the Please authentication field and OK
Scanned to Select from the If the to Selection) the to account, and If to directly option the Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the Destination field and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and to only). Scan Scan. Click the
You this: You with Scan. If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to Select from the If to directly Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options
Scanned to If to the to the Copy the image(s) to checkbox and If to the or the Destination and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to the account information the and Select option the the Briefcase to the Briefcase appear the the field. If the of existing the to that If the with that created.
Scanned to If to existing with the with the the with the Click to whether the account information correct. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the Destination field and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You to Scan. Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to the URL the field. the information the and If to existing with the with the the with the Click to whether the account information correct. the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options
Scanned to If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the Destination and the and OK Click to the to or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You to and them using Scan. With Scan Microsoft and Mail/Windows If of these applications, Scan the the Scan Scan. Click the You this:
Scanned to With OS X, and text the If already Scan, them using the Destination field. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options of the following: Click to choose the where to the Then OK to the to the and or to the operation. OS If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and Then or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You to Scan. Scan using Scan. Click the You this:
JPEG Select the the from the or If there options the selected and the options Click or the to choose the where to the Click OK to the to the or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You from the following the JPEG Scan. The the operating Quality the The increases with higher OS X)
TIFF and Encoding the Embed ICC Profile Allows the ICC (information of to the that software the of the the ICC topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan You from the following the TIFF Scan. The the operating from the top to the when browser. then with higher
Scanning to PDF the operating where the used. the of that included the and The increases with higher Embed ICC Profile Allows the ICC (information of to the that software the of the using the ICC topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan
You the Select PDF as the Select other to the Click the to Click OK
Scan and this Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the using the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character screen indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or it If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the Scan
Restoring Colors as You Scan Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan You the as them Scan's Restoration You this of the restoration Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Scan the Scan Selecting the Scan the Related topics Selecting Scan
Connecting Telephone or these sections to using This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and You to telephone to or If to the telephone to telephone or to If telephone to to to and to the LINE
If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or DSL or ISDN the DSL Telephone DSL DSL ISDN
ISDN or ISDN router ISDN numbers) ISDN or ISDN router If telephone or to the from the EXT
to telephone or and to the EXT If and turned the of to that higher than the of or connected to the EXT to incoming when the phone with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: Related Automatically Selecting and with header and the to If of to the and the Product the the OS
the Product Selecting Country or topic: these sections to features the Selecting Country or Selecting the and Information and Characters Selecting and Selecting Communication Reports Restoring Security topic: Related the the OS faxing, the country or which If the country or to their and them Press the necessary.
Select Select Select Country/Region or necessary, then country or You If the correct, (If and retry.) the country or the to the
Selecting the and topic: the Product faxing, the and daylight phase and choose and Press the necessary. Select Select Daylight Select the that to winter or Daylight (DST) or and Daylight (DST) selection, to the If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock from to it its clock back
Information Select the to the to the then Select the to the to the AM or PM selected 12-hour then You to the topic: the Product faxing, and to the header to the of the Press the necessary.
Select and Select Select Select the to the such as or business You to characters. Select
You to the Select the to to characters. international that of the phone the Select You to the topic: the Product Related and Characters
and Characters Follow these to and characters and To text or characters, the the the character or appears. To the the appears. To To the to the To the character, topic: the Product
Selecting and Selecting Communication You the and other incoming and outgoing Press the necessary. and Select or of the Press the to topic: the Product Related You and Press the necessary. Select
Reports and and Communication of the Press the to topic: the Product Related You of reports and and You the the or Press the necessary.
Select Select Advanced and of the Press the to the topic: the Product Related
Restoring You to their options, necessary. Press the necessary. Select and Select of the options. You or topic: the Product Related references the options to outgoing
and and of and art and Automatically the Manually the and to originals the ADF On Direct to as as the without the On to memory the On topic: the Product the options to Allows to should printed; telephone connected to the On Automatically and You this when or to
DRD If using Distinctive Service or phone to the and to each. If this service, the of as the DRD the of the and phone that this service. to to the of The If turned and connected to the this higher than the of to to the memory, or USB to to to Remote from whose connected to the You On first the topic: the Product the options to incoming Reduction On of incoming to the of selected as the Prints incoming or sheets,
Select On to On of specified of On the memory topic: the Product the options to On Prints the transmitted On Prints the the transmitted to the with of the first of the On On On (Every Prints each completed On Prints specified Format choose to reports or topic: the Product the options to phone
Security the header information to outgoing Tone Detection On Automatically the to when the tone the off tone this to Branch (PBX) or (TA) Fast(33,600bps) Medium(14,400bps) Slow(9,600bps) ECM On Turns Correction (ECM) to of with off Correction (ECM) PSTN the type PSTN phone PBX PBX office where such as to topic: the Product the Security options to Select On to or received memory On or memory; or of
the topic: the Product Select the to of the the and the header, and Network of the Network of the the the and of the the topic: the Product You header and the FAX of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX
You this Select (Select prompted.)
the OS You this Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: Related topics the Product You header and using the FAX OS X. the Apple or the Preferences Scan or the FAX option and Select and
and Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: Related topics the Product You of them faxing. You to to numbers. these sections to and Speed/Group the Product Speed/Group the
Speed/Group the Product Creating Speed/Group the OS topic: You and using the Creating Creating topic: and Related Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS You of to You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select
Select Contacts Select Select the to the the to the You to characters. Select You this the to the entry. You to characters.
Select You of the following: Select to the Select Select OK to to the the following as necessary: To and the To entry, To existing entry, the entry, and the information. To the Proceed and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related You easy reference. Press the necessary. Select
Creating Select Advanced and and Press the to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You creating Each include to numbers. You to and combined. Press the necessary.
Select Select Select Select Select the to the the to the entry. You to characters. Select Select the to to the and to selecting as necessary. finished, You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the entry, and the information. To entry, the entry, Proceed and the topic: Speed/Group the Product
Related Creating You easy reference. Press the necessary. Select Advanced and
Speed/Group the and Press the to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You and the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this
Select (Select prompted.) You this Select Dial/Group
You this Select and the To entry, and the To entry, it and the of the following: To and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics Speed/Group the Product
Speed/Group the OS You and using the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or the FAX option and Select and Double-click FAX necessary. You this FAX the Select Dial/Group
You this To entry, entry. To entry, and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the previous as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics Speed/Group the Product these sections to
from the Product Manually or from the Product the the OS topic: these sections to the Manually or Selecting from or from Connected Telephone Broadcasting topic: You from manually the or redialing the the faxing. Press the necessary. Select
Selecting from or of the following: Select the the LCD then the to the You to characters. Select to the If to and If and-white. Press the If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product Related Related and Characters Related topics the Product You from selecting or from the the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select Select Select the or to If to and If and-white. Press the If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product Related
from Connected Telephone Related topics the Product and If connected telephone to the EXT the from the connected telephone. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select the from the connected telephone. Select the LCD with the the telephone. If to and If and-white.
Broadcasting Press the If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the telephone. the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You easily to the using or or phone numbers. You the to to phone numbers. You black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary.
Specified Select Advanced Select Broadcast Select New then of the following: Select then the to manually numbers. Select Select From then or entry. the to necessary. finished selecting If to and Press the If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You of choice. You only black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select or from or Select Advanced Select Select On the to then If to and Press the If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the the specified You the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product Related topics the Product
the While these options. and and of and art and Automatically the the and to 2-Sided originals the ADF On Direct to as as the without the On to memory the On topic: from the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command. You this when or to
You this: Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click Print.
If the first this information that the of the Then OK to the information.
the OS You this: the and or from the then Next instructions the FAX Utility, Select and and then Next. Click to topic: You from OS using the FAX Utility. You to including cover the to
Select the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to Select from the
You this of the following to choose Select or from the and and the Click the and from Select from the
Reception You this Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Manually the LCD topic: and when reception to If telephone to the phone and to manually. This allows to the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to
Automatically topic: To and automatically, the to turned or To or off, If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or If telephone connected, and to that to the LCD displays that topic: Related Related Manually
Manually the LCD You to manually turning off This tone the connected telephone the connected the If hear the LCD Press the then the Press the to the topic: You memory and them the LCD To rather than them, to Press the necessary. If received, the Select Inbox Select the to You the the the following, as necessary: To the the right arrow To the the To the and the You the and or the or them to the memory from the memory or topic: Related
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card memory the memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. Memory light force the the the it The memory light flashes and then the memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory
Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with You the following the memory SD SDHC SDXC topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to to 2GB of to topic: Memory Card
Memory Card from Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing. If connected to using USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the or the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and from Memory Card Cards topic: Memory Cards With Product
and and From the LCD these sections to and LCD and From the LCD Screen Displayed the LCD Memory Card Memory Card Memory Card topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the necessary. Select of the following to To the thumbnail of the photo to then or to the of to Press the or right arrow to through and or the back to to the thumbnail and another photo. To Select Select then or to the of to Select when finished.
Displayed the LCD To based the they then of the shown. Select Proceed the thumbnail, then or to the of to To of the following as the To or photo, the of the photo to then the necessary OK then OK when finished. To the appearance brightness and of the of photo, and the finished, the back To to and white or the of photo, and the finished, the back To the then the finished, the back button. ready to the To topic: and Related Memory Card Memory Card Related Displayed the LCD If to or displayed the LCD the thumbnail of the to and the options. To the photo, to the or to the outward. To the the arrow buttons. To the To the OK
Memory Card topic: and Select the options to when and the LCD The only the of the the options On Automatically the brightness, and of the photo based the Detection that selected. off below P.I.M. PRINT Matching or Detection the of the option that matches People photo Landscape Night Red-Eye Automatically the On On Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: and
Memory Card Select the options to when the LCD options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Prints Source Prints Prints and then when the first the and type of both when selecting this option) Prints the feed Rear Expands the to the of the around the With Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the the the
Memory Card options Info. On Prints that Text Prints text that Prints location information photo that built-in GPS On Automatically the photo to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to Clear Clears topic: and Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White High Quality Iron-on Cool Quality Double-sided
from Memory Card type topic: and You or from memory of photo photo Press the necessary. Select More Functions
Select Sheet to of the then the option Select the type, and then Proceed If to choose and of of the following: Select to allow to the the automatically. Select Manually to the manually. Select the to then Proceed If chose to the manually, follow the instructions the LCD to and the then Proceed Press or to the of to to then Proceed Select as necessary. ready to the To topic: from Memory Card
Cards Creating and Card Template Select the to when Prints or or or the or of the ID Prints Prints photo the of Prints to topic: from Memory Card You memory or other and handwritten or photo and template Then the and cards. Creating and Card Template Card from Template topic: from Memory Card and memory Press the button, necessary. Select More Functions
Card from Template Select Card Select Select and Template the then Proceed Select then to three or to Select then the type of to Select the other as necessary, then Proceed ready to template the topic: Cards Related Memory Card Related topics Loading template printed, to and
or to the and the Text and Text Effects. within the You write hand, and the or the that photo (lower) this inches or this inches Select Cards from Template (If the option, the and More Functions Card Cards from Template Follow the instructions the LCD to the template facedown the with the facing the front right corner. the cover, then Proceed To than or to the to ready to the To necessary. topic: Cards
Memory Card From from Memory Card to Related Creating and Card Template You to and from memory memory From from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory memory from the Press the necessary. Select and Sharing Select the type the and topic: Memory Card Related Removing Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory connected to
memory memory of the following to memory from the or then the OS with USB the or then OS with Select the or the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card
with Product from Selecting and Follow the instructions these sections to with such as smartphone, or other from or from USB or Selecting Network If that PictBridge directly from the to JPG and from to the of of type, and supported, and the Selecting and Connecting and from from Wirelessly topic: with Product from and the the of the photo, the Press the necessary. Select
and Select the to the back
Select Select the to Press the to ready to and topic: from these options when from options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected
options Source Prints Prints Prints and then Expands the to the of the With around the Prints the selected of and or CD/DVD or Prints the or of the ID Prints Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white the which the On Prints the which the Info. Text Prints text that Prints location information that built-in GPS when the first the and type of both when selecting this option)
options On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to CD of Selects and CD the when from topic: Selecting and Select these photo options when from The the of the photo, the options On the and of the based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M PRINT or Detection the of the option that matches People Night CDs/DVDs from
Connecting and from options Red-Eye the On Automatically the off the tone to the or photo B&W black-and-white to the or Brightness photo Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: Selecting and the memory from the the to
from Wirelessly the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to Turn Follow the instructions that with to and off and it from the topic: from Related Removing Memory Card Related topics Loading You from using wireless to and PictBridge (DPS IP). memory from the the to Turn
or from USB or USB Specifications Connecting and USB or the wireless the that with the connected to the as the You Network to Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the topic: from You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product You that these specifications. JPEG with the to to 2GB of to topic: or from USB or or the the of
Selecting Network memory from the the to USB or the USB that with the USB the front of (such as CD) necessary. Select the to from the LCD the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or Related topics from Memory Card You from such as TVs and that with the DLNA Network Association) and the the information about from with the Press the button, necessary. Select and NW Select the to the back Select Select the to Press the to topic: with Product
Coloring You turn photo or or or stationery with photo background. Coloring Graph and You from memory or from or the of these of inches or A4 inches Bright White only) Press the necessary. Select More Functions
and Coloring of the following: Select or to from facedown the the front right corner. Select Memory Card to from memory then photo. Select Proceed Select and the and type of that loaded. Select Source and where If necessary, the following to the or Detection to the amount of the ready to the To topic: Related Memory
Related topics Loading the Product You or with of the background. inches or A4 inches memory memory Press the necessary. Select Functions and Personal Stationery
Select Writing Select of the following Without the thumbnails to each option to the Select the of loaded. Select the to then Proceed To the to Proceed To than or to the to ready to the To topic:
Graph and Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You sheets and or and inches or A4 inches Press the necessary. Select More Functions and Stationery
Select of the following Thin Graph the thumbnails to each option to the the of loaded. to Proceed To than or to the to ready to the To topic: Related topics Loading
You and or monthly from inches or A4 inches Press the button, necessary. Select More Functions and Stationery Select of the following to with hourly Monthly monthly chosen month and the thumbnails to each option to the If chose Monthly the and month and Select the and Source the to to Proceed To than or to the to
ready to the To topic: Related topics Loading
CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD Follow the instructions to CDs or to CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD Removing Printed CD/DVD CD/DVD the Copying CD/DVD from Memory Card CD/DVD from Memory Card CDs/DVDs from You of the following features to CD/DVD and Copy existing CD/DVD CD/DVD to from memory CD/DVD and from the CD software You to with from memory topic: Related Copying CD/DVD from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD from Memory Card You CDs or including the CD/DVD while the or other operations. or the of the CD/DVD become or scratched.
If where the to within inch of the to the the or CD software. or from or from that the CD follow the instructions to CD. the the nothing the then necessary. the front cover.
the CD/DVD from the of the CD or DVD the CD/DVD with the
Printed CD/DVD the the the the the and the the Select Ready and OK The CD/DVD of off the with CD or DVD the first. topic: CD or DVD printed, the automatically.
the CD/DVD when and then CD or DVD from the Select OK the CD/DVD the the of the the CD or DVD You to to hours the to the type of used. from and sunlight. topic:
CD/DVD the Copying CD/DVD You CD or DVD the and the another CD or DVD. the cover. CD or DVD facedown the of the the cover to topic: You photo or CD/DVD directly CD or DVD. If first Press the necessary. Select More Functions and CD/DVD Copy Follow the instructions the LCD to CD, DVD, or the then Proceed If necessary, the and of CD as shown the then Proceed
You this Select CD/DVD You and follow the instructions the to the finished to to instructions, then CD/DVD the the CD/DVD, Ready the OK Select as ready to the To topic: Related Loading CD/DVD CD/DVD the the
from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD Related topics Loading You or from memory directly CD/DVD. If first memory the memory Press the necessary. Select More Functions and CD/DVD Select and Proceed Follow the instructions the to photo or the to the and outer of CD, the necessary, then Proceed
You this Select CD/DVD You and follow the instructions the to the finished to to instructions, then CD/DVD the the CD/DVD, Ready the CD necessary, then the to To topic: Related Loading CD/DVD Memory Card Related topics Loading
from Memory Card You photo from memory to CD/DVD You to the printed, and to memory memory the to Press the necessary. Select More Functions Select and of the following: to the of the to or thumbnail the Select type, and then Proceed Follow the instructions the LCD to and the of the necessary. ready to the To
from CD printed, and following the topic: Related Memory Card Related topics Loading directly CDs or from as the and the CD software. Starting CD CD/DVD Starting CD OS CD/DVD OS topic: Related Loading CD/DVD You CD to importing and creating effects. Select the CD
CD/DVD You this: the the of the to template or background or graphic information, the finished creating and topic: from Related CD/DVD it to then the CD or DVD that or the CD and
Starting CD OS You this: selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the Click If to the or the CD instructions. topic: from Related CD You CD to and creating effects.
CD/DVD OS the CD the Applications Software CD You this: the the of the to background or graphic finished creating topic: from Related CD/DVD OS to then the CD or DVD that or the CD and from the
You this: selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the If to the or quality, the CD instructions. topic: CDs/DVDs from Related CD OS
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD Screen expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of responsibly and with If to to please to information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges and Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of LCD Press the necessary.
Checking Cartridge with Select Select The displayed. Displayed Select OK or the to topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges appears to when and To the and the the
You this or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences
You this the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS You the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and Select EPSON You this: the following as necessary: To the
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase within months of the Black 277XL Standard-capacity High-capacity
Removing and Cartridges 277XL 277XL 277XL Light 277XL Light 277XL topic: Purchase Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. that the CD/DVD Turn If expended, the LCD which to and Proceed then choose If the LCD Cartridge Press the Standard-capacity High-capacity
the the head hand; otherwise, the white the the to the replacing. Then the of the to
Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, it and right of the reach of the using the that with of the or to the from the the shown Doing and
the from the and the or of them. other or or the head first the Then the of the clicks
With Black and Cartridges Once the that replacing, the The the This the LCD If incorrectly, the and the clicks finished, the If the using the that with to the from and to the surrounding from smeared the the as the the with the of the head and to topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges expended, temporarily from using the as as You with
With Cartridges With Cartridges OS With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or To this Click or to If the appears another to the the or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges If and to temporarily with or Click the the
If that temporarily with the to OS Click the to If displayed, OK If the appears another to the the the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or You this: Select On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the
Conserving Black with Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Grayscale option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to using the the Click this to using the If this the topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the the CD/DVD sheets of the
Press the necessary. Select Select Press the The printed.
Checking the the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there the head clean. Select If there or the Clean the Head Follow the instructions the to the head. If cleaning the head to the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Cleaning the Head the Product Loading Related topics Cartridges You the head using or
of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and Select You this: Click
Head Cleaning the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Cleaning the Head Loading Related topics Cartridges If and the the head. You clean the head expended, and to when You the first.
Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges You the head the the CD/DVD sheets of the Press the necessary. Select Select
Cleaning the Head Select Head Cleaning Press the to the head. You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, the LCD Select then the to and that the head clean. If cleaning the head to the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Checking the the Product Loading Related topics Cartridges You clean the head or there the LCD and the CD/DVD
of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and Select Head Cleaning You this: Click to the cleaning You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or
the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to the and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Checking the Loading Related topics Cartridges
Head the Head the Product If become or blurry, of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality You the head using the the CD/DVD sheets of the Press the necessary. Select Select
the Head Head Press the to while head the and the the each Select when finished. topic: Head You the head or the CD/DVD of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and Select Head
Click Next then to while head You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the representing the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to
Cleaning the Path topic: Head If the back of the to of the the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should the and front cover when using the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the connected the ADF cover.
cloth (microfiber recommended), to clean the and the of the ADF. the ADF cover. the cover.
Clean the and the the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force.
Press the and the dry,lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), to the the of the the then the cover. Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product
Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from the its this the Turn off the the and to the head the right (the If turn the the head to then the off the to the with the white the otherwise, the
the from the memory the the connected the cover, the the ADF input and the ADF output Then the the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software these sections to using Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of
Product OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic: You often with the its LCD You information and how-to instructions the Press the necessary, the or right arrow and then LCD Turn the occurred. Turn the off and then back If the off and If there canceled. The memory or the and while necessary. You or the You to the the indicated the LCD following cartridge(s). If AirPrint. Also, about or type the and type of Communication the connected to and software correctly. connected. The near the of their service and the nearing the of its displayed the replaced. (To service life. Please the Support.
Product LCD The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service life. Please Support. Combination of IP There with the to the and this Recovery occurred firmware USB and try the firmware If this The the and the that the of reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The LCD, or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the authorized service The user-replaceable topic: Related Where to Related Selecting the Each Source Related topics Network operating properly. interface connected to the Press the necessary.
Select Select Select Press the The printed. of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected
the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Select and
Select of these options: the and Communication the header, and Network Network and You Select to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic: If hear from the following: The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished approximately off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related Where to
Software Network If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related OS If the these To LCD text the To the of the or topic: Related LCD these or using
Product to Wireless Router or Access or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network topic: Related Product If or connecting to wireless router or try these to within of router or microwave or such as that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or Check to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless using of the and to necessary.
Network Software Product Network If Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to using Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the topic: Network If these and connected to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. If necessary, software and to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the the instructions the If router, software to to the router. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related topics or Wired
Product Not Appear OS Network If appear the OS try these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. If the wirelessly and the appear LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Uninstalling Product Software OS If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both using the wireless If sheet and the strength. If to router or or such as to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function.
Scan Network If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely to and to router, switch, or to or router, switch, or connecting with Ethernet to from another the If the and the appear the LCD, software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network If Scan these If from the software. the firewall or security software. If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and try restarting Scan the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the
Copying Product Nothing (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning these copying with Product Nothing Product It While Not From the topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly.
Product It While Not From the topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying If originals when the ADF, these the ADF appears the LCD If the the and of originals the ADF. the originals correctly. cleaning the of the ADF. topic: Copying Related (ADF) Specifications Related the Cleaning Product these sections with the Product the the or Rear the Ejection topic:
the Product If feeding these If from the feed or then the the the the the to the rear feed If once, the the to the sheets, and than the of sheets. the specifications If when both of the try sheets. If from the without printed, first then the of follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity the Product the the or Rear Cover Related topics Loading If that the follow the or the LCD to clear the the necessary. from the
the and the white the the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic:
the Related the the or Rear the If that the follow the or the LCD to clear the the necessary. both then the the the as If the arrows the right Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic:
the or Rear Cover Related the Product the or Rear the If that the or rear cover, follow the or the LCD to clear the the necessary. Press the to release the and from from the from the
the and from the Follow the the LCD screen to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the the
the If with the (ADF), follow the below or the LCD to clear the the necessary. originals from the ADF. the ADF cover, then the ADF the
the ADF cover then the Press the and the
the the and the ADF cover. the ADF as shown.
Ejection from beneath the ADF. the ADF. the ADF its originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the the or Rear If with properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic:
from Nothing Prints Related or the Product the the or Rear the these sections while from AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and
Product Appear Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the
Cartridge topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and turned off. Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software.
and Select the increased Click the and the following High RAW Datatype as topic: from Related OS or Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Selecting Preferences OS these sections with the or of using AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout
Inverted Too topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Related Selecting Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Selecting OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear try these reprinting: securely connected both from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and If connected to USB directly to instead. If incorrect characters appear try connecting topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and
Printout Quality Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Head Related Selecting Selecting OS these sections with AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading Cartridges If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or the
to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly If thick or the Thick from the or Thick and the of the software. (Turning this each sheet from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of sheet or that first. the and/or Increase Drying to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Check Head Cleaning Related Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Double-sided Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS
Printout or Printout Printout Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or these to of the head Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related references or Related Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading Cartridges If these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software.
Incorrect Colors to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software If the to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software.
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly and topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS OS Related topics Cartridges these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or
Scan topic: Scanning Related to Uninstall Product Software Related OS Related Scanning with OS If Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected scanning power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or
Scanned Quality Consists of topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Too of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges topic: If consists of these facing the If using the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Professional
of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Related topics the Product If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or blurry, try these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality
Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or warped cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too try these these Scan and Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality
Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the and of and the software using to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Professional
Scanned Edges Cropped Memory Card Memory Card Not or from Memory Card or If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card or Access Memory Card From Networked To or From Memory Card or topic: If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory or USB try these memory or with the the memory or the If too memory or the or prompted to of the of
Access Memory Card From Networked To or From Memory Card or or of the specifications the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related Memory Card If memory from connected to the Memory Card to the Trash. the Trash and the topic: Memory Card If to or from memory or USB these memory or with the securely connected to If to memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the that the correctly. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related topics Memory Card these with
or or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or these the and correctly header information and ID. might rejected the turned to automatically. to this turned that the telephone to LINE using or software to the that the telephone connecting phone to and testing If there tone and connected the to PBX Branch phone or the to PBX If off the off the tone (Turning off the tone the to the first of If connected to DSL DSL to the phone to the DSL the If telephone off correction and lowering the correction (ECM) turned trying to or If and off to of incoming and reading or them. If the inbox the
with Telephone Connected to Product to Uninstall Product Software If connected to that to that when using If includes services, or service. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the LCD Selecting Communication Reports Loading If when telephone connected to these telephone to EXT the to that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic:
Uninstalling Product Software You and then software to Turn off the Disconnect interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall or the and and Uninstall and Uninstall/Change XP the utility. Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software
Uninstalling Product Software OS Where to to software However, the from the to software as If that software To the utility, the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the
of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to information to products OS Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications USB Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3
OS Scanning Specifications (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications type CIS Photoelectric inches Scanning US or A4
(ADF) Specifications Specifications Color: Light LED topic: Technical Specifications US or A4 type to Loading thickness: inch topic: Technical Specifications black-and-white and (ITU-T type telephone and PBX Branch telephone to internal internal) Black-and-white: internal Approximately (US or A4) or
Specifications memory to (ITU-T chart (with specifications country and RJ-11 Interface topic: Technical Specifications Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or topic: Technical Specifications inch inch inch inch inch inch RJ-11 Telephone to Envelope to
Specifications the shown to the Margin: inch Quality inch Quality inch sheets
Cartridge Specifications Quality inch Quality inch Left/right inch Top/bottom inch Quality inch Quality inch topic: Technical Specifications that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Light Light
Memory Card Specifications months Cartridge to F to C) within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge Cards with Compatible types/Maximum 2GB 32GB type, type and 5V); supply topic: Technical Specifications Unopened the the month F C) F C) thaws and hours F C) 2GB 32GB 64GB SD: 2GB SDHC: 32GB SDXC: 64GB
USB Specifications Specifications Related Memory Card Specifications with the following Dedicated Security USB only with AC that USB recommended. the of externally connected CD-ROM/CD-R 700MB DVD-ROM/DVD-R 4.7GB 1.3GB and USB 2TB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches CD-RW DVD-RW, DVD+R, DVD+RW, and inches inches inches
Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications (without cord, or CD/DVD topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to Rated Rated copying: (ISO/IEC24712) (USB Ready Approximately topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) to RH (without to RH topic: Specifications USB USB and USB PictBridge off Approximately to F to C) month F C)
Interface Specifications the of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications IEEE Security WEP Coordination Ethernet (10BASE-T) Communication Connector RJ-45 Security SSL/TLS: HTTPS IPPS topic: Technical Specifications WPA-PSK (AES); with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 IEEE Direct IEEE AP with and Ethernet (100BASE-TX) connected should
and Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6320-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to information to products Product Instructions FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the only the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the where the easily the outlet the as photo or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or to and top of and allow to or to the straight each If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the outlet the off the the and the light flashing the or off to the If the the from the the that its It properly or
Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the heat or sunlight. enough around the or the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. connecting the to or other with the of the the both connected the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the scanning, or other to when closing the cover or as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the Removing the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the
Cartridge Instructions LCD Instructions or the its or otherwise Cartridge Instructions LCD Instructions Telephone Instructions Wireless Instructions topic: Notices of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from the IC the of the This operation. their packages; this them to If the the that with to the from and to the surrounding from smeared the its This the head. cool, from allow to least three hours topic: Product Instructions only cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them
Telephone Instructions Instructions FCC immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Product Instructions telephone should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and injury, including the following: the using telephone There of shock from telephone to the of the To reduce the of fire, AWG or cord. topic: Product Instructions To affecting the of the following and causing the Near facility. Within inches of Near such as or fire topic: Product Instructions United States This with of the FCC and the the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If this to the
Applicable Universal Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the telephone the that temporary of service required. isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary. The its operations or that the of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the If connecting this to telephone please Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the telephone the telephone that the the This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this If about what or
The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or to this information the below instructions header information. According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications.
Software Notice The of the of to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) (IES) interface interface tous CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices Related Information This includes software to the terms of each software the of of such software the of of this If to the please the of You comply with the terms of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which the The terms of each software the topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON and TM of Corporation. SM service of America, Inc.
Copyright Notice TM and Remote TM of Corporation. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. and the of Apple Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice Inc.
CPD-41233 topic: Copyright Notice