WF-2650
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the basic of the Product Locations and Other and More these sections to learn about the and and Lights Characters the LCD LCD Turning Sounds the topic: Product
The and light The The The The LCD The arrow buttons and the OK The back The The The B&W The topic: the displayed the LCD the the ADF occurred or the searching established; the of the established Direct established AP established Not connected to
Characters the LCD LCD AP and Direct topic: and Lights Follow these to characters and other To or the buttons the repeatedly to through characters. To or the of the or arrow To the character, the arrow To the right arrow topic: the You the the LCD Press the or arrow button, and the OK
Turning Sounds the You this: Press the arrow button, Common and the OK Press the arrow and the OK Select and the OK topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the button, necessary. Press the or arrow and the OK button. Press the arrow Common and the OK Select Sound and the OK Select Press and the OK Press the arrow the sound turned off, then the OK Press the to topic: the You the of the LCD Press the or arrow and the OK
Product Locations You this: Press the arrow Common and the OK Select LCD and the OK Press the or arrow to the Press the OK to topic: the these sections to the Product Top and Product Path Product Product topic: Product
Product Top and ADF (ADF) input Edge ADF
cover topic: Product Locations
Product Path Edge topic: Product Locations
Product Cartridge topic: Product Locations
Product and Other the Rear cover USB AC LINE EXT topic: Product Locations and off the LCD of You the shorter and other options to and the the the topic: Product You the to the
the The the Common This If or this Press the or arrow and the OK button. You this: Select On and the OK button. Press the arrow as necessary. Press the OK to You the the of the LCD to that topic: and Other You the and off the LCD The the Common This If or this Press the or arrow buttons, and the OK Press the arrow Common and the OK Press the arrow and the OK
the You this: the to the of Press the or right arrow buttons to the as necessary. Press the OK topic: and Other You the off specified of This If or this Press the arrow and the OK You this: Press the arrow Common and the OK
and More Press the arrow and the OK Select and hours), and the OK button. topic: and Other You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to from anywhere: Print, Remote Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product Related With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or to and to network as this the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More Related topics
the Remote Scan to this Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or as this the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics With Remote software or to anywhere the as this the below. to learn about and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Remote Select the and choose the Remote topic: and More Related topics The Scan to service to that with
as this the below. instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to to the the Scan to service topic: and More Related topics allows to wirelessly to from the of and from OS or wireless as this the below. Apple to the wireless that from to the the Apple topic: Product Related topics
With Account, from Apple or to You from and the Chrome without or as this the below. and connected to the the to the that IP the the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: Product Related topics
Chromebook With Account, from without or as this the below. connected to wireless the Turn Chromebook and to the wireless as to of the following: Click to the that appears the of If to appears the the lower-right of the Click this to the then to and the to Click Click the that appears to Click the LCD screen displays Select OK or the OK button to the and to Account and from iPhone, or phone with access. information Print, topic: Related Selecting Wireless Network From the Direct WPS to to Network
Related topics
these sections to Direct Protected (WPS) Network or Network You to with wireless router or The wireless router or to wireless or wired Wireless router or
Selecting Network From the with wireless interface Ethernet only wired to the wireless router or Selecting Wireless Network From the topic: You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software. The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Press the or arrow and the OK You this Select and the OK the of wireless and the OK To the wireless manually, Other and the OK the to
wireless the The and to correctly and lowercase and or characters. To or the buttons the to through characters. To or the of the or arrow To the character, the arrow To the right arrow Press the OK when Confirm the displayed and the OK to them. If to the back If to of the buttons. the OK If the the appears the of the LCD topic: Related Characters the LCD
Direct You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless You of these to with or Access The acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD The one-to-one with another Direct operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other To from the Utility, Advanced Services Direct Direct topic:
Direct You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the or arrow and the OK You this Press the arrow Direct and the OK Press the arrow and the OK Press the arrow and the OK Press the arrow If already connected or to Direct, they when the
Direct the least and than characters To or the buttons the repeatedly to through characters. To or the of the or arrow To the previous character, the arrow To the right arrow Press the OK when finished You this Press the OK to the SSID and or wireless to the (SSID) the LCD and the shown. Press the OK to to the
Protected (WPS) WPS to to Network You the the LCD and should to directly to from or If the displayed the LCD Direct these to topic: Direct Related Characters the LCD If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic: If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the or arrow and the OK You this
Network Press the arrow (WPS) and the OK Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS Press the back to to the If the the appears the of the LCD topic: Protected (WPS) You to the of Press the or arrow and the OK You this Press the arrow Network and the OK Press the arrow button, Network and the OK Press the arrow and the OK
or Network Accessing the You this: Press of the buttons to the the shown the to topic: these sections to or to Accessing the USB to Connecting to New Router topic: You and its operating using You this built-in from or other that connected to the as the IP that the On or other connected to the as IP the You the
USB to Connecting to New Router topic: or Network Related Network If already connected to USB to or to wirelessly. of the following: If to the USB from With software. If to to USB the USB connected to Download and software from the using the instructions the topic: or Network If the wireless router using to to the router. If switch to wireless router, the router to and router instructions. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstalling Product Software
You to features type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the or arrow and the OK button. You this Press the arrow and the OK Press the arrow to topic: or Network
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading the Loading the Loading Capacity or Selecting the You of and the and necessary.
the the outward. If using or the and the
the to of the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tightly.
To feeding the fits beneath the top of the and too the Gently the The slightly as the This prompted the LCD the and type of the and the OK
the and the If or the or the follow these the recommended of first, which the facedown. or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related references Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the
Loading the You of and You these inches inches or inches the and necessary.
the the outward. the to
the as shown. the the and from the of the the the too tightly. To feeding the fits beneath the top of the and too the
the The slightly as the This prompted the LCD the and type of the and the OK
the output and the If or the or the follow these only the recommended of first, which the facedown. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the
Loading the You this inches the and necessary. the
the outward. and right as shown. To feeding too the the the too tightly. the the and sticking from the of the
Gently the The slightly as the This prompted the LCD Envelope the and Envelope the and the OK
Loading Capacity the and the follow these If of each or If when that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading the Loading the You of these the type Loading inches inches sheets
type Loading capacity sheet Bright White Double-sided Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON country. Sheet count Bright White inches S041586 Brochure inches S042384 inches S041341
count Brochure inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041467 inches S041257 S042180 inches S041067 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041062 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 S042038 S041271
count inches S041982 inches S041331 Quality A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You Brochure Double-sided Double-sided inches inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Loading
or Selecting the this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool Brochure Envelope The when from they apply to topic: Loading You the and type the the Press the or arrow and the OK Select and the OK Press the OK Select the and the OK button.
Source Selecting Universal Select the type and the OK Press the back Press the or arrow and the OK Press the OK to Source the to and the OK Press the to to the Source Selecting Universal topic: Loading Select the to Source On If or selected and the Switching selected loaded, the to A4, or A4 Notice Notice Select On to when the and type each and the Notice each match. topic: Selecting the You the the Press the or arrow buttons, and the OK
Universal You this Press the arrow and the OK You this the as necessary. finished, the back to to the topic: Selecting the Select the to Universal option Top the top or
option On Select On to automatically. topic: Selecting
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing the corner. the to the of the indicated corner.
the You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF outward.
of originals and them to the the originals the ADF and top-edge first. The ADF the LCD appears. the ADF the too tightly. topic: the Product Related (ADF) Specifications
Related topics Scanning Copying
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or Copying Copying You or and of including or photo the or the ADF. the to Press the necessary. Press the or arrow, Copy and the OK You this: To than or the or arrow Press the OK to and necessary. Then the back
Copying Copying ready to of the buttons. To the or topic: Copying Related references Loading Capacity Copying Copying Related topics Loading the Product Select the that matches the loaded. inches inches inches inches inches (ADF only) A4 inches topic: Copying Select the copying options to Not options or other copying
Copying option With around the or Expands the to the of the selecting of these and the necessary. ID Card both of ID of sheet of the of Custom Automatically the the Automatically the to the selected and Automatically from to another other the and ADF to 1>2-Sided Advanced and the 1>2-Sided originals or the of originals Quality Text the type of originals and selects the of Text Text Varying the or of or appear the front of the when the topic: Copying
from with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting or Selecting topic: from Select the basic the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the of the as the If photo, You to options You type and to without the Select the of If
Quality Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or sheets of of the the and the options To and their the To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White On the Quality topic: with Related or Related or Selecting Double-sided OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen.
Selecting Double-sided text and text and graphics with and High and graphics with high More that choose of and topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and options. Prints sheets of to Click the to and options. topic: Selecting You both of the selecting of the 2-Sided options the options pre-selected or other chosen or the
Select of the following options 2-Sided (Long-edge to the the (Short-edge to the the (Long-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that (Short-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that Click the
You this the options to Click OK to to the Click the
Double-sided You this Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided topic: with You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge that the Margin Select options that to allow
Selects whether the front or back Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided
Selecting Additional and You of and options or photo the More To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or photo as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the Select of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and
Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or turn off software. to You Universal To the following features, the to information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with Related or
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects.
and Additional ICM off software using software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Text Black Prints Text Prints text background or and Prints graphics and with Text, Graphs, and Prints graphics, and with Universal graphics, and Additional Prints the rotated from its High reduce
the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the These with You to the following information: The and from the topic: Selecting Additional and
Selecting to of the or More You clicking the Click the or You the the
Selecting of the to its of Click to its or of the options the to To choose Click OK topic: with You that apply to the to Access the and right-click the the Select Click the You the
Click the You this of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the EPSON and and other the of the the incorrect; reduce each containing the title, and white white that appear when
or RAW Datatype Increases and other Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to Prints graphics with screening Allow Applications to ICM Allows to ICM the Source Prints the the rather than the facedown 2-Sided facedown instead of topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
You such as this Click OK or to Checking topic: with
Checking Selecting this showing the of It allows to and To To To topic: or the apply while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with using OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from the basic the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the options: and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Quality OS OS Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related Selecting OS Printing or OS You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. Normal text and Normal text and with and text and graphics with and Quality text and graphics with increased and topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen.
Selecting OS If selected this option the to the of Prints and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to the Quality to Normal You type and to without the Select the of or as shown the If the
Selecting OS You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or photo selecting from the the To of the of the Sheet To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS
Selecting OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided options.
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS Related Selecting You of the options the Two-sided or to
OS Two-sided to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the Matching and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the options.
and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the options. Matching and OS topic: with OS You from these the and EPSON using software or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or red-eye sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If photo includes with such as to turn off to the effects. Turns off software only software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
Preferences OS You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or that that text or temporary Allows to when expended. High reduce quality.
or OS Checking OS white white that appear when Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the
Product You the Select the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the To the To the then the topic: or OS If to the topic: from
Scanning Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS or scanning, scanning using of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or Press the or arrow Scan and the OK button.
The options displayed: Press the or arrow buttons to option and the OK to that with as JPEG to or as OS X. (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the to To to first to connected to If connected directly to with USB the or arrow buttons to USB If connected to the or arrow buttons to the from the and the OK to scanning. Press the to scanning. Scan topic: Starting Scan Related Scan to Related topics the Product
Scan Starting Scan the Scan You or the when to the buttons. You this the of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select (OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Starting Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR
software. To Scan, U.S. or You Scan this: topic: Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics the Product Selecting Scan You Scan from to and the the With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly.
You Scan this: Scan when first topic: Starting Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Selecting the Scan Related topics the Product Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan the Scan to from the the right of the Scan
Scanning Office topic: Selecting Scan Office Scan PDF operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the
You this Select the Source indicating where Select the and that match
Source Office To allow Scan to and Correct To Select the that matches Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to Click the and of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Scanning Office Selecting Scan Scanning Professional You these Source options Scan Office
Selecting Scan Office Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. Automatically where the scanning. topic: Scanning Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the To of the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Office You these options Scan Office Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the checkbox. Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when scanning or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics.
Scanning Professional the red, or the that that text or Edge Corrects around the of the the with the select. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan PDF operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the
You this
the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where If the ADF, from the Select the type of as the or the of and as the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to Select of the to click the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan
Source Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Related Scanning Office Selecting Scan You these Source options Scan Professional Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the
of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Professional To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to click the Copy to the existing and the To the then the To the of the icons. If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the
Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. the red, or the Edge Corrects around the of the the with the select. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the
Selecting Scan Professional the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The
Scan To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. Normal displays their the and other manually. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's to increase the
You the its Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR): topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed
Click the Other the or Choose and If to the and the options Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK If selected PDF or as the this Scan Choose of the following If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished,
Scanned and Optional If to or the or the using the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the (The TIFF recommended when to or TIFF when to the allowing to the using PDF that and OS using or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite with the
Scanning with OS this Select to the appear Scan Select to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS X, with such as With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or editing such as from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scan OS Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You these OS X, Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Backlight Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. and reduce topic: Scanning with OS
Connecting Telephone or these sections to This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and You to to or If to the to telephone or to using If telephone to to
to telephone and to the LINE If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or DSL or ISDN the
DSL Telephone DSL DSL
ISDN ISDN or ISDN router
If connecting telephone or to phone the from the EXT
to telephone or and to the EXT If and to the of to that higher than the of phone or connected to the EXT to incoming when the with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: Related Automatically
the Product Selecting Country or with header and the to If of to the and the Product the the OS topic: these sections to using the Selecting Country or Selecting the and the Selecting the the of to Selecting Advanced Security Reports topic: Related the OS the faxing, the country or which using
Selecting the and If the country or to their and them This If or this Press the necessary. Press the or arrow and the OK Select Common and the OK button. You this Select Country/Region and the OK or necessary, to country or You If the correct, the arrow (If the arrow and retry.) the country or the to their topic: the Product faxing, the and daylight phase and choose and Press the necessary. Press the or arrow and the OK Select Common and the OK and the OK
the You this: Select the to the to the and the OK Select the to and the OK the to the and the OK Select and the arrow Select Daylight and the OK Select the that to winter or Daylight (DST) or and Daylight (DST) If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock hour. from to its clock back If necessary, and the the to the UTC (Coordinated Universal and topic: the Product You the basic the This when the turned the first You these individually from the Press the button, necessary.
Press the or arrow and the OK Select and the OK You this Select and the OK Press the arrow to the to the such as or business You to characters. Press the OK when the to to characters. Press the OK when On the Distinctive of the following: If to distinctive service from telephone the arrow Then, the to incoming and to If distinctive service, the arrow and to the Distinctive service allows to phone Each assigned You and another Select the assigned to the DRD If On or of the other than to of the following: If connected telephone or to the EXT the arrow and to the
If telephone or the arrow and to of the following: If connected telephone or to the EXT the arrow to manually or the arrow to them automatically. If connected and selected to automatically, the to correct. If to manually, to every and the or phone to If telephone or the arrow to automatically. telephone to the to otherwise Press the OK On the Confirm the and the OK (Press the back to or the On the Confirmation the OK to the and of the If there reported, try the the and the If the Select displayed, the type. If the Select Tone Detection displayed, the tone function the first of and the to the topic: the Product Related Characters the LCD
Selecting the If the to PBX Branch phone or the type. PBX office where such as to The PSTN Switched Telephone Network), which to the This If or this Press the button, necessary. Press the or arrow and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK button. You this If the to PBX PBX
the of to You this Select and the OK To the to the and the OK topic: the Product If and to automatically, the to correct. The of should higher than the of to Press the button, necessary. Press the or arrow and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK Select to and the OK You this
Selecting Advanced Select the of and the OK to higher than the of to The every than the the tones and If the phone and hear that the the then topic: the Product You the to receiving, and Press the necessary. Press the or arrow, and the OK Select and the OK You this Select the of to topic: the Product Related Security the options to incoming and outgoing
Fast(33,600bps) the which and Medium(14,400bps) Slow(9,600bps) ECM On Correction (ECM) to or off Correction or received. Tone Detection On the when the tone. off tone which the connected to PBX Branch or TA The the first of and the to the PSTN Selects Switched Telephone Network). PBX Selects Branch the type of phone office where such as to the header information outgoing topic: the Product the options to incoming whether incoming should printed; telephone connected to the Automatically and
Security Distinctive If Distinctive Service phone assign or to the and assign to each. If this service, the of the of phone that this service. to to the of If to and connected to the this higher than the of to Remote instead of operating the the On to this function, to If using whose connected to the the the the topic: the Product the security options to Clear Automatically or memory On Clear or memory; this function or of topic: the Product
Reports You from reports to whenever necessary. You the selecting Press the necessary. Press the or arrow and the OK button. Press the OK You screen this: Select the to and of the buttons. topic: the Product Related Select the or to of the or the that or through Trace the or topic: the Product
the You header and using the FAX of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this (Select prompted.)
the OS You this Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: Related topics the Product You header and the FAX OS X. the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or the FAX option and Select and
and Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: Related topics the Product You of and their them faxing. You to to the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS
the Product Creating topic: You and using the Creating Editing or Creating Editing or topic: and Related Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS You of to numbers. You to and combined. Press the necessary. Press the or arrow and the OK You this: Press the
You this: Press the the You this: You of and necessary. Select Entry and the OK the buttons the to the to the such as Then the OK
Editing or You this: the buttons the to the to characters), and the OK the buttons the to the to characters). If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the instead of the the necessary. Press the OK topic: the Product You or of the Press the necessary. Press the or arrow button, and the OK
Creating You this: Press the Contacts Select the to or and the arrow You this: of the following: To the and the arrow the To the follow the on-screen instructions. topic: the Product You of that easily to You to and combined. Press the necessary.
Press the or arrow and the OK You this: Press the Press the the You this: You of and necessary. Select and the OK
Editing or You this: Select the to the group, such as Then the OK the to the to characters), and the OK You Press the the each to include group. appears to each selected Press the OK to the group. topic: the Product You existing to or You the group. Press the necessary. Press the or arrow and the OK You this:
Press the You this: Select the to and the right arrow You this: of the following: To the group, the arrow and the OK To the group, and the arrow the as and the OK You of the group. To or the the Press the OK to the topic: the Product
Speed/Group the You and using the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this Select (Select prompted.)
You this Select Dial/Group
You this Select and the To entry, it and the To entry, and the of the following: To and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product
Speed/Group the OS You and using the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. the Apple or the Preferences Scan or the FAX option and Select and Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Dial/Group
You this To entry, entry. To entry, and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To and and OK To numbers, and OK the previous as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product
from the Product from the these sections to using from the Product the the OS topic: these sections to the from the from Connected Telephone topic: Related Related Selecting the Related topics the Product and You from the or selecting the from the or history. If restricted, the from the or history. You and white to the faxing. Press the necessary. Press the or arrow and the OK
You this: of the following: the using the the If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the instead of the Press the or from the and the OK Press the to the If to the OK and If and-white. Press of the buttons. To faxing, the and to necessary. the and the topic: from the Product While these options.
the and outgoing Automatically the of outgoing from Direct to as as the without the On to memory. You this when or to when to Not You to specified when the to On specified. Polling You another the You On from information service following the of the service. Prints temporarily the memory from the the of memory, the from the the inbox
from Connected Telephone Prints the Prints Prints the previous that or through Trace Prints of the memory, such as unfinished topic: from the Product If connected telephone to the EXT the from the connected telephone. If the phone and the to the the the faxing. Press the necessary. the from the connected telephone. to the necessary. Press of the buttons to with the the telephone Press of the to hear of the to the the telephone. If and-white. topic: from the Product Related references
Related topics the Product You of You only black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary. Press the or arrow and the OK You this: or from the and the OK If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the instead of the Select and the OK Select On the buttons the to and the OK Press the back Press of the buttons. To faxing, the
the the and the the specified If the turned off the specified the when back topic: from the Product Related references Related topics and the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command. You this:
Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click or OK If the first this information that the of the Then OK to the information.
the OS You this: the and or from the then Next instructions the FAX Utility, Select cover and and then Next. Click to topic: You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including cover the to
Select the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to Select from the
You this of the following to choose Select or from the and and the button. Click the and from from the
Reception You this Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually topic: and when the to If connected telephone to the and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to
Automatically Manually Polling topic: To automatically, to (the the To the necessary, If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or topic: Related Manually You to manually the to This tone the connected telephone the connected telephone the If hear the Press the of the to receiving the the telephone. topic: Related Automatically You to from another (such as information service). Press the necessary. Press the or arrow and the OK
You this: Press the OK button. Select and On Press the back the Press of the buttons to the topic:
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD expended, to You to that than months or their cleaning and the head. Please of and with If to to please to information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges Removing and Cartridges with Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of LCD Press the or arrow to and the OK Select and the OK
Checking Cartridge with You this: The which or expended, Displayed topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges appears to when and To the and the the
You this or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences
You this the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS You the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and and EPSON You this: the following as necessary: To the
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase within months of the Standard-capacity High-capacity Black 220XL
and Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity 220XL 220XL 220XL topic: Purchase Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to replaced, then OK and the arrow If the LCD the or arrow to and the OK Then Cartridge(s) and of the buttons.
the the white the the while the cover the the and the straight to of the or to
Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of Gently the four or as shown. Then the from the or or the the the immediately the the head and to only the yellow
with Black and Cartridges the the and it clicks Press the to the correctly. If that incorrectly, the and the clicks Then the cover. the The the This the LCD turn off the while or If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges expended, temporarily from the as as You with using with Cartridges
with Cartridges with Cartridges OS with Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or To this Click or to If the appears another to the the or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to topic: with Black and Cartridges If and to temporarily with or Click the the
If that temporarily with only the to OS Click the to If displayed, OK If the appears another to the the the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or You this: Select On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the
Conserving Black with Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: with Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there The appears only when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to using the the Click this to the If this topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to clean when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head using the of the Press the or arrow and the OK
You this Select and the OK Select Head and the OK Press of the buttons to
the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there and the OK button. If there or the Clean the head and the OK to
Checking the Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related and Cartridges Related topics Loading You the head using or of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select
You this: Click
the to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product Related Head Cleaning Related and Cartridges Related topics Loading If and the clean the head. You the head expended, and to clean when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related Removing and Cartridges You clean the head using the sheets of the Press the or arrow and the OK You this
Cleaning the Head Select and the OK Press the or arrow buttons, Head Cleaning and the OK Press of the to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or Press the OK to to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head Checking the Removing and Cartridges You the head or there the LCD of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Cleaning
You this: Click to the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and
the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced.
Head the Head the Product topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head the Product the Removing and Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality You the head the sheets of the Press the or arrow and the OK You this Select and the OK
the Head Select Head and the to while head the and the or arrow to choose the representing the each Press the OK each selection. topic: Head You the head or sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Click Next then to while head
You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each
Cleaning the Path choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head If the back of the to of the the to without the there or the or cover. the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality
Cleaning and Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should clean or thinner to the or or other the or the when to Turn off the the connected the from the Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. Clean the using
Clean the and the the with cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. If appear the or clean the the
Transporting Product the ADF cover and lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), to the and the of the ADF. topic: Cleaning and Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from Turn off the
the and to the the right (the If the the to then the off the to the with the white the otherwise, the the from the the connected the and the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning
Head
Software Updates these sections to Checking Software Product Product Network from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software
Product topic: You often with the its LCD LCD the the and the OK to clear the the ADF the ADF or the the front of the to the the or and follow the the LCD to clear Communication the connected to and software correctly. Turn the off. the then the back If the ADF Turn the off and then back If the occurred The the of its service life. (To nearing the of its the OK service life. The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service life. tone the phone correctly and the phone If the to PBX Branch phone or off the Detection Recovery occurred USB and the firmware If this topic: Related Where to
Product the Product the the (Rear Related Checking Software Connecting Telephone or Selecting Advanced and Cartridges Related topics Loading operating properly. Disconnect interface connected to sheets of the Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to Head and the OK Press of the buttons.
the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the or arrow, and the OK Press the or arrow buttons, and the OK You this
Software Press the or arrow to of these options and the OK Network of the of the Clear and of the and and the You Press the arrow to the selected Press the arrow to the operation. topic: these sections while Software topic: If hear from these The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating
Network Product to Wireless Router or Access other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related OS these or or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network topic: If or to wireless router or these If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD or appear, of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router.
to within of router or microwave or such as If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. If Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to using Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the topic: Network Related Direct Related Selecting Network From the Network
Network Software Product Network Related topics If these turned and connected to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. connected to If necessary, software and try to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the using the instructions the If router, software to to the router. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related topics
Product Not Appear OS Network If appear the OS try these Turn off, seconds, then back If the Protected (WPS) and the appear LCD, of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. If connecting the wirelessly and the appear LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If network and the strength. If to router or or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions.
Scan Network to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Printing Network Sheet Related topics If Scan these If from restarted the software. the firewall or security software. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan turn off back and restarting Scan the and the using Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the button. (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the button.
Copying Product Nothing the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Cleaning Head
Product It While This topic: Copying these sections with the Product the the (Rear the Ejection topic: If feeding these the the the If correctly, and the and the the the the the If once, the the to the and than the recommended of the specifications If when both of the sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the Product
the Product the the Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If the follow the to clear the the necessary. the the white the the while the cover
the including torn the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the (Rear the If follow the to clear the the necessary.
the then the
the (Rear Gently the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the (Rear the If the cover), follow the to clear the the necessary. Press the and the
the from the
the
the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: If with the (ADF), follow the to clear the the necessary. originals from the ADF. the ADF cover. the ADF cover the
the ADF cover, then the cover.
the shown. the cover.
the ADF input and the ADF input to its the ADF its originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the (Rear the Product
Ejection from Nothing Prints If with properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related the the (Rear the Product or Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned
Product Not Appear interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and and Click and and Sound
Cartridge XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Preferences Click the checkbox the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the to the its Complete the topic: from Related and Cartridges If becomes slow, try these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and If OS X, and the turned off.
and Clear or to existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the and the following High RAW Datatype as topic: from Related OS or Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting these sections with the or of AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple
Inverted Too Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting OS Selecting
Incorrect Margins Printout If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting OS Selecting Related topics Loading
Appears Prints Incorrect Characters If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and
Incorrect or Printout Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and If to USB directly to instead. If the printed, the characters. If incorrect characters appear using topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS If these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head.
Quality White or Printout the while or topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with quality, AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality
Blurry or Smeared Printout Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Removing and Cartridges Related topics Loading If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly sheet with or the to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path.
Printout or Printout properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Specifications Related Cleaning the Path Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If or try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality
Printout Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Removing and Cartridges Related topics Loading If these the of the correctly Select higher and turn off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software from the and high If the to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to
Incorrect Colors topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Additional and Related topics Loading If incorrect try these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as using the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Related Selecting Selecting Additional and
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly Selecting OS Removing and Cartridges OS these scanning with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, try these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and scanning software. If operating software, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related to Uninstall Product Software Related OS Related Scanning with OS
Scan Scanned Quality If Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the Scan Scanning with OS these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear
Consists of of Appears Scanned Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists of these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Related topics the Product If of appears the with cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product
Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or blurry, these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or warped cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these Scan and
of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK and the and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Tone Correction
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Scanning Professional Scanning Office If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic:
or If or these the turned and correctly header information and ID. might rejected the turned to automatically. to this turned to automatically. that the telephone to LINE or software to the that the telephone phone to it and testing If there tone and the to PBX Branch phone or the to PBX If off the off the tone (Turning off the tone the to the first of If connected to DSL phone DSL to the phone to the DSL the If telephone off correction and lowering the correction (ECM) turned trying to or If telephone and off to of incoming If to service, the to service If connected to that to phone that when
with Telephone Connected to Product to Uninstall Product Software If includes services, or service. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the Selecting the Selecting Advanced Reports Related topics Loading If when telephone connected to these telephone connected to EXT the to that the LCD displays that topic: Related the Connecting Telephone or If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic:
Uninstalling Product Software You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the Apps and and the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software
Uninstalling Product Software OS Where to to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the utility. currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the
of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products OS Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3 (U.S.) or the and
OS Scanning Specifications topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications type Photoelectric CIS Effective inches Scanning to and US or A4 to
(ADF) Specifications Specifications Color: Light LED topic: Technical Specifications US or A4 type to feeding capacity thickness: inch topic: Technical Specifications Black-and-white and (ITU-T type Household phone to Black and white: internal Approximately sheets (US or A4) or PBX Branch telephone
Specifications memory to (ITU-T chart with country or RJ-11 Interface topic: Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or topic: Technical Specifications inch inch inch inch inch inch Photo: RJ-11 Telephone to Envelope to
Printable Specifications the shown to the sheets Margin: inch Quality inch Quality inch sheets
Cartridge Specifications Quality inch Quality inch Left/right inch Top/bottom inch Quality inch Quality inch topic: Technical Specifications This only Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Black
Specifications Specifications months Cartridge to F to C) within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related references Cartridge inches inches inches Weight (without or cord) topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to Rated Unopened the the month F C) F C) thaws and hours F C) inches inches inches
Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications to Rated copying: (ISO/IEC24712); topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) to RH (without to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB computers) topic: Technical Specifications Wireless LAN IEEE Wireless security WEP Ready W; W; off W; to F to C) month F C) WPA2-PSK (AES); WPA2 with WPA/WPA2
and Specifications AP Coordination Security SSL/TLS: HTTPS and IPPS topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6320-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Specifications IEEE Direct IEEE EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices Instructions Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Instructions FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice using and follow these instructions. Product Instructions Cartridge Instructions Wireless Instructions Telephone Instructions LCD Screen Instructions topic: Notices to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the near outlet where the easily the outlet the as photo or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or to and top of and allow to or to the straight each
If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the outlet the off the using the and the light flashing the or off to the If the the from the the that its It properly or Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the heat or sunlight. enough around the or cover the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. connecting the to or other with the of the Each the both the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the copying, scanning, or other to when closing the cover or as specifically to service the yourself.
Cartridge Instructions the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the or the its or otherwise topic: Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the of the This the to become the the of the when from the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or to the from items that the touches. touch the supply or surrounding the its This the head. cool,
Wireless Instructions Telephone Instructions LCD Instructions from allow to least three hours with their facing upward. topic: Instructions waves from this the operation of or such as or fire this near such or facility, follow the from authorized the facility, and follow and the to causing topic: Instructions telephone should follow basic to reduce the of fire, shock, and including the following: the telephone There of shock from to the of the To reduce the of fire, AWG or cord. topic: Instructions cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Instructions
FCC United States This with of the FCC and the the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If this to the telephone Applicable Universal Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the telephone the telephone that temporary of service required. isn't the the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary. The telephone its operations or that the operation of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the If this to telephone please Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the telephone the that the the
This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired connected to the the of this If about what telephone or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or charges.) to this information the below instructions header information. According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded
Software Notice interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to to interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) (IES) interface interface tous CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices Related the This includes software to the of each software the of of such software years the of of this If to the please the of You comply with the terms of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which the The terms of each software the topic: Notices
Copyright Notice EPSON and EPSON and TM TM and Remote TM of Corporation. SM service of Inc. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. and the of Apple Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More the to to
Copyright Attribution topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-40869 topic: Copyright Notice