PM WorkForce Scanning, and All-in-One Network
PM Introduction WorkForce as the the WorkForce of or photo or photo the basic from Scan This to of these things without turning instructions, the on-screen Information (which includes double-clicking its Please follow these as WorkForce instructions: Warning: to to to Notes information about WorkForce hints faxing, copying, scanning, and Introduction
PM WorkForce Network Follow the this chapter to the WorkForce to connected the to to the WorkForce software each would to from. Ethernet Network Ethernet to the LAN WorkForce the other to LAN router, wireless or with the the section to software. WorkForce Network
PM Software Follow the this section each to with the the software CD CD or DVD If the SETUP.EXE the Account XP: the Software with OS X: Double-click the Click this and Next WorkForce Network
PM this Next to that turned and connected to as the Warning Next If firewall Unblock or Allow to or Software
PM while the of the following: If the Complete with the Installation WorkForce Network
PM If found follow the instructions the and Next If than the to then Next the Complete with the Installation below. Software
PM the Follow the operating below Macintosh then WorkForce Network
PM of the following: To information, Next then with To information Next then with Follow the the to information. Follow the the to software and the installation. to and and on-screen Information Software
PM Click this Follow the the right of the to EPSON TCPIP then Next It to seconds to the EPSON TCPIP the WorkForce Network
PM Follow the the to bonus software, and the ready to and and on-screen Information Software
PM Loading You and of and the and the Then the and the the and If the the or the right and the or top first.) FPO Loading first,
PM You to of or of other on-screen Information information. The type of choose affects the If or rough the to of information). the the too tightly. and instructions on-screen Information offers of high easy to the of and other You purchase and SM epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO- EPSON Bright White inches) S041586 inches) S041062 inches) S041067 count
PM Double-sided inches S041809 S042038 Quality Iron-on Cool inches) S041153 Loading inches S041467 inches) S041257 S042180 inches) S041568 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S042183 S041667 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041945 S041946 inches) S042182 S042175 inches S041982 inches) S041331 inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 A4 inches) S041106 Sheet count
PM Scanning, or or or the (below) or the the You or to (or the to or black-and-white the cover and the with the top the back corner. If or 6-inch to the them least inch the the original(s). inch Scanning, or inch
PM the You to (or A4) sheets or the (ADF). the then them to the the ADF the outward. the originals Scanning, or
PM the the too tightly. the Copy function, selected If the off. To Reduce/Enlarge then OK Press or to then OK the
PM Copying or Follow the instructions this section to or black-and-white To off the heard when button, Copy or to then OK Press or to Sound then OK Press or to then OK Copying You (or A4) or would If the to sheets (or A4) or Bright White or the the or the or Press the Copy button. Press or or the to the of to To the then OK Press or to then OK You Copying or
PM To other or to the to then OK Press or to option, then OK and Quality the options choose. selecting to the Press the B&W or to copying. To copying, Stop/Clear as automatically. Copying You 6-inch, 7-inch, or the the Press the Copy Press or or the to the of to To the then OK Press or to With to around the or to the the to the of the then OK To other or to the to then OK Press or to option, then OK to the Press the B&W or to copying. To copying, Stop/Clear as automatically. Copying
PM WorkForce numbers, selecting from or using the one-touch buttons. the to from the FAX Utility, information and the on-screen Information Connecting or the phone from the to the LINE the back of the WorkForce If the WorkForce to DSL DSL the or to the or telephone as below. DSL the Telephone
PM To telephone or of the to the telephone or and the other to the EXT. the back of the WorkForce If to the fourth should the WorkForce to the fifth or Press the then Press or to then OK Press or to Communication then OK Press or to to then OK Press or or the to the of then OK Select than the of the to Press to the the incoming and the phone or the the WorkForce the If the other the as or the or connected to the EXT. the WorkForce to incoming when phone If and the phone without or connected to the EXT. the when and the WorkForce the Connecting or Telephone
PM should header and To other or the FAX only), the Information Information You should and the header that the of the If the WorkForce of the and the or Information instructions the and Press the then Press or to then OK Press or to then OK Press or to then OK the to or other header information You to OK to to the
PM From the or to then OK You the input the to phone below). You to OK to to the Press to the the to and Characters and text follow these To the or character: Function or the to the or right. and the character to the right. Speed/Group Backspace To the Press to when the to the when international To characters, repeatedly to switch lowercase, or numbers. Press to these characters: character and the to the
PM Select Scan and these to the of incoming and outgoing the WorkForce the which printed, and choose the reports Press the then Press or to then OK Press or to Scan then OK of the following and options the and of incoming and outgoing Select or art, or basic the when and the the Indicates the of the WorkForce Reduction Indicates whether incoming reduced to the selected On or their sheets Indicates when the WorkForce the transmitted Select to off On to reports when or On to reports
PM You of them faxing. You to the to on-screen Information You to combined and to the and easy reference Creating Press the then Press or to then OK Press or to then OK Press or to then OK You the of To or from existing or instead. Select or type the of the to then OK the to the then OK the to to the then OK You to the If to another OK and to Press to the Press the then Press or to then OK Press or to then OK Press or to then the
PM From the You manually as below. from the FAX Utility, original(s) Press the the to manually the You to To the telephone, redialing, or selecting from To the or and as necessary. Press the B&W or to If the and white, and white If with the and If the this the first scanned: If to the or the Then to If to another If the and the WorkForce To immediately, To faxing, Stop/Clear
PM Other to to other Press to the used. The the Press Speed/Group Dial/Backspace to or type the of the to then OK Press to another to with the selection Press one-touch to of the first then OK Press to another to with the selection If connected to the WorkForce the from the Press to confirm. Dont the phone the From the to the and From Select EPSON WorkForce (FAX) Click Select as
Wednesday, PM Select EPSON WorkForce (FAX) To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to You to including the cover Click If the first this information that the of the Then OK to the information. cover input or of then Next instructions the FAX Utility, If cover to and information, then Next Click to
PM and the that matches the of Scan and If the than the loaded, the reduced to or the Reduction If of the and the OK to To automatically, the light To the then OK To the of the WorkForce To manually, off the light and follow these the off the You this Press to To the the the received, the shown the phone the Press OK to the light
PM From This section the basic or or instructions the Information software and the WorkForce to as the Its to to WorkForce software. Checking Software instructions. or the and Select EPSON WorkForce then the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the From Select EPSON WorkForce Click to software
PM On the choose the Select the type of (choose or Select Select to the the Shortcuts and of the You clicking the the Advanced To reduce or or double-sided, the and as necessary. the Advanced information about Click OK to Click Select or
PM Click OK or to This appears and shows the of With the section below operating OS or the and Select as the Click the arrow to the necessary. From Select Click to
PM Select and choose with Sheet option. If the isnt shown the the of this (If from Preview, the shown below.) Choose from the and the following Copy and Application Choose Select Select or output Select higher or Select With
PM Choose other options from the the on-screen Information Click To the the or Select the OS to or the and Select the following choose option the Click OK the and From Select Select Select or
PM Select choose from the and the following to Advanced information about the Choose other options from the the on-screen Information Click the Advanced to information advanced Click Select or Black/ Select higher or Select With
PM To the the (or the and the or Select the Selecting the Correct Select the or software the coverage accordingly. this Select this Bright White Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool Envelope From Paper/Bright White
PM Scanning or You WorkForce to and and them as or other The Scan software three Office and text quickly. previews and options scanning. Professional and of instructions, the on-screen Information Scanning You from using Scan. Scan directly from and to the cover and face-down the the back corner, as shown the cover the of the following to Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications If from Then the choose or and EPSON WorkForce 310/TX510 Scanning or
PM Scan Office the first (You the using the the right corner.) You to with the Click Scan The and its or Scanning or Click to the
PM Scanning You and PDF or another With the to the Scan Select Office the right. Select the Select or ADF as the Source Select the of the Select the based the or the to or to text (OCR): Click the to and the first the back top of the other and them the If (or around the to the the quality, necessary. Click Scan. Select the location, and (such as PDF) and OK. The and its or Scanning
PM WorkForce Follow the instructions this chapter and cleaning the head and To the head, necessary, on-screen Information Checking the Head If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head the Press the Copy then Press or to then OK Press or to then the the that to there the cleaning If turned OK to If there the head and If there or the clean the head. WorkForce
Wednesday, PM Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning clean necessary. You the head expended, and to when You the first the Press the Copy then Press or to then OK Press or to Head Cleaning then the Cleaning around finished, the off the cleaning or Press to or to and that the head clean. If cleaning the head four off WorkForce and least hours to Then If of the to replaced. If that as If WorkForce to least once month to Cleaning the Head
PM Checking the Cartridge You the anytime the WorkForce To the with or software, the instructions on-screen Information You or when the other expended. or copying. Press the Copy then Press or to then OK Press or to then OK The displayed. to the necessary. appear try to when This optionally offers and other from On that connected to the to these offers the first to when Click or To offers or from the instructions on-screen Information WorkForce
PM Cartridges You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Purchase and them within months of them and the the purchase the following numbers: Standard-capacity High-capacity Black that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the The with and of the from the first the cool, If to allow them to to least hours them. Cartridges
PM Cartridges You immediately the ones. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the cartridge(s) obtained or the the head Turn the WorkForce If or expended, the WorkForce which to Press OK If the WorkForce the Copy or to and OK Then Cartridge and OK the then the cover. the the and of the or try to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of WorkForce
PM the four or Then from the the the front of the This the the from the of the other or or the the and clicks Once the that replacing, the cover and clicks the Press OK to charging the This about the charging finished. off the WorkForce while or If the OK then the securely. If or and the Cartridges
PM If with WorkForce the the to the You and basic troubleshooting or the Information Checking Software Periodically, to free to WorkForce software. on-screen Information and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With the the or or You EPSON EPSON WorkForce and
PM Follow the instructions the to If of the below, follow the to proceed. LCD and The nearing the of their service life. Please Support. The the of their service life. Please Support. and the below WorkForce If the shows the the WorkForce to Press the On to and Copying the whiter, or first, and the right Dont the arrow the the type of matches the and type the or software when copying or faxing. Turn the WorkForce off, and back If the Turn the WorkForce off and then back If the to the of their service life. the the and to to
PM the to or to them. selected If cropped. the back of the If the cropped, from the slightly. If feed correctly when the and through the to the sheets. the the right and the too once. to of photo or sheets of other If follow these Gently from the or If the On to off the WorkForce Then the the and torn the and the WorkForce back If correctly the (ADF), the corners of the or curled. than of (or A4) or sheets of If the ADF cover and to the without the ADF cover first, or the
PM The the the Press to clear the the ADF cover and the the turned and the LINE the WorkForce connected to telephone that the telephone connecting to If the Communication and off the V.34 and ECM Correction If the WorkForce connected to DSL DSL connected to the DSL the If the and hear tone and the when there phone or connected to the EXT. the WorkForce Quality the and If light or or they too to the head cleaning. If to the head. the on-screen Information instructions. The and If the the Clean the with cloth recommended), or amount of cloth, necessary. directly the and
PM Network to the that the turned and connected to Ethernet Network Click Next to search the Then with Network that the connected to Then and the CD to the software. The appear the OS X) the correctly and that computers TCP/IP correctly. Network the Network Sheet and that the correct. If the Network Disconnected, Ethernet and turning the off and back using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, to the IP manually. that the and that router, switch, or LED the the connected to or flashing. If the LED off, try the following: the Ethernet securely connected to both the and router, switch, or to another router, switch, or
PM the to another router, switch or connecting the to router, switch, or with another Ethernet appears when with If access, this connecting to the LAN or to manually Network Scanning the or Scan If while Scan, Scan, and seconds. If Scan turn the off and back and then restarting Scan. the EPSON Scan the Scan If high If the the Network Press the Copy Press the Press or to Network Press the to network Press the to to Copy and
PM Where To Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product WorkForce Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase and of the Then U.S.: AM PM through AM PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Other Software Technical NewSoft www.newsoftinc.com
PM Notices Instructions using WorkForce and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the where the easily If the the from the off the the On and the On light flashing the or off to the the the as or conditioning that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the the that its It properly or or the its or otherwise from the the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the least inches from the the near or heating or sunlight. or cover the or through the Notices
PM products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the the section while the the white the the those that covered the operating instructions. as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. LCD cloth to clean the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with If or immediately. the or immediately removing Leaving the head and the from If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the Notices
PM Telephone Instructions telephone should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and injury, including the following: the telephone There of shock from to the vicinity of the To reduce the of fire, only AWG or cord. Inc., Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and products and the warranty of covered this warranty. Notices
PM What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY.0 IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to Notices
PM To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C362B Notices
PM FCC United States This with of the FCC and the adopted the ACTA. On the back that other information, the FCC and the (REN) this You this information to telephone The information associated with the services the to connected REN: 0.1B type: RJ-11C The REN to the of that to telephone and of those when telephone called. areas, the of the of connected to should To of the of that to to to the REN products July the REN this of the that the US: BKMFA01BC362B The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the This service the telephone to to Should this to the telephone the telephone service temporarily. If they that temporary of service required. advanced isnt the as as You of right to with the FCC. The telephone its operations or that the functioning of If they to to telephone service. This to repaired. If with this please Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: The telephone that this from the the corrected or that the malfunctioning. Notices
Wednesday, PM and to this to the and comply with the FCC and the ACTA. telephone and with this It to to that instructions The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or to this information follow the instructions Information According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this C362A If about what telephone or This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Notices
PM WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the technical specifications. The of the of to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the (IES) interface interface tous This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
PM Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when While countries copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright and service of Corporation. WorkForce and service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Notices
PM CPD-27342R1 Printed XXXXXX