C40 EPSON Unpack completely. the and from the off the beneath the cover and the the its three the attaching the and or Turn option. the turned off instructed to section USB to the and PC or On the grounded Press the the lights Dont the Dont switch or switch to the or off; the the cover and the Unpack the that with and the of the reach of both as shown and the Press the and the cover. The light flashes and hear the charge its charging finished (the light flashing). the the the right Press the locking the and the of the the Software If to which then follow the right of instructions XP software the EPSON the turned then If this the right of ready to If this Click Then follow the below to the software: the the EPSON CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD If What to Click EPSON then EPSON the and At the The You both or the Dont off the or charging while the light flashing or than necessary. New and ready to If this the connected and the Click Retry necessary. that OK the EPSON Product as instructed. ready to and the EPSON software already the then If this software already Click OK to If this Click Then follow the below to the software: the the EPSON CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click Computer, EPSON then EPSON the and At the The If this the turned and connected. the Click Retry necessary. At the OK the EPSON as instructed. ready to OS to If OS X, the This First instructions. turned then the EPSON CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM then EPSON the and At the At the Follow the on-screen instructions to and the EPSON as instructed. the Chooser, the C40 USB and background the Chooser. ready to Turn this to
To To the If to photo and software, Factory CD-ROM. the EPSON Software EPSON Factory from the as the section. ready to the software, Factory or CD-ROM. Click EPSON the then the or option the or You Microsoft or to from to Click the and You this: Click or Preferences Select these Click OK or You showing You with software. the CD-ROM information. If using OS X, the This First instructions. Click the and You this type of the then You showing You with software. the CD-ROM information. Cleaning the Head If or clean the head. the light isnt flashing or If the instead. the seconds, then release The light flashing and the the light flashing, the cleaning finished. If these There other to the head and the quality. the CD-ROM information. Cartridge To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. light flashes and appears which type light and the indicated the to to Quality the and the seconds. The head to the (If both to the first.) the and the Unpack the and the yellow type the and the Press the and the cover. (If the other the head through to Quality charging finished (the light flashing and the light Dont off the while the light Black T013201 T014201 If them with and If them immediately with to encounter. the CD-ROM. incorrectly, or the the light the to the path, then as the other of this If the light the and them. software Select EPSON Software Uninstall the or to the software. Then the software following the instructions the front of this OS to follow to the software section, then Uninstall the pull-down and Uninstall the software following the instructions the front of this OS X, the This First Printout Clean the head as to the to the type and other software as shown from to Z. or or the software as below. Nothing securely connected and try If nothing off the the and the Release the when If nothing EPSON as below. More Info while software, or The CD-ROM information about or the instructions the to the the following to Select or or and ES C40 the EPSON C40 and Reference (OS to only) Purchasing and You purchase and from the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated of services hours Telephone To these services, tone and SM this to the Services EPSON SoundAdvice EPSON C40 SoundAdvice. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Software and SoundAdvice and EPSON service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those CPD-12408R3 Copyright Inc. Printed SM