CX4200 and Scanning CX All-in-One
Loading Follow the to CX the and then the the Then the to the the the right first, beneath the Loading The often whiter or brighter than the other Narrow
You to sheets of and to of the other types.) The type of choose affects the to the If or rough of the to of information. the the of the too tightly). Then the back. the thickness to the Loading
Copying or Follow the instructions this section photo or correctly the below) of or the the the cover and the the corner. about inch from the top and of copied. the cover the the cover where and heavy top of the CX Copying or the about inch from the top and to
If to or thick or the cover. and straight If to the while or too and to force the cover, and You the cover. the cover the back the Copying or
Copying You 11-inch) or 6-inch, or 7-inch photo Copying the CX turned the the as to the cover. to sheets of instructions.) Press the Copy the of the Copy You to this To than Press the type to The light which type selected. Press the to If reduced or to the the to To the To and white the B&W The On light flashes and the CX If to copying the Stop that printed; to the The exactly the as the Copying or
Copying the CX turned the the as to the cover. to of 6-inch, or 7-inch instructions.) Press the Copy the of the Copy You to this To than Press the type to Press the to or If without white the to with .06-inch To the To and white the B&W The On light flashes and the CX If to copying the Stop that printed; to the The exactly the as the Copying or
or More the CX turned the the as to the cover. Press the Copy the Copy This the CX to to enough the of to to to sheets of Press the type to or Press the to or Press the or B&W The CX of Then the light To and the or B&W to If the Stop of to the from the or If to and high quality, The reduced, the and and the ready to and the Stop then the (to or the B&W (to and white). the On light flashing, release both buttons. Copying or
From Memory Card CX4800 Only) The CX4800 directly from memory memory the CX4800 and ready to If DPOF Format), the to while the the Then, when the the CX4800 which to and of each. these Compatible Cards and (below) the Card to Select or DPOF instructions copying memory CX4800 and or other the From Memory CX4800 Only)
Compatible Cards and You the following of with CX4800 Memory light The CX4800 that the following DCF or JPEG, DOS FAT (FAT or with DCF or to of to DCF the From Memory Card CX4800 Only) Right Supports of Right CompactFlash TM TM TM Memory TM TM Memory Memory Memory TM Memory PRO TM Memory TM SD TM Card TM Card* Card
the Card the CX4800 turned directly from memory the CX4800 connected to (or should turned off). the memory the memory light off and that of the Then the The memory light flashes and then the memory which to the the pre-selected DPOF to the the memory light flashing, then the straight of its From Memory Card CX4800 Only) Memory light Right
or DPOF Follow the below to of each photo the or to those that with DPOF the memory to of or to sheets of You as to Press the Memory Card the PictBridge light If the memory DPOF information, of the the printed. Select or (whichever loaded). If the photo(s) with white If the to the of the Select or the Press the to If to the button. the memory straight of its From Memory Card CX4800 Only)
From If PictBridge- or USB DIRECT-PRINT JPEG connecting directly to CX4200 or CX4800 from to CX from If the CX4800 memory from and the Memory Card the PictBridge light the type of to enough the of Select or (whichever loaded). If the to the of the Select or the the USB that with to the USB the front of CX. Turn and the to Then and as If supported, flashing appears the Copy and the light flashes. (On the CX4800 the PictBridge light flashes.) the of the CX and of type, and supported. of reflected the From
From This section the or or instructions the on-screen software and connected the CX all-in-one to as the to the right and the type the information.) Follow the instructions these (below) With OS X the photo or the and You this Select EPSON CX4200 or EPSON CX4800 From Click to software
CX4200 or CX4800 selected, then the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the On the the basic Select the type of (choose or Select Select Click choosing choose the the information about the or From Click options Select
the Advanced Then the following as necessary: Select Quality as necessary Select as information about advanced or instructions them as them or If to the the and as necessary. Click OK to then OK or to This appears and shows the of Select (To choose ICM first) Click to this Advanced each or From
With OS If OS follow the below to the or Select from the the following choose the (Sheet option the US or Click OK to the from the You this From Select CX4200 or CX4800 Select or CX4200 or CX4800 Select
Choose from the and the following as necessary: information about the choose these other options from the the of or Select options. as PDF to options, such as ColorSync or Select ColorSync or the the or off the software. or the Summary: of From Select Select or Black Select higher or Select
Click the Advanced to information advanced or instructions them as them Click To the of the when appears the the of If OS the instead, then CX4200 or CX4800 the You this: finished, the or From Select the Select Quality and other options as
You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please inches S041934 Bright White inches) S041586 inches S041808/S041727 S041331 inches S041809 Heavyweight inches S041467 Double-Sided inches) S041568 Quality inches) S041062 Select the or software: this Select this or Bright White Paper/Bright White Envelope Heavyweight Double-Sided Quality inches) S041935 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286/S041667 inches) S041141/S041649/ S041272/S041271 inches) S041257 inches) S041067 A4 inches) S041061 Heavyweight From
Scanning or You CX all-in-one to or and or other or to or to You photographs as The EPSON Scan software three of and easily using and and options of Professional and manually with of Scanning You from as ArcSoft PhotoImpression EPSON Scan. EPSON Scan directly from and to the cover and face-down the the corner. about inch from the top and of scanned. the about inch from the top and to Scanning or
If to thick the cover; the cover the of the following to EPSON Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications If from Then the choose or and CX4200 or CX4800 You the EPSON Scan If the the right to the Scan If to photo as the and instructions. If or Professional EPSON Scan (You the the the right corner. the on-screen You the Choose the location where to and type the Select the Format Click OK The and its Scanning or
Restoring You or with true-to-life and sharpness as the Restoration option EPSON Scans Home, and Professional Click the the Restoration OK and Scan the Restoration and Scan or Professional or information about the on-screen You the EPSON Scan information about the Scanning or Professional to the the Restoration and Scan
CX All-in-One If follow the instructions this chapter Checking the Head and (below) Cleaning the Head Checking the Head and If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head and the Turn off the CX. the Press the and On together and them about seconds. The CX and It shows the of each head to cleaned head to cleaned: If the cleaning the head as the You the using the on-screen CX All-in-One
Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or light or to the head. This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. head cleaning and the that the head to cleaned. If the light or flashes, the head. this the first; the CX and the light off. the seconds the On light flashing. The CX head cleaning and the On light flashes. off the CX while head cleaning You the On light flashing, (as to that the head clean. If there or or the another cleaning and the If cleaning the head four or off the CX and overnight. This Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced; If CX to least once month to CX All-in-One
Cartridges the light flashing, or the light to the cartridge(s). when which or empty. (You when empty.) You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please these when or purchase ones. the obtained or the the head that The of other products and www.epson.com information. based printed, type, of and The with and of the from the first the the CX that the cover closed, then the the when the cover Black T060120 T060220 T060320 T060420 CX All-in-One
Press and release the The On and lights flash. If of the or empty, the CX that to the to If or empty, the to the to the than seconds or the to the head. the head hand; this the CX. the to Press the If than or the to the Once the CX of the or the head to the CX All-in-One
the cover, then the the back of the and straight of carefully. the or try to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the four or Then from the or tear the the otherwise, the the front of the This the CX All-in-One
the the and clicks other that to replaced. the cover and clicks the CX All-in-One
Press the The CX charging and the On light flashing. This about finished, the On light flashing and and the light off the CX while the On light flashing or If the light flashing), the correctly. Press the and the clicks CX All-in-One
If with CX the lights the and the or the Copy to the You and basic troubleshooting or the these Indicators (below) and Where To Light: On Flashing the Then to the sheet On or to Flashing Flashing On or correctly. Copy the and the Then to or Stop to Cartridges
Light: Flashing Memory Card lights) Flashing CX4800 only) Flashing From Sheet Flashing CX4800 only) Flashing The thickness to the On On other lights: Flashing lights: There Flashing with the CX. Copy memory that the CX4800 sheet correctly. The incorrectly. or the includes than The match the the memory CX to replaced. The memory the incompatible memory of and types. the correctly the the top of with the of the Then to or Stop to the correctly, and the memory and the to the instructions)or the the Then to or Stop to If the to the to the to the authorized servicer or Turn the CX off and then back If the clear, authorized servicer or
and the below CX Copying the top of the inch from the to first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the If feed, it from the through the to the Then the the right and the the too tightly). the front of the too sheets once to sheets of and sheets of the information. If the light flashes. Follow these to clear the Press the to the If the ejected, to the If the near the or If the the CX, the On to off. the and including torn however; this the sheet the then the CX back
Quality If with the or these the the and the CX or the the whiter, or isnt or curled. with or from the too the type of matches the and type the or software the and the thickness to the types. If the to the If light or or they too to clean the head. This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. Clean the head as If to the head. instructions. The or instructions If appears the the with lint-free cloth recommended), or amount of cloth, necessary. Dont directly the
Where To technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information Product CX4200 or CX4800 Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Other Software Technical Software Telephone/Fax and ArcSoft PhotoImpression AM PM of services hours To these services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice SM this to the CX4200 or CX4800 SoundAdvice. www.arcsoft.com
Notices Instructions CX and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the CX. the type of indicated the CX the that with the CX. of another fires or shock. the with other the CX outlet where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the CX, the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the CX or cover the CX or through the the CX or heating or sunlight. the CX that its It properly or the back of the CX least inches from the the section while the CX copying, or scanning. the CX. as specifically to service the CX yourself. Notices
the CX and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the CX, its or otherwise from the The this mercury. of to or Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the CX or immediately Leaving the head and the CX from If the supply from and and the as the CX. that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the or surrounding Notices
ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician Notices
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C231B CX4200 C231A CX4800 Notices
Inc., Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the and free from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers only the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral Notices
to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If claimed or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized www.epson.com. To the Customer You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and copying or of copyrighted While copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when and and and of Corporation. DURABrite and and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. USB DIRECT-PRINT and the USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights DPOF of CANON INC., Company, and SD Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, and Memory PRO of Corporation. Card of Co.,Ltd. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. of Copyrighted Notices
CPD-19831 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX