CX7400 and Scanning All-in-One
Introduction CX7400 as the to: of or from memory or the from Scan or and or the This to of these things without turning CX7400 when to or instructions, the on-screen double-clicking the Please follow these as CX7400 instructions: Warning: to to to Notes information about CX7400 hints copying, scanning, and
Loading You and of and the and the Then the and the the Press the the and it Loading
the or the right and beneath the first, or top first. You to of of or sheets of other The type of choose affects the If or rough the to of information). the the too tightly. Loading
the instructions on-screen offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON type inches S041934 Loading inches S041945 inches) S041935 S042181 S042174 S042182 S042175 count
type inches S041808 inches S041982 inches S041809 Bright White inches) S041586 inches S041467 inches) S041568 Double-sided inches) S041062 Quality A4 inches) S041106 Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool inches) S041153 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286 inches) S041331 inches) S041141 inches) S041257 inches) S041067 S041727 S041667 S042183 S042038 S041649 S041271 S042180 count
Copying or Follow the instructions this section to originals correctly the and or and white the the the cover and face-down the with the top facing the front right corner. the or slightly from the the cover the Copying or
Copying You or or or or Press the necessary, to the Press the to from to The the To to the appears the Then enough the to sheets of to this back to when finished.) Press the B&W black-and-white or to copying. If to copying, the Stop exactly the as B&W and Copying
Copying You 6-inch photo to sheets of 6-inch Press the necessary, to the Press the to from to The displayed the To to the appears the Then enough the to sheets of to this back to when finished.) Press the B&W black-and-white or to The CX7400 photo to the 6-inch loaded. If to copying, the Stop exactly the as Copying or B&W and buttons
Copying You of or Bright White reduced they or or Bright White Press the necessary, to the Press the to from to The displayed the To to the appears the Then enough the to of to this back to when finished.) Press and the Stop as the B&W and-white or to If to copying, the exactly the as Stop B&W and buttons Copying
From Memory Card or The CX7400 all-in-one from: memory below) From Memory Card The CX7400 directly from memory of the memory and ready to If DPOF Format), the to while the the Then, when the the CX7400 them. these Compatible Cards and the Card From Pre-selected (DPOF) the instructions copying memory CX7400 and or other From Memory Card or
Compatible Cards and You the following of with CX7400 The CX7400 that the following DCF or JPEG Supports to of to DCF the You when directly from memory and white. Right of Right CompactFlash I/II SD SDHC Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory Card Card Card From Memory Card
the Card the CX7400 turned directly from memory the CX7400 connected to or the turned off. If when the and the the as shown: Right The memory light flashes and which to using DPOF to the the memory light flashing, then the straight of its the or off the CX7400 while the memory light flashing; the From Memory Card or the Memory light
the cover. the type of which to or memory Press from to and finishes from sheets. If to the memory Pre-selected (DPOF) If DPOF Format), the to while memory Then the the CX7400 and them. instructions selecting with DPOF. memory containing selected with DPOF memory appears the the type of which to or Press the to the and type of loaded. If the with white If the the to the Press the to If to the From Memory Card
From If that PictBridge or USB DIRECT- PRINT to the CX7400 and directly from the to JPEG and from to the of of type, and supported, and the CX7400 CX7400 memory from the the USB that with to the USB the front of CX7400 the which to Press the to the and type of loaded. If the with white If the the to the Turn Follow the instructions that with to and and them. off and from the USB the CX7400 From Memory Card or
From This section the or or instructions the on-screen software and connected the CX7400 to as the Its to to CX7400 software instructions). or the and You this EPSON CX7400 selected, then the Preferences or From Select EPSON CX7400 Click to software
(If or Then Preferences or the On the the choose the the Select the type of (choose or Select Select If to reduce or or the and as necessary. the Advanced information about or on-screen Click OK to From Click Select
Click OK or to This appears and shows the of or With or Select from the the following choose option the US or Click OK to the Select CX7400 Select Select or With
Select from the You this Choose from the and the following as necessary: to Advanced information about the button. Choose other options from the on-screen Click the Advanced to information Click From Select CX7400 Select Select Select or Black Select higher or
To the of the the (or the and CX7400 the Selecting the Correct Select the or software. This the CX7400 what of the coverage accordingly. this Select this Bright White Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool Envelope or Select the Paper/Bright White With
Scanning or You CX7400 all-in-one to or and or other You and photographs as The Scan software three and easily and options scanning. Professional and of instructions, the on-screen Scanning You from applicationsuch as ArcSoft PhotoImpression using Scan. Scan directly from and to the cover and face-down the the front right corner, as shown the cover the of the following to Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications If from Then the choose or and CX7400 Scanning or
You the Scan If the the right to the Scan If or Professional Scan (You the the the right corner.) If to photo or other Then follow the instructions below. Click OK The and its or Restoring and Correcting You automatically dusty, or with true-to-life and sharpness as the Restoration and options Scans and Professional Correction to from with too background light. Click the and/or Restoration OK and Scan information, the on-screen You the Scan information about the Restoring and Correcting Automatically based the If oriented correctly, off
All-in-One Follow the instructions this chapter and cleaning the head and To the head, necessary, on-screen Checking the Head If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head the the Stop as the On both buttons the On light to flash, then release the buttons. the that to there the All-in-One clean cleaning
If there OK to If there or the to the head the section Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning necessary. You clean the head or You the first the CX7400 and the light off. the Stop least seconds the On light flashing, then release the buttons. The CX7400 head cleaning which about off the CX7400 head cleaning or the On light flashing, (as to that the head clean. If there or or the another cleaning and the If cleaning the head off CX7400 and least hours to Then If CX7400 to least once month to quality. Cleaning the Head
Checking the Cartridge the light flashing, You the light to You or when the other expended. or copying. appear when try to when This optionally offers and other from On that connected to the to these offers the first to when Click or To offers or from the instructions on-screen If than months If necessary, cleaning the head If their to the You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase Black Black All-in-One
Its to heavy and that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the within months of the Cartridges You immediately the ones. to the Cartridges to reliability. the obtained or the the head the CX7400 and the light flashing. If to or other expended, the the the Cartridges
Press the Stop The head to the to which or expended. the head hand; this CX7400 and release the Stop to Press the Stop If another or expended, to the Press the to or expended. If other or expended, the head to the All-in-One
the cover. the the and of the or try to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of the four or Then from the the the front of the This the Cartridges
the yellow from the of the other or or the the and clicks Once the that replacing, the cover and clicks All-in-One
the Press the to charging the This about finished, the On light flashing and and the light off the CX7400 while charging or If the light flashes, the Stop and the securely. If while copying or and correctly the Then If or the appears, and the Cartridges
If with CX7400 the lights the to the You and basic troubleshooting or the Checking Software Updates Periodically, to free to CX7400 software. on-screen and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With the the You or or EPSON and CX7400 Also EPSON Scan and CX7400
Light and light or or the then of the buttons to light flashing the as light flashing One or You the to which affected light One or or incorrectly If expended, the to to If and the light the correctly. Press the Stop to the to the Press the then the Stop to light flashing The memory or Copies and another light flashing light flashing light flashing light flashing The correctly or correctly. the the correctly, and The correctly. the the correctly, and The from match the the memory the or the and The connected USB supported. Disconnect the
Light and light flashing On light flashing light light lights flashing and the below CX7400 and Copying the front right of the If the cropped, from the slightly. first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the the the loaded. If feed, from the through the to the Then the the right and the the too tightly). too once. to sheets of of or of other with punched The connected USB supported. the and the Stop to the CX7400 the of their service life. There with the CX7400 Turn off, and back If the
If follow these Gently from the or If off the CX7400 the the and torn the and the CX7400 back Quality If with the or try these the the and the CX7400 or the (usually the whiter, or isnt or curled. with or from the output too the type of matches the and type software the quality, and If light or or they too to the head This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. Clean the head as If to the head. instructions. The and If appears the the with lint-free cloth recommended), or amount of cloth, necessary. directly the and
Where To Technical these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product CX7400 Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
Other Software Technical ArcSoft PhotoImpression www.arcsoft.com Where To
Notices Instructions CX7400 and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the CX7400 the type of indicated the CX7400 only the that with the CX7400 of another fires or shock. the with other the CX7400 outlet where the easily the become or If with the CX7400 the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the CX7400 or cover the CX7400 or through the the CX7400 or heating or sunlight. the CX7400 that its It properly or the back of the CX7400 least inches from the the section while the CX7400 copying, or scanning. the CX7400 as specifically to service the CX7400 yourself. Notices
the CX7400 and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the CX7400 its or otherwise from the Cartridge Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If it them immediately with the CX7400 or immediately Leaving the head and the CX7400 from If the supply from and and the as the CX7400 that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C351B Notices
Inc. Warranty What Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality, and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty covers only the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of Notices
installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright and and and USB DIRECT- PRINT of Corporation. and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Notices of Copyrighted
CPD-23790 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX