Product Memory and cover USB You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Cartridges the following when or purchase Black or (High Capacity) that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the within months of the USB SM and
count Bright White inches) S041586 inches S041467 Double-sided inches) S041568 inches) S041062 inches S041934 S042181 S042174 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041982 inches S041809 S042038 Quality A4 inches) S041106 Iron-on Cool inches) S041153 inches) S041257 S042180 inches) S041067 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches) S041935 S042175 S042182 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286 S042183 S041667 inches) S041331 inches) S041141 S041649 S041271
Product Specifications top sheets Scanning type Photoelectric CIS Effective inches US or A4 US or A4 Scanning to and to internal Light RGB three LED to F to C) Humidity: to RH Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets A4 inches) A6 inches) inches) inches) inches inches inches distributed Thickness to inch to to inches) type to Printable Top Right Right, and inch the expanded inch and top inch Right inch and Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches (without the or with Top Right
Cartridges Black Cartridge Within months Unopened the the to F to C) month F C) F C) thaws and hours F C) Memory Cards Compatible CompactFlash memory SD SDHC Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory Card Card Card Memory DCF or V; JPEG with the to of to supply rating to to Rated to to Rated off Operation: to F to C) to F to C) month F C) (without Operation: to RH to RH UL60950-1 CAN/CSA C22.2 EMC FCC CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class Interfaces USB One USB Class computers); One USB PictBridge
Loading You the following of and sheets: type Approximately sheets of or than inch thick Bright White sheets Double-sided Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool Follow these to the and the the the and to this sheets the or first, the right and beneath the first, or top first. the the and instructions the on-screen
the You or to the to or and white the cover and the with the top the back corner. If or copying or 6-inch to the them least inch inch the cover the original(s). the You to sheets or sheets the the originals to the inch the the originals the the the Copy or the ADF appears the the Copy function, selected If the to
Copying or You or or and white You You (or A4) or If the to sheets You 6-inch, 7-inch, or photo exactly the as Turn the or photo(s) the or the (or A4) Bright White or 6-inch, 7-inch, 10-inch or the only the recommended of sheets. Press the Copy to To than or to the to Press or to or B&W Press then to the necessary. Select With to around the or to the the to the of the to With to To of the displayed the and To the and choose (to or or (to the to To the type, and choose the type of loaded. type Bright White To the and choose the of loaded. options the choose. To the only, Quality and choose or To the or of the and choose higher or To the amount of when and choose or You white the selecting OK Press to (To copying, Stop/Clear
Restoring, and Copying You or 6-inch, 7-inch, 10-inch, or You with or without to and white, and or the least inch 6-inch, 7-inch, or the Press the Press OK To turn Restoration to as and On (If Restoration Press OK Press OK to You these Press or to To than of photo, or to the If to photo and the to Display/Crop To the or To the the arrow buttons. To the OK OK To of the the and Select and choose the type of loaded. Select and choose the of loaded. of options the choose. To without and then With to with white the of To the amount of when and choose or You white the Press OK when selecting ready to (To Stop/Clear with options to or with to-life and sharpness. the on-screen
or or selecting from the to the sections below to: or features information and the Connecting or the from the to the LINE the back of the If the to DSL DSL the or to the or telephone as below. DSL the To telephone or phone of the to the telephone or and the other to the EXT the back of the (or to another the If to the fourth should the to the fifth or Press Select then OK Select Communication then OK Select to then Select the of then OK Select than the of the to the other and the phone or the the the If the other the as or the or to header, and of numbers. the on-screen instructions. You manually the or selecting from the on-screen original(s) Press the of the following to the the manually the You to LINE EXT. If telephone to the the from the You the right. Select then OK the off the the Press Backspace and or type the of the to Then OK the The displayed the
Press and then or B&W If the and white, and white selected Press necessary, to of the following to increase the of to the of the to to (You another the or to to from another to which (such as information service). the back to when finished. Press OK when selecting Press OK to summary of Press to (To faxing, Stop/Clear original(s) scanned, this If to OK original(s) the or the then OK to If to another The the and If the redialing and the To immediately, and the that matches the of loaded. If the incoming than the loaded, the reduced to or the Reduction select. If of the and the to To automatically, the light turned To the To manually, off the light and follow these the phone off the You this Press to then OK If to the the the received, the shown the the light
From Memory Card The directly from memory Once or DPOF or to and from the You connecting directly. The instructions below to memory and to the on-screen information. Memory Card the the as shown. The memory flashes, then Right Memory light SD SDHC Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO Memory Memory Card Card Card The these JPEG with the to of to CompactFlash To the the memory light then the straight of its the or off the while the memory light flashing; the Selecting From the You as them the Press the Memory Card You this Select and then OK Press or to through and the to Press to the of of that photo. To the photo, the Display/Crop To the or To the the arrow buttons. To the to and orientation. To the OK Press or to other the of and To 6-inch or To type or of the other Select and OK information.) Press to (To Stop/Clear
Memory Card Press to these while from memory To the type, and choose the type of loaded: type Bright White To the and choose the of loaded. options the choose. To the and choose With to around the or to the the to the of the To the Quality and choose or To the and the and choose the To to Bidirectional and choose (Choose On To the amount of when and choose or You white photo the From If that PictBridge or USB DIRECT PRINT to the and directly from the to the on-screen instructions from Scanning to You to or and You and photographs as The Scan software three Office text and them Scan this the first You the when this of and graphics. Restoration, and Backlight Correction options You this to with the Professional manually and and Restoration, and Correction options You the when this instructions, the on-screen
Checking the Head If or them, the head clogged. Follow these to the head the Press the Select and OK Select and OK Press the that to there the cleaning If there OK to If there or the to the head. Cleaning the Head If and the clean the head. head cleaning necessary. You clean the head expended, and to it when You the first the Press the Select and OK Head Cleaning and OK Press Cleaning around finished, the off the cleaning or Press to and that the head clean. If cleaning the head three off all-in-one and least hours to Then If to least once month to Checking the Cartridge know when or its or You or when the other expended. or To from the anytime, follow these Press the Select and OK with to the necessary. appear when to when This optionally offers and other from On that connected to the to these offers the first to when Click or To offers or from the instructions on-screen
Cartridges You immediately the ones. the following when or purchase Black or (High Capacity) Yellow that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the The with and of the from the first charging the within months of the cool, If them from the cold, allow them to to least hours using them. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the cartridge(s) obtained or the the head Turn the If or expended, the which to and OK If the the and OK Then Cartridge and OK the then the cover. the the and of the or try to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of the then from the to the the the yellow from the of the other or or
the the and it clicks Once the that replacing, the cover and clicks the Press OK to charging the This about the charging finished. To off the while If the OK and the securely. If or and the the Head If become or or or light them, to the head. You the head the or software. head cleaning. You the head the or software. the of the Press the Select and OK Select Head and OK Press The the that the each that the least Select the of the the first then the other Press OK when From the sheets of the Right-click the the right of (the and Head the Applications the EPSON Utility2 and OK Then Head Follow the on-screen instructions to the Stop/Clear to of the the that and to the
If necessary, the of the and Next If choose the and Realignment Then another and Cleaning the To the its should or thinner to clean the or or other the or Turn off the the the USB the Clean the using Clean the with lint-free cloth with cleaner. directly the Clean the LCD with cloth. or cleansers. Clean the with microfiber-type cloth. the and then clean the outer with cloth with Transporting the If to or as follows: Turn off the the connected the the and the and that the the to the right (the If necessary, the then it off the to the the to the the the its or of protective to from the the to the the the If when location, and the head. Related of location. CPD-24115R1 (English/French) CPD-24114 (English) CPD-24159 CPD-23925R1 CD-ROM with on-screen (English/French)