This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception, which turning the off and The user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the cstablishcd the FCC this If this than intcrfacc connected to interfaces. This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of the information While the of this Inc. responsibility or Neither from the of the information America, Inc. or from the of options other than those as Products Corporation. and ESC/P of Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective Copyright Inc. California FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning the of the this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third (grounding) This only grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the
If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often technician to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, service.
Introduction The EPI-4000 high performance and with of features. The EPI-4000 fast, high-quality the allowing to internal memory to the high-quality and ease of from these the EPI-4000 choose from including 17-inch clear every from selection to interface Access to the selection of optional cards. TM easy to the HP II of software written ESC/P with the software written and selection of international to with the characters, and of (MB) of MM built-in, to MB graphics Introduction
Introduction The to to or of text built-in interfaces: and RS-232C. and options to EN-4000 information the and of these options, Chapter Font Optional from These to the internal Memory board Increase memory from MB of RAM to of MB with memory board. More memory Introduction
and interface boards These interfaces the EPI-4000 as IBM or You the boards and easily the without IEEE interface board The IEEE-488 interface offers trouble-free operation, and the to computers, and other the to freely. interface boards These interfaces interface that conforms to the instead of RS-232C. These interfaces of these features: X-on/X-off and loopback Introduction Introduction
Introduction About This This illustrated, instructions and operating EN-4000 around information testing, and the to and follow these instructions first. and cover operation and This information the operation of Chapter shows to the from cards, memory, and the optional interface boards. If the properly or the what troubleshooting Other chapters information and specifications. The of as as summary of commands, of and character You and of At the back of this Reference showing SelecType and options easy whenever SelecType. Introduction
this WARNINGS to CAUTIONS should to that operates correctly. Notes information and the Where to Customer and service products of authorized and Customer throughout the United States. America information and to its and Customer Therefore, that the business where purchased to If the people there the to they through that this with the the Consumer Information the following: The location of The location of Customer Information To or purchase or or introduction Introduction
Introduction Precautions The EPI-4000 with other of please and the following to operation. the while Cartridge If the with immediately with and If them immediately with of If of the it off with clean, cloth. cool, of sunlight. high or below of the reach of the them while the or while follow these to off the Press ON LINE to the off three seconds; then the switch off. You three seconds ON LINE to that the head the of the If to the the head capped, as the the to location. the or off off the while The head properly, Introduction
If the off the of first ON LINE to the off three seconds, and then the off. The EPI-4000 heater to the as the released to the the finished the to the The the back of the become This of the heater to the and concern. the of This there concern. Introduction Introduction
Chapter the Choosing the the Removing the Protective Checking the Carrying the Assembling the Attaching the the the the the Cartridge................................................. the Charging the Loading to the Connecting the to Connecting the Interface Connecting the Interface........................................... with Software the
Choosing the There things to when selecting to the following enough around the to allow easy operation and and flow of The below required. the
the such as the and overheating. the to the the to reach. grounded with three to match the the WARNING: locations that to sunlight, heat:, or switches or timers. interruptions information memory and memory. using outlets that with or other that might the supply. the from of interference such as or the of telephones. Choosing the the
Unpacking the the At the top of the accessory containing this the protected white The below shows packaged. the
the from the and You to the from the Then each shock as shown below. the the
the the Protective The EN-4000 protected screw, locking protective and white the white the these items protective to the protective from the heads band. to the screw, as shown below. the
the locking the and the white from the of the as shown below. the the
Unpacking the both to the right; then the as shown below. the cover. the
Turn the counter-clockwise the the protective through the back of the the cover and the cover. the Unpacking the
Unpacking the Checking the that the shown below, and that cleaning included with the the to the
Carrying the EPI-4000 from that of other to the follow these to the the and top of the as shown below. the Unpacking the
the the the as shown below. You to the
CAUTION: the the indicated the below. theyre to bear the of the them or the
Assembling the The to Attaching the the mounting the cover the mounting the top of the Press the cover clicks the
the You the as to that than the the right and the the the the as shown below. hand the and lightly with both while the the Assembling the
Assembling the the The and the as shown below. the the
the the the the and the of the as shown below. the Cartridge The completely contained, easy to and (S020003) from WARNING: Cartridge to or If them with of from with and of the reach of the Assembling the
Assembling the Follow the below to the the cover, as shown. WARNING: or when the the off ON LINE to the light off) and the head the of the or the the
the with the the the the as shown below. The should the right corner. the the the back of the and hear the Assembling the
Assembling the the cover. Each enough to to with graphics or text The first of the to the feeding to The the of each shows when to the The from to (empty) as the used. Chapter information the
the that assembled, follow the below to to the switch, located the right of the off. (It off when the as shown below.) the properly grounded the Assembling the
The EPI-4000 to the easy to This section the of the EPI-4000 that easily them as and EPI-4000 from the of the features. the
The of and them through the The cover protects supply. You the to sheet or without the the The cover protects the feeding that through the You this cover to the to You the to when You or the release to the feeding or feeding. about Chapter The cover reduces while the EN-4000 On the right of the cover the where the Chapter of the buttons, lights, and The and the
The below shows the from the back with the cover off. the the which to the You the to sheets of information about You the switch, located the rear, to the and off. the
You to to of the interface the of The the interface, and the the interface. Connecting the EPI-4000 to covered this chapter. The of the as shown below, includes optional cards, the supply, and clearing the
On the of the below the to optional cards. Chapter information about optional cards. the to the where the the that to WARNING: Follow these whenever Press ON LINE to the off three seconds; then off the This allows the to the head the
Charging the You to the feeding once, the first You to this the to location and Follow these to charge the feeding the turned off and the the
Charging the the RESET while the the reads IC and then the charging countdown appears the the both the and the ON LINE light off. You to the feeding when the
Loading to that assembled, and anxious to it Follow the instructions below to to the Chapter to 17-inch or B) and other You to the to to the the off If ON LINE to the off the
Loading to Press MANUAL FEED. The MANUAL FEED light the
the cover. the
Loading to the to the single-sheet the cover. the
the release to the single-sheet the cover. the the and the the of the Loading to the
Loading to the clicks the of the the right to roughly match the of the
the the of and then the to the CAUTION: The should higher than the the to causing Loading to the
Loading to the of the and right Press the of the that the first. Then the as as the right lightly the the it fits lightly the of the the
CAUTION: to the lightly the of the to feeding the cover back the high ready to the Loading to the
the Once follow the instructions below to the Press ON LINE to the off the cover and SelecType to SelecType Press MENU to the to the
Press or to the right to should Press SET. The reads the the
the the cover. The reads PE. CAUTION: to the cover when to If the SET when the cover the the the closed. the
Press MANUAL FEED. The MANUAL FEED light off. Press ON LINE. The reads SP and the The the finished the the to the of the shown below. the the
the If the The of with the head or the SelecType If the properly, the below. If the the PJ. If this off the and the to the section clearing Chapter Then the as earlier this chapter. If the or and the reads IE, the or incorrectly. the as earlier this chapter. If the reads nothing the SET enough. Press SET The as this If the the the cover. If the or the with Follow the Charging the earlier this chapter. If the follow the cleaning Chapter If the appearance, the of the or the type of the other of the then, necessary, Chapter information choosing If the and the the correctly, the
Connecting the to EPI-4000 interface and RS-232C interface. If which The EPI-4000 the factory If interface and shielded to immediately. follow the Connecting the Interface, below. If to the interface, to the SelecType as Chapter the interface. If that type of interface, of the optional interfaces the
Connecting the to Connecting the Interface To the interface, shielded interface as below. that both and turned off. the securely the of the the
the together they of the If ground wire, screwdriver to to the ground screw directly beneath the interface Connecting the to the
Connecting the to the other of the the If there ground the of the screwdriver to to the ground of the Connecting the Interface If the interface, properly shielded and the following the below to the interface, the interface the SelecType interface as Chapter that both and turned off. the of the securely the of the the
screwdriver to the the screw each of the Connecting the to the
Connecting the to If the screws that with the the screw of the interface screws with the with the If ground wire, screwdriver to to the ground to the right of the interface the other of the the If there ground the of the to the ground of the the
with Software that the EPI-4000 and with its operation, using with specify the type of that the of the features. of these or that of to choose from. If selection follow the instructions below to the performance from EPI-4000 Selecting the The EPI-4000 three It factory to II and this factory the of features. the HP and choose of the below from They of preference. HP II HP TM HP HP If 17-inch or B) of choose the HP about HP B. TM or HP TM TM TM the
with Software If of the from the LQ or FX If LQ or FX choose of the following of preference). LQ LQ-1050/850 SQ-2500 LQ-2500 LQ-1000/800 (expanded ESC/P) LQ-500/510 LQ-1500 (with ROM) LQ If of these options, choose the first of the following: EX, JX, LX, RX, MX, or Prints the the temporarily the memory. The memory from the finishes the of the If the the memory. It to or graphics If whether the If the reads FF, the finished and the memory If to finished and clear the memory, the and then RESET to the the FX FX-1050/850 FX-286/185/85 FX-100/80 FX
Chapter the The The Lights.................................................................... SelecType SelecType SelecType and HP LQ/FX the
The The EPI-4000 consists of three light (LED) lights, and buttons. The lights and the of the You the to and The The shows the (including and or the
Lights POWER On when the turned and supplied. READY On when the ready to This light when received. ON LINE On when the and from the DRAFT On when selected when selected. MANUAL FEED On when the the feed SelecType On when SelecType active. This light when the cover The the
The of the buttons than and. function, whether the cover or closed and what the The following section the of the buttons when the closed. the ON LINE the line/off the the ON LINE light and the and from the Press this to switch and off FORM FEED the off FORM FEED to the memory and of DRAFT whether or the the turned the DRAFT light off. Press this to switch and If DRAFT the with the printed. this to choose higher With the off DRAFT than seconds to The factory-set bidirectional the each to this
If to the while the and then RESET to the the cover the and of Their however, the as as SelecType (whenever the SelecType light off). You sixth which only when the cover SelecType each the section. If the interface and to SelecType to the or MANUAL FEED Ordinarily, this light off and from the to feed manually, the off and this to MANUAL FEED to release the the RESET the off and memory, RESET once to commands and to and feed they selected. this or seconds to to factory (The with this off The the
SelecType The SelecType to the cover and the SelecType of the functions-from the to the SelecTypes to the following: without DIP switches Select or options without software commands. You to learn everything about SelecType to basic of the and the SelecType the quickly. SelecType the of the shows or to of SelecTypes The right of the shows or to option that Reference of SelecType and options. SelecType and their below. the to reach the SelecType the
SelecType Press this to or SelecType. If SelecType active, the SelecType light the SelecType light this to increase the of the This the of SelecType to increase the option (right) of the this to the option. SelecType to the option (right) of the this to the option. SET SelecType SET to the option shown the CLEANING SelecType CLEANING to clean the head. SelecType the
SelecType SelecType Follow these to SelecType: Press ON LINE to the off and the cover. Press SelecType to SelecType Press MENU to choose the Press or to the option If the or while MENU, or the the reappears. choice the Press SET to the CAUTION: SET. to SET SelecType and This section and options when SelecType. and options the whether HP, LQ, or FX of the however, function when LQ or FX These four LQ/FX this chapter. the Reference of HP, LQ and FX and the
HP Emulation the EPI-4000 of the includes options. The factory Chapter of each If to other than the to to match the of the the below to the that there and A4 You these of (with the of the the first) or (with the of the the first). when spreadsheets, graphics, or of and shown below. SelecType and the
SelecType and Option DL C only. If FX You to the of the orientation), or the of the The factory o the A4 A3 A4 A4
The below shows and the to of four of internal A, B, or to the memory from The factory the built-in to the factory, option The other option or appear, whether or or or actually from The when the option. Downloaded Font Source SelecType and the
SelecType and the options this to choose the to The options this the of the the and A, the options this the the The when the option. below those options when the to the internal The factory Upright. Option Upright using the internal shown below: COURIER COURIER BOLD LINE PRINTER the Font
from optional the the If or to the memory, software commands to choose the The this the USA. You to the other than English. the of characters each The factory SO: IBM-US IBM-DN (Danish/Norwegian) ISO (United ISO ISO ISO ISO ISO (Swedish) ISO (Spanish) ISO (ASCII) ISO ISO (JIS ASCII) C ISO SelecType and the
SelecType and The the whether to To the when to off. The factory Option On or off what the when of the following (PS) If the of from the the The reads PS and the off off: If the to off MANUAL FEED to recover from the the and off Then the to the as the SelecType Press ON LINE to the of If to the off-size ON LINE. that however, the than the SelecType the
If the to the PS the than the SelecType Overflow or the memory the or the or too memory, this the off and the reads or off: If to ON LINE. the of its memory If HP II the the amount of the memory and the the EN-4000 the the and then this reason, with memory. SelecType and the
SelecType and this the the and the first the software of top and and when the to to this The factory If the to off, top or established. Option Whenever this the top and text to their This of to It the spacing. This affected the and The factory the of the this completely from other SelecType The following to the this Press ON LINE to the off Press SelecType to SelecType the Margins
Press MENU to the of the to This the Press SET. The flashes the Press or to increase or the other this both the of appears the SET to the The of that to and (as as with The higher than this If to or the of the to the of to the to inches. If commands or to the of to than the reads when SelecType and this It to the and to the top and SelecType and the
SelecType and this to or The showing from It without from The containing information and SelecType and of the The SelecType and to of The factory PO: Option sheet or A4 should to sheets or tests. Other of than Choose the or option and SET (to the the cover. the or finished the off automatically. of the shown below. <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVW <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWX <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXY <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ 23456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[ <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\ 456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\] the
The three options: HP II LQ-2500 and FX-850/1050 The factory HP this HP and choose the HP II Option HP II LQ-2500 FX-85011050 Option IC these become from the the and this to this should its factory A0: off If top of another, to Option A: On SelecType and the
SelecType and This options the interface or The factory interface. If choose to optional interface board, this to whether the board or interface. This optional interface boards the internal The option with the internal RS-232C interface only. Option interface interface (RS-232C) This appears the RS-232C interface option. You this to and software the The factory with the RS-232C interface C0: Option the Interface C: Rate
This appears only the RS-232C option. You from options: or length. and software the The factory with RS-232C length. o This appears the RS-232C interface option. It options and software the The factory with the RS-232C interface E0: Option Word E: Parity SelecType and the
SelecType and This appears the RS-232C interface option. and software the The factory with the RS-232C interface F1 Option the F: X-off
LQ/FX The this section to LQ or FX the Reference of LQ/FX and options. If using LQ or FX and choose characters about of their The amount of reduction the character Also, character spacings, already and reduced further. The factory off. On C This CPI This CPI This CPI LQ/FX SelecType and the
SelecType and The typeface when LQ or FX displays the options below. Other options optional cards. The factory Option the LQ/FX Typeface
LQ or FX the factory this Graphics character this its The Graphics includes international characters, characters, and mathematical as as graphic characters and areas. If the characters, characters without the to the character If the characters, choose the character If to character the to text of both character Option Graphics character character Download character LQ/FX Graphics SelecType and the
SelecType and The country international character The factory USA and with You to the country using other than English. Option USA United Norway America C the Country (LQ/FX)
If LQ or FX this when the optional this the the and the first the software of top and and when the to should this the factory only the the included with the optional tractor. The factory off. Option LQ or FX the of this The of based of inch, of the The to the and the The factory If to the follow the the section HP LQ/FX Margins (LQ/FX) SelecType and the
Choosing Loading Loading the Loading Manually
Choosing The EPI-4000 to commonly of single-sheet and The type of however, directly affects the of the high-quality, to or choice. The EPI-4000 other of office including and the EPI-4000. to bond, or With such as the EPI-4000, to of the absorbency. On that too the slightly and characters. On that enough, the too to and smear easily. The and thickness of the that rough or coated finish. that too thick or too thin. smooth The affected which of the On of the than the other. to the to with the EPI-4000. The of thicknesses.
To the from the the as Chapter and the Next another with the facing and the to which the quality. Chapter specifications the with the EPI-4000. to the of its and cool, such as high or humidity, and the Choosing
Loading The EPI-4000 of and including and and and DL The (factory) of without the To or other of sheet to the of the and with the EPI-4000 or to the the section the SelecType Chapter The EPI-4000 of (or the the You and other of (or the length. Landscape spreadsheets, graphics, and The (factory-set) information and or to the section the SelecType Chapter This to choose and single-sheet and If the optional tractor, the The optional with its information with the tractor and instructions to the tractor, the tractor Loading the The to sheets of or to To or the follow these
Press ON LINE to the off The ON LINE light off. Then MANUAL FEED to the the The MANUAL FEED light the cover, as shown below. the to the as shown below. Then the cover. Loading
Loading the release as shown below. the cover.
Press the the and the the of the as shown below. If too to the the as shown below. Loading
Loading the the of the If the clicks as shown below. the right to roughly match the of or
the the of or and then the to the Loading
Loading If sheets, the the with the that the facing as shown below. If them with the the first and the front of the facing as shown below.
The top of the or below the height the shown below or Loading
Loading You or A4 (with the of the the first), as shown below. You to these of spreadsheets, graphics, or and the using orientation. You of and them the SelecType Chapter Gently the of or the as as Press lightly the of the that the first. Then the right that lightly the
If sheets, the the and the that lightly the as shown below. CAUTION the the or feeding Loading
Loading the cover. the cover. If the to the single-sheet as shown below. To the the Then the cover.
CAUTION: If the the when using sheets, the or properly. Press MANUAL FEED to the the and the or securely The MANUAL FEED light off. Then ON LINE to the The ON LINE light CAUTION: the printed the If there too the graphics A3 or or B) each from the the finishes the If when the section clearing Chapter Loading
Loading Loading Manually the of or This allows to temporarily type or of without the the To manually of or follow these Press ON LINE to the off Then MANUAL FEED to release the the The MANUAL FEED light If to the the SelecType as If to the the SelecType as Chapter the cover, as shown below.
If to the the single-sheet as shown below. To the to the CAUTION: If the the when the or properly. the cover to To the cover Loading
Loading the release as shown below. To the of the with its the the cover, as shown below. the that the
To the with the the first and the front of the facing its the the as shown below. If sheet of the right that lightly the right of the as shown below. Loading
Loading To the feeding enough that the slightly the the To the enough that the slightly the the the the
Press ON LINE to the You the or the of or the finished the previous and the the the sheet or finished using the and to the the MANUAL FEED. The MANUAL FEED light off. Loading
Chapter Font Cards.. Compatible Font Cards.. Caring Font Cards Font Card Selecting Font With Application Selecting Font With SelecType Removing Font Card................................. Recovering From Card Memory Board.. Memory Checking the Memory Board.............................................. Interface Boards Interface
Font Cards Font allow to of type to the The EPI-4000 cards, and of from Compatible Font Cards with of the the EPI-4000. The each of the characters and the You identity and with the EPI-4000. You each only the information the (HP, LQ, or FX to The (factory) HP To the the SelecType Chapter Font Cards cards, follow these or crush cards. The its operation, to straighten touching the the If the becomes dirty, the the with or other to the
their and when them. or of heat. Font withstand from to C to C) and to humidity. Font Card You of the the of the the front. The top and the B. You or identity and B. WARNING: when or You the trying to the or too force. You when the off. To when the follow these the off the cover closed. the cover, the SelecType CAUTION: the reads FF or The FF the memory and the the memory to If of these ON LINE and then allow the to the or to the and then the RESET Then to Font Cards
Font Cards the that the and the arrow the to the and then the If the off and the reads CE, the the when the or when the memory If this the Then ON LINE and to Press ON LINE to the
that the to or SelecType. Selecting Font With Application the HP to the to First selected HP II or from the or information to choose when the section with software If to 17-inch or B) HP when specify the the commands the instructions. follow these instructions, as HP If commands that allow to the SelecType or however, allow to and should to SelecType or commands to To using SelecType, the section. information commands, B. software information to command Selecting Font With SelecType If allow to SelecType to choose the SelecType to Font Cards
Font Cards the HP the SelecType to the of the whether the internal, or downloaded from Then the SelecType to from the The following section to from HP Chapter to the and the LQ or FX to specify the To from the SelecType typeface as If OCR-A or OCR-B from the LQ-FX typeface Selecting HP To from HP follow these the off Then the cover. Press SelecType to SelecType The SelecType light Press MENU the the This the To the to or to the right the Select the (the top or (the The EPI-4000 SelecType options that If or properly or the with the the section earlier this chapter. Press SET to the
CAUTION: SET to to SET Next MENU the the This the To the to or to the right the Select the of the to Font the Press SET to the Release the cover and the cover. the cover, the SelecType Then ON LINE to the Font Card You when the off. To when the follow these the off the cover closed. the cover, the SelecType CAUTION: when the reads FF or The the memory and the the memory to If of these ON LINE and then allow the to the or to the and then the RESET Then to Font Cards
Font Curds To the the the and straight of the as shown below. Recovering From Card If the reads CE, occurred. or when the or when the memory You the or the If when follow these to the the from the Press ON LINE to the The ON LINE light If the memory the finishes or the using and then the RESET If the memory this Press ON LINE to the off
To the the section earlier this chapter. If when follow these to the the Press ON LINE to the The ON LINE light If the memory the finishes or the and then the RESET If the memory this Press ON LINE to the off To the the section earlier this chapter. Font Cards
Memory If often with graphics and downloaded to increase the amount of memory (RAM) the memory the reads or the To increase the amount of memory the the optional memory board. The optional memory board additional 2MB of RAM. the memory board, the of 2.5MB of RAM. Memory To the optional memory board, follow the below. You cross-head screwdriver. WARNING: High the when the the memory board the turned off and the Also, to boards the the electricity from of the the off Then MANUAL FEED. seconds while hear the releasing the the
the cover and the the Then the the first the to and then the other as shown below. the to the right as as they Turn off the and the from the Memory
Memory the to its length, as shown below. cross-head screwdriver to the screw the of the as shown below. the screw
The option cover of the the option board cover and from the as shown below. Then the option cover from the To to the memory board, the to the as as they Then the memory board as shown below and its the the right of the board. Memory
Memory the memory with the three screws that with the memory board, as shown below. the to the right as as they the right and the of the Then the option the and back the option cover with the screw.
the back Then the clicks the and the back of to to the the right that lightly the and the cover. the turned off. the O` the switch the off.) Then the back the Checking the Memory the memory board, to whether the properly installed. To the SelecType as Chapter If the board properly, the the the 2.5MB of memory. Memory
Interface Boards offers optional interfaces to built-in and interfaces. The below the interface boards currently the EPI-4000. Additional to with updated Interface Interface New interface interface IEEE-488 interface The and interface boards interface that conforms to the instead of RS-232C. These interfaces X-on/X-off and/or loopback The IEEE-488 interface board and allows to computers, and other to the that they freely. interface interface
and interfaces from These interfaces allow to and and of IBM If the interface, to the to match the o the interface, the each of the of If whether optional interface, or to know about optional interfaces, Interface To optional interface board, follow the below. You cross-head screwdriver. WARNING: High the when the the interface the turned off and the Also, to boards the because the electricity from of the Turn off the Then the from the interface Boards
Interface Boards Turn the around that the back Then interface from the back of the cross-head screwdriver to the screws that the interface as shown below. the screws
the the interface and the interface straight of the as shown below. Press the the back of the shield plate and the shield the shield plate and other to the interface board Interface Boards
Interface Boards the the of the optional interface the the built-in interface board, as shown below. the optional interface with the three screws that with the optional interface board, as shown below.
the ground (FG) with the FG screw. If already attached, the other of the FG to the the optional interface board. the DIP switches the optional interface board to the instructions the interface board the interface back the as shown below. the interface the the FG caught or pinched something. Then the screws. Interface Boards
Interface Boards the interface to the and to the optional interface Then the around. CAUTION: optional interface board, to the interface from the built-in interface. interface connected the the turned off. Then the back the optional interface board, to and with To the the SelecType interface as Chapter interface board, to the optional interface boards the internal The EPI-4000 factory to using the interface the It to the of the that properly with the should the information optional interface or to match the with the interface. To the Coax or interface, to LQ or FX from the SelecType as Chapter The these interfaces LQ or FX
Chapter and Transportation Cleaning the Cleaning the Head the Cleaning Cleaning the Path the Cartridge.................................................... Transporting the and Transportation
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly year. Follow these to the Turn off the If the optional tractor, the tractor instructions. to or the and Transportation
If the outer or of the covers or dusty, them with cloth with and the cover closed to from the cloth to the WARNING: thinners, or other to clean the These chemicals the and the to the or or the of the with the the think the and Transportation Cleaning the
Cleaning the Head The EPI-4000 offers head cleaning to that the heads correctly. the cleaning automatically. The another cleaning hours. ordinary the cleaning the head clean. If, however, that the the cleaning to clean the head. the head cleaning CAUTION: If with using the right type of the EPI-4000. the section choosing Chapter follow the this section to the cleaning when the reads IL, the If cleaning when the reads IL, the to 1E, the and the the and Transportation
the Cleaning To the cleaning follow these the off If the ON LINE light ON LINE to the off the cover. Then SelecType to SelecType The SelecType light Press CLEANING Then release the and the cover. The reads CL, the head cleaning and the the cleaning If the four to the cleaning If there the when to the cleaning the the (the head to the right cleaning). and Transportation Cleaning the Head
Cleaning the Path The normally cleaning. Follow the this section to the WARNING: There around the path. to them when clean the path. Press ON LINE to the off Then turn off the the cover and the to the the that with to the the path. from to right, the the the right. and Transportation
the Cartridge the reads IL, the there enough the to about the completely of the reads 1E, the and the off Then the back the the first appears, and ready to the when the S020003 the EPI-4000. It the the EPI-4000 enough to or A4 with text or graphics WARNING: Please the following when the EPI-4000: allowing the to or If them immediately with thoroughly of from with and of reach of Follow these to the the off WARNING; or when the or the off that the head the of the and Transportation
the cover, as shown below. the straight of the as shown below. of immediately where or (It and Transportation the Cartridge
the Cartridge The the of the whether the or empty. The when and when empty. (The and the this to the with the the with the top of the as shown below, and the and Transportation
Gently the the the back of the and hear the about inch of from the the cover. and Transportation the Cartridge
Transporting the If to the it its and to the instructions below. the off and then the cover the head properly capped. Press MANUAL FEED to release the the Turn off the WARNING: the off and off the from the the from the and Then the interface from the and the and Transportation
the cover and then the the the protective with the screw, as shown below. and Transportation Transporting the:
Transporting the the and the to the as as they the cover and the that when and Transportation
the cover. the protective the with the of the the as shown below. and Transportation Transporting the
Transporting the Turn the the cover counterclockwise the protective reaches the shown below. the it straight of the as shown below. and Transportation
the and covers. the as the and of shown below. and Transportation Transporting the
Transporting the the to its length. Then the and to from the as shown below. If the optional tractor, the tractor instructions. the and their and boxes. To the section the and follow the the and Transportation
Chapter Trobleshooting and The and Clearing Print.. With Graphics SelecType Troubleshooting
and The of information: and appear the the operation of They the appears to what This section and alphabetical and and their You causing the easily following the below. Chapter included where to information about each The The the clears to software command to the of to than SelecType to the The displays the as or Chapter to the memory The enough memory to the or that to the of or You ON LINE to the the memory, If this appears optional memory board as Troubleshooting
Text or graphics the and the enough memory to the to Simplify the text or graphics, or with software commands. If ON LINE to the If this appears optional memory as Chapter If the SelecType to the cleared though the CE Card This appears of reasons. You when the or when the memory contained the and ON LINE to You when the or when the memory the and ON LINE to CL Cleaning The cleaning the head. and cleaning information. Co The cover Release the cover and the cover; then ON LINE to and Troubleshooting
and CAUTION: the cover while If the off and of the or Processing The If the off while it displays this To ON or FORM FEED. o EA through EF Service If of these appears, write the the displays and immediately off the Turn the seconds to the appears. If it the from the outlet and these that the service. E9 and EA through EF FX FX the displays this FF The memory Press FORM FEED to the the memory. HP HP the displays this Troubleshooting
This appears when the to this chapter information Head The head overheated. The You If this the to cooler location. C charging This appears when the charging the head with The completely or the as Chapter or as Chapter The nearly empty. You to this first appears. Then when the appears, the as LQ LQ the displays this and Troubleshooting
and Envelope The the and trying to or the the single-sheet and trying to the to the and ON LINE to This when the SelecType sheets. Chapter information. release This the the when to or the to the and ON LINE to This when the SelecType This when the optional the the and to the to the and ON LINE to This appears when the of or feed and feeding correctly from the cover. the as Chapter or manually of the as Chapter Press ON LINE to the Follow the instructions to the Then the and ON LINE to Troubleshooting
The SelecType match the the Press MANUAL FEED to the path. the or the from the and the to the SelecType You ON LINE to the currently If this, however, Chapter to the If the SelecType to the PS cleared though the instances, the to This appears when RESET. The with software commands and to the SelecType Factory This appears when the RESET seconds or The SelecType to their factory Chapter of SelecType and their the or the this appears. and Troubleshooting
and This section includes while using the and their the below to the experiencing. If the to the when the The The or Printout or Printout what expected. output or as The of the what expected. Graphics graphics printed. Troubleshooting
SelecType SelecType function as expected. The sheets properly. The feed properly. The the crookedly or the to The and then optional cards, the as expected. optional interface, the as expected. the optional memory board, the function as expected. and Troubleshooting
to the The POWER light the the Troubleshooting The or completely the Turn off the and the the and the then the back The switch off. Turn the switch. The with the outlet that the outlet such as switch. If the that the another to the outlet to whether the outlet operating properly. If the and concern. the the to the the recommended life.
If the optional tractor and correction this section, the included with the tractor. The the The reads PE, The the The reads PS There the or using the feeding Press MANUAL FEED. of the or manually from the cover. Chapter instructions. The match the SelecType or the software commands. Press MANUAL FEED to the and the ON LINE to the currently this the than that SelecType or the software command. Chapter to SelecType Troubleshooting
The the The reads PS The reads PJ. Troubleshooting The crookedly. Press MANUAL FEED to the the and to the If the SelecType to the the the PS appears. The feeding the or the the to the the section.
Clearing the the or to the path, follow these to the the cover. Turn the clockwise to back the the front of the Troubleshooting
Clearing If the turning the from the top of the the cover and follow the the section to the the cover. Press ON LINE to The to from the top of the that Troubleshooting
smear the the If this the as Chapter Removing from the Top of the If the turning the follow these to clear the If sheets, the release to the If the clear the then the when the cleared: Troubleshooting Clearing
Clearing the cover. the from the top of the Troubleshooting
WARNING: force to serious to the If and the touching of the surrounding the when If or the back to the single-sheet Press ON LINE to the The to from the top of the that Clearing Troubleshooting
The or If the reads PE, The the Troubleshooting If the reads PS, the that the of the or manually from the matches the with SelecType. to SelecType choosing or from the SelecType SET enough to the SET this the the reads SP. If the the or
The or The ON LINE light the The interface securely. both of the If using interface, the the The software properly the or to the and the (HP FX, or LQ) matches You the interface that interface both the and specifications. Chapter and You selected the interface with SelecType. that the interface SelecType matches interface. Also, to that the interface correctly with Chapter and Troubleshooting
The or (continued). The ON LINE light off. or characters or graphics. the characters or graphics the cleaning Troubleshooting The off and Press ON LINE to the (the ON LINE light The head clogged. Press ON LINE to the off and the cover. Then SelecType to the SelecType characters appear the CLEANING once. The the head cleaning (the reads CL). the the off automatically. the cover and ON LINE to If the With the off DRAFT than three seconds to then ON LINE to The head
or or too The characters The the the to the The too thin or too thick. that within the specified Chapter You the type of the of too rough or too smooth. Although of business with the to You the of the other to which the The oily, dirty, or clean, Troubleshooting
The what expected. The the selected with software. The characters that to the selected The of characters. Troubleshooting You selected the or that the matches the selected The the selection the choose the selected that the SelecType to the You selected the Specify the with software or with SelecType. If the with software, SelecType to choose the The to the with SelecType selected Chapter information. and correctly. that the interface and that the correct. information. You as this chapter, to reaching the and the from the
The what expected The of characters (continued). The text the Text with each Every other of text backwards. of the or as The correct. that the software matches the with SelecType. Chapter command the of each of the SelecType to Chapter to SelecType feed the SelecType to off. Chapter to SelecType This originally with wheel this the every other backwards to the of the wheel software information to The interface completely. both of the interface securely. Troubleshooting
The what expected of the or as Characters than expected when the LQ or FX Troubleshooting The interface correctly. If interface, that both the and to the of and that they both the parity, and of You the to the from the as this chapter. The faulty. as Chapter If correctly, The selected. If the the DC2 to the Also, the SelecType to off, as Chapter to SelecType
The of the what expected. The from the of the The right or match the of the incorrect. software that the correctly the selected length. You the with SelecType using LQ or FX Chapter to SelecType The of incorrect. the software incorrectly. the the software and the of users the as this chapter, to the from the to and ASCII characters. Troubleshooting
With Graphics The graphics. the graphics. You graphics the RS-232C interface. The graphics and the reads Troubleshooting You the If try to with another the that the matches the currently selected operating software to HP and then the with SelecType, to graphics. The SelecType correctly. graphics, that Chapter to SelecType enough memory Simplify the text or choosing graphics, or memory as If ON LINE to simplify or memory,
The graphics. The appears and the graphics. The enough memory to the and software the Simplify the trying to reducing the of or or memory to the as Chapter You ON LINE to the however, With Graphics Troubleshooting
SelecType SelecType function as expected. The with SelecType. SelecType appear the Troubleshooting The software the the or the This that the software. software information. You turning off or the If SET to to SelecType the to its SelecType when off or the You trying to that the currently selected Not the HP LQ
SelecType function as expected (continued). that previous SelecType that It to SelecType of SelecType to the interface from to and the to SelecType Troubleshooting
The properly. The or incorrectly. that the release and that loaded. Chapter Troubleshooting You the correctly. that the the of the the The correctly. the The and right too closely together and the from feeding smoothly. the that the freely the
The feed properly The ON LINE light off. The the crookedly or the to crookedly the The feeding and PJ appears the The off Press ON LINE to the The correctly. the that the freely and If the too tight they the to they too the the crookedly. the Follow the instructions earlier this chapter to the The too to the right. If this the the the or and when the to the You to the as Troubleshooting
The the crookedly or the to The or sheets the The the then to the The and then The reads PS. Troubleshooting You too of the The of sheets of sheets. The of sufficiently. of to first and the of the There too the than of this You using that selected with the SelecType You to the ON LINE; however, the the than the SelecType
The and then The currently SelecType The reads PS match If to the ON LINE. however, the the than. the SelecType To the follow the below: Press MANUAL FEED to feed the then ON LINE to the off If the processing) appears, RESET the then ON LINE. If would to the already the to the SelecType Press SelecType to SelecType. Then choose the and SET to Chapter to SelecType Press MANUAL FEED to release the Then the the to the the SelecType. Troubleshooting
The and then The reads PS (continued). You to manually, the properly. Troubleshooting If the SelecType the about the PS appears. this the memory the the than the SelecType. The or creased. the and clean If creased, the only that within the specified the cover too the that the and freely.
optional the as expected. The selected. You from the and the CE appears the The or the of SelecType correctly. the the as The or selected. containing the selected Chapter You the correctly. Follow instructions Chapter to the Then ON LINE to Troubleshooting
optional interface, the as expected. The or the Troubleshooting The interface correctly. If using interface, that both the and to the of and that they both the and of the You to the DIP switch of interface board. these however, the turned off. Chapter The optional interface correctly. Turn off the and the interface and Then to that the of the the correctly. Chapter You the interface with to the right that shielded
optional memory board, the function as expected. The printed. The reads or The correctly. Turn the and SelecType to try to the memory the If the memory the board, the as Chapter with the memory board enough memory to the created. Simplify the trying to choosing graphics, or using software commands to the Troubleshooting
that easy users to the of the and the The of the reaching the Follow these to the that the with single-sheet. or If the switch off. Then both ON LINE and FORM FEED the the The reads and the If the the automatically, then Troubleshooting
that the to or The the from of LQ shown below. On the of the the On the right of the characters printed, and the others, such as To off the ON LINE to the off If the reads FF, FORM FEED to the memory. Turn off the reading the characters the text field the right of the or the of which to the To the the first three the of the Each the T. the of the text field the right of the and the preceded Troubleshooting
The chart below the first of the Command 1B40 ESC 1B5200 ESCR0 1B7401 Troubleshooting Function Select USA character Select Graphics
Technical Specifications Specifications Mechanical Interface Specifications Interface Interface HP LQ and FX Technical Specifications
Specifications coverage Bidirectional with Unidirectional Fonts HP P/L Upright P/L Upright Technical Specifications On The the and of
LQ and FX Upright/italic* P/L Upright/Italic* Medium/Bold* P/L Medium/Bold* P/L.* Upright/Italic Medium/Bold* P/L. P= L= The the and effects internally instead of from the built-in feed Capacity: to of insertion sheets, Optional tractor. (The that with the its specifications.) to sheets of to sheets of or to Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications sheets feed the Technical Specifications (inches second) This the which the continuously. It the to Capacity: than high coverage the the the A4 other to than coverage
Quality: Width: Length: Thickness: Quality: Width: The EPI-4000 or inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to to to The EPI-4000 only. A4, A3, (B) You the SelecType. bond, On the and. smears when the to high and high humidity, such as C), RH. this inches to to Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications Length: Thickness: Technical Specifications inches to inches to You the following three using SelecType: inches inches inches DL: inches inches inches to inches to Differences thickness within the than inches to to You manually only.
only of the than inches inches the to the (with the and with the the first, as shown below. of the the to match the of the Technical Specifications Specifications
Printable The the This section shows the and assured and and the HP, LQ, and FX CAUTION: of the The pitch assured below inches from the of the If try to to the of the of the the characters that would to the of the and printed. The that with the optional tractor the Technical Specifications
The of the from to inches to The of the from to inches to The of the shown from to to The of the from to inches to Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications HP Technical Specifications
HP A4 A3 A4 The this The this slightly affected such items as the of the Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications Printable LQ and FX Technical Specifications feeding feeding
Printable LQ and FX A4 A4 A3 A4 DL The this The this slightly affected such items as the of the Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications Color: Approximately ounces capacity: capacity: of life: Technical Specifications #SO20003 Black the first displays the IL there enough the to coverage. years its passed. to C to C) to C to C) The C) years. that withstand month I? C) and hours C). The C). that It to thaw C).
ounces (W) inches (D) Cartridge inches (H) Mechanical the inches (W) inches (D) inches (H) (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) Including the inches (W) (D) inches (H) (W) (D) (H) Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications VAC Rated Allowable VAC to VAC to Rated Allowable to Rated Insulation VDC AC and chassis) strength: Can withstand VAC or VAC AC and chassis) Technical Specifications MCBF (Mean head) MTBF (Mean hours head
CPU: RAM: ROM: interface: IC software 512KB Optional: 2MB memory 512KB 256KB interface RS-232C interface Optional: New interface interface IEEE-488 interface interface interface and interfaces from These interfaces allow connectivity to and and of IBM A: and identity B: HP II ESC/P (FX-1000/800, ESC/P (LQ-2500) Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications to C to C) Humidity: to RH to RH without The following the of and the operating Technical Specifications to C to C) to C-30 C to C)
Interface Specifications with both and interface. Interface The built-in interface the following characteristics: STROBE Synchronization: BUSY and ACKNLG TTL or Connector: chart The of each than Technical Specifications
assignments the interface The following the interface assignments and the interface BUSY OUT Text Text Technical Specifications Direction STROBE DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA About LOW that and that the IS ready to This paired with the BUSY ACKNLG PE SLCT IN The STROBE to the input The should than the latched the of this IN These information the first to eighth of respectively. HIGH when and LOW when IN IN IN IN IN IN IN OUT HIGH that the The HIGH the following each character) when the off HIGH that the OUT of The effective only when the ERROR OUT to +5V through
Direction If this LOW when the AUTO IN NC Not used. GND ground chassis ground, which CHASSIS NC Not used. Twisted-pair ground GND INIT IN this LOW, the the STROBE This becomes LOW when the ERROR OUT off GND Twisted-pair ground NC Not used. OUT to +5V through The DC1/DC3 SLCT IN IN only when this HIGH (when SLCT IN to off). initialized, FEED XT CR LO and FX only). SelecType to the GND isolated from the ground. Technical Specifications Interface Specifications
Interface Specifications interface based the TTL The and of each than the ACKNLG or BUSY to this only the of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground to twisted-pair the interface of each and to the the These should shielded and connected to the chassis of the and the Technical Specifications
Interface The built-in interface asynchronous RS-232C interface. It the following characteristics: Synchronization: RS-232C DTR X-ON/X--OFF, or of both Word length: or Parity or or Stop -3V to -27V +3V to +27V Technical Specifications Interface Specifications
Interface Specifications Decreases to input X-OFF or DTR to Increases to Can input X-ON or DTR to There SelecType that X-ON/X-OFF to Ignored. If detected, the other such as or Connector: D-SUB Technical Specifications
assignments the interface Direction C This connected to the chassis. TXD OUT X-ON/X-OFF. RXD IN This from the to the GND ground REV OUT as DTR. RTS) DTR OUT This whether the ready to If the ready selected, this HIGH (that the ready to If the ready selected, the when the LOW. the DTR LOW, the within characters, The DTR HIGH or LOW with SelecType. The heading Direction to the of as from the Technical Specifications Interface Specifications
The below the to of type when You the Software Software the command. You the RESET the the first three to the The fourth to the the factory of The following the that become when the initialized. The the Technical Specifications You factory holding the RESET than seconds.
HP Item Factory SelecType SelecType Copy count SelecType SelecType VMI inch HMI inch HMI of the selected Top inch inch Text SelecType Landscape SelecType Right right right Perforation On SelecType termination CR=CR, LF=LF, CR=SelectType inch) text length. (The and text and the SelecType The and text measured inches.) FF=FF LF=LF, FF=FF Technical Specifications
Item Fonts (both and secondary) Spacing Pitch Height Typeface Font ID Character graphic ID of function Advanced graphics *Font NVRAM, and selected with the SelecType Technical Specifications Factory Upright ID ID SelecType
LQ and FX Item Factory Perforation of the of the Right the right with SelecType. inch inch Every characters. Every characters. (The character (The character Cleared Cleared VFU Character the SelecType International SelecType USA character Typeface SelecType Character SelecType Graphics character SelecType the SelecType Technical Specifications SelecType SelecType SelecType SelecType
Fonts and A-2 HP Fonts A-2 A-3 LQ and FX A-12 A-12 A-13 Character Converting to Decimals A-17
HP This section the and HP The (factory) HP Fonts The EPI-4000 offers of HP The and other characteristics. You these and they You as Chapter The following the HP and of with them. Font P/L P/L P/L The the only the character the or A-2
To as the section selecting with Chapter You SelecType (the and Chapter or commands. HP the EPI-4000 allows to of which with international, and other characters. of these only the international characters to each To HP or the SelecType Chapter You commands. This section character of the HP The both the characters and their To the character, the character the to the top of the the first of the character. Then to the of the the the character Z of 5A. To the character, the the character. Then the the of this chapter to the to The ID the the of the to that HP A-3
HP HP ID 8U) A-4
HP ID 0E) HP A-5
HP HP IBM-US ID 10U) A-6
HP ID 11U) HP A-7
HP ISO ANSI ASCII ID 0U) A-8
ISO ANSI International ISO ID ANSI ASCII 0U 0D French 0F HP 0G 0I JIS ASCII 0K 0S 1D 1E UK 1F 1G HP Spanish 1S Chinese Spanish 2S IRV 2U Swedish 3S IBM 5S IBM Spanish HP
HP ECMA-94 ID ON) A-10
HP ID 1U) HP A-11
LQ and FX This section the and character LQ and FX The (factory) HP To to LQ or FX the SelecType Chapter Fonts The EPI-4000 offers of LQ and FX The and other characteristics. the LQ or FX these and they You as The following the LQ and FX and of text with them. Font P/L P/L P/L the If the SelecType the the A-12
The the the character the or To the SelecType typeface or commands. Character This section character the character LQ and FX The both the characters and their To character the SelecType graphics as Chapter To the character, the character the to the top of the the first of the character. Then to the of the the the character Z of 5A. To the character, the the character. Then the the of this to the to LQ and FX Emulation A-13
LQ and FX Character You to the character to You when the graphics character selected. A-14
Graphics Character LQ and FX A-15
LQ and FX International Character LQ the and international A-16 xcharacter
Converting to If to instead of numbers, to using the below. the the first of the and the the The that to the intersection of the with the first and the with the to the of the 5A, where intersects A. There the C C A-17
and Commands B-2 the With SelecType B-2 Information B-2 Fonts and Font Cartridges B-3 HP B-4 B-4 Command Summary HP B-5 EN-4000 and HP Command Differences B-5 Commands B-6 Positioning B-9 B-10 Font Selection Font B-16 Soft Font Creation B-16 Graphics.. B-17 B-19 B-19 Command Summary LQ/FX B-20 EN-4000 and LQ/FX Command Differences B-20 B-24 B-24 Motion B-25 Motion B-26 B-27 and Character B-28 B-28 B-29 Word Processing Character B-29 Characters B-30 B-30 Graphics B-1 and
EPI-4000 with the following HP II LQ-2500 FX-850/1050 This information to as HP II, LQ-2500, or FX-850/1050 It the commands HP or LQ/FX the With SelecType the factory to II the as LQ-2500 or FX To Chapter There instruction to SelecType Information specify the type of selecting that software to commands to the Application often or that of to choose from. and Commands B-2
The EPI-4000 factory to II and this factory the of features. the HP and choose of the below from They of preference. HP II or HP HP HP HP If 17-inch or B) of choose the HP about HP Chapter The of choices to HP (The choices with such as A, B, or C.) and Font Cartridges There These to the the HP II They the of other cards. and Commands B-3
HP EPI-4000 offers HP software the HP II Simply follow the softwares instructions with HP II EPI-4000 functions than with HP II These include the following: The to of without the easy-to-use to clear ESC/P with software written and Printable The of the the II and the EN-4000 the The of characters that the the exactly the as from HP II Another that with EPI-4000. Although with HP II the EPI-4000 II the technical specifications the optional tractors information the this type of and Commands B-4
Command Summary HP This section the commands HP information commands, the II Technical Reference EPI-4000 and HP Command commands this section closely II commands, the following: ESC to the following (B) A4 A3 This the SelecType Other specified with this command. To of the the SelecType Chapter The ESC to specify feeding. The the following effects: EPI-4000 action II action from from feed, or optional tractor from from feed, or optional ESC the and the with this the as those the command. B-5 and Commands
Command Summary HP Commands Function Backspace of of input ESC&I0H ESC&I1H from feed and Commands B-6 Command BS LF FF CR SO SI ESC HT SP ESCE
Function and (B) A4 A3 of Margins and Text Top Text of right Clear Perforation Spacing motion of Command Summary HP Command ESC&I1A ESC&I6A ESC&I26A ESC&I#P ESCXI10 ESC&I#E ESC&I#F ESC9 ESC&I1L ESC&I0L and Commands B-7
Command Summary HP Command Function Spacing motion of 1/48-inch inch inch inch inch inch inch inch inch inch inch inch B-8 and Commands ESC&I#C ESC&I1D ESC&IGD ESC&I12D ESC&I16D
Cursor Positioning Function and of of of of of of feed Termination termination CR=CR LF=LF FF=FF CR=CR+LF LF=LF FF=FF CR=CR LF=CR+LF FF=CR+FF CR=CR+LF LF=CR+LF FF=CR+FF Command HP Command ESC ESC&f0S ESC&f1S B-9 and Commands
Command Summary HP Font Selection Command Function Selection ISO ASCII ISO Norway ISO United ISO ISO ISO ISO ISO ISO JIS ASCII Math-72 ISO OCR-A ISO Norway ISO ISO Technical OCR-B ISO ISO Spain ISO IRV ISO ISO ISO ISO OEM-1 and Commands B-10 ESC(0B ESC(0U ESC(8U ESC(0E ESC(0D ESC(1E ESC(0F ESC(0G ESC(0I ESC(0S ESC(1S ESC(0A ESC(0K ESC(0M ESC(0N ESC(0O ESC(1D ESC(1F ESC(1G ESC(1K ESC(1M ESC(1O ESC(1U ESC(2K ESC(2S ESC(2U ESC(3S ESC(4S ESC(5S ESC(6S ESC(7U
Function Command Selection IBM-US IBM-D/N Secondary ISO ASCII ISO Norway ISO United ISO ISO ISO ISO ISO Math-7 ISO JIS ASCII Math-72 ISO OCR-A ISO Norway ISO ISO OCR-B ISO ISO ISO IRV Command Summary HP ESC(8G ESC(8M ESC(10U ESC(11U ESC(15U ESC)0B ESC)0U ESC)8U ESC)0E ESC)0D ESC)1E ESC)0F ESC)0G ESC)0I ESC)0S ESC)1S ESC)0A ESC)0K ESC)0M ESC)0N ESC)0O ESC)1D ESC)1F ESC)1G ESC)1K ESC)1M ESC)1O ESC)1U ESC)2K ESC)2S ESC)2U B-11 and Commands
Command HP Command Function Selection Secondary ISO ISO ISO ISO Math-8 IBM-US IBM-D/N Font Spacing Secondary Pitch pitch CPI CPI CP Secondary pitch CPI CPI CPI and Commands B-12 ESC)3S ESC)4S ESC)5S ESC)6S ESC)7U ESC)8G ESC)8M ESC)10U ESC)11U ESC)15U ESC(s10H ESC(s12H ESC(s16.6H ESC)s10H ESC)s12H ESC)s16.6H
Command Function Secondary Upright Secondary Upright Command HP Emulation ESC(s0S ESC(s1S ESC)s0S ESC)s1S B-13 and Commands
Command HP Function Command Light Secondary Light Typeface typeface Helvetica Gothic Presentations ITC Black Black Century Schoolbook University B-14 and Commands ESC(s-3B ESC(s0B ESC(s3B ESC)s-3B ESC)s0B ESC)s3B ESC(s0T ESC(s1T ESC(s2T ESC(s3T ESC(s4T ESC(s5T ESC(s6T ESC(s7T ESC(s8T ESC(s9T ESC(s10T ESC(s11T ESC(s17T ESC(s18T ESC(s19T ESC(s20T ESC(s21T ESC(s22T ESC(s23T ESC(s24T
Command Function Typeface Secondary typeface Helvetica Gothit ITC Black Broadway Black Century Schoolbook University Font Pitch Font pitch pitch Compressed pitch floating Command HP ESC)s0T ESC)s1T ESC)s2T ESC)s3T ESC)s4T ESC)s5T ESC)s6T ESC)s7T ESC)s8T ESC)s9T ESC)s10T ESC)s11T ESC)s17T ESC)s18T ESC)s19T ESC)s20T ESC)s21T ESC)s22T ESC)s23T ESC)s24T B-15 and Commands
Command HP Font Function Font Specify ID Font ID Font and character temporary specified ID Clear character temporary Font Selection ID Secondary Font ID ESC(3@ selection Soft Font Creation Function Soft Font Creation header) of bytes. Download character of bytes. Specify character ASCII B-16 and Commands Command ESC(#X ESC)#X or ESC)3@ Command ESC)s#W ESC(s#W
Graphics Function Graphics inch inch inch inch graphics Landscape: top-most Landscape: of graphics of of (height) of (height) of Command HP Command ESC*t75R ESC*t100R ESC*t150R ESC*t300R and Commands B-17
Command HP Graphics Command Function ID ID B-18 and Commands
Function Command ID and ID ID temporary ID temporary Function of bytes. of Command Summary HP ESC&f1X ESC&f2X ESC&f4X ESC&f6X ESC&f9X ESC&f10X Command ESCY ESCZ ESC&s0C ESC&s1C B-19 and Commands
Command Summary LQ/FX This summary the commands the LQ or FX Command indicated lowercase The below the indicated. ESC with ESC that to the and to off. ESC with ESC command with of EPI-4000 and LQ/FX Command Differences LQ and FX with the EPI-4000, the (such as or of the the The following commands or LQ and FX ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC BELL and Commands B-20
The following commands FX LQ ESC1 7/72-inch ESC^ graphics ESC character The commands below function slightly when LQ or FX Also, of the commands which the of the of LQ/FX and the EPI-4000. ESC G, ESC These commands effects the EPI-4000 On LQ these commands slightly and combined to characters. SI, ESC SI These commands characters and characters On LQ/FX these the ESC This normally to and LQ (NLQ) LQ or FX ,this EPI-4000 characters Quality. Command Summary LQ/FX B-21 and Commands
Command Summary LQ/FX ESC This double-height characters, operationally the following LQ the ESC command when the the first of the LQ the of each character. The EPI-4000 the character when If the EPI-4000 FX mode-When this with ESC to double-width, double-height characters, FX increase the FX the EPI-4000 increase the ESC S0, ESC ESC ESC the characters below printed: characters and double-height characters the first of the characters and characters the of the ESC C, ESC C0 the ESC C or ESC C to the LQ or FX than the of the EPI-4000 page-by-page, each of LQ or FX provided. when the with the ESC C or ESC C0 command from the length. B-22 and Commands
DEL The EPI-4000 the DEL as BS command. the as LQ or FX although the EN-4000 clear characters. CAN Although LQ or FX clears the its to this command, the EPI-4000 the ESC EM The EPI-4000 ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC and ESC The EN-4000 that as closely as the LQ and FX of this process, the graphics commands exactly the the EN-4000 as they LQ or FX Command Summary LQ/FX B-23 and Commands
Command Summary LQ/FX ASCII Hex. ESC DC1 DC3 DEL 7F ESC 3C ESC ESC EM ESC 3D ESC 3E ESC BEL ASCII Hex. CR CAN and Commands B-24 0D Select Character Select Unidirectional Turn Unidirectional On/Off Sheet R: Ejects Turns off MSB to MSB to MSB
Motion ASCII Hex. FF ESC ESC ESC 4E ESC LF ESC ESC ESC ESC3 ESC ESC ESC VT ESC ESC ESC 2F 0C 4F 0A 4A 0B Command LQ/FX of of Perforation of Perforation Select Spacing Select 1/6-inch Spacing n/360-inch Spacing n/180-inch Spacing n/60-inch Spacing n/180-inch n/180-inch feed Vertically to should as ESC the first selects Select the (O-7) B-25 and Commands
Command Summary LQ/FX Motion ASCII Hex. ESC 6C Margin ESCQ Right Margin right BS Backspace ESC from the 5C HT ESC and Commands B-26 of Relative of and LQ of to Terminated
ASCII Hex. ESC ESC 6B Select Quality Font OCR-B OCR-A and with optional only) ESC Select To the of together the of the to from the below. condensed: emphasized: Command LQ/FX Emulation Select Quality or Quality and Commands B-27
Command Summary LQ/FX and Character ASCII Hex. ESC ESC 4D ESC ESC SI OF ESC SI OF DC2 o 0E ESC SO 0E ESC DC4 ESC ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC B-28 and Commands Hex. Select Select Select Select 2D Turn On/Off Select CPI Select CPI CPI Turn On/Off Select Select Double-wide Select Double-wide Turn Double-wide On/Off Double-wide Turn Double-high On/Off
Word Processing ASCII Hex. ESC ESC SP Character ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC Hex. Select Character Selects character Graphics Download characters Command LQ/FX Select Justification Intercharacter Select Select International Character USA, Germany, 3:UK, Italy, II, II, America II B-29 and Commands
Command LQ/FX Characters Hex. ASCII ESC Characters ESC:000 3A Copy ROM to RAM ESC Select Normal ESC Printable Characters With Graphics the of as characters ESC ESC Graphics ASCII Hex. ESC 4B ESC 4C ESC ESC 5A ESC 3F ESC 5E ESC K, L, Y, and each B-30 and Commands Select Graphics Select Graphics Select High-speed Select Graphics Reassign Graphics Reassigns to K, L, Y, or (O-6) Select Graphics
Graphics (con't) ASCII Hex. ESC Option High-speed CRT CRT II CRT III Hex-density* this Command LQ/FX Select Graphics Selects graphics B-31 and Commands
that these apply specifically to software that such as or graphics. ASCII American Information assigning to and this the SelecType each (CR) feed (LF) of the of Usually to second. bidirectional which the head from to right every other On other from right to This increases the of the head both or which the of information or graphics graphic of graphics.
that than characters and typically to to offered as memory. of information consisting of usually to character or character of numbers, and that with the characters character to character placement--fixed- pitch and characters inch of the of text characters. which both perforated and The EPI-4000 using the optional tractor to such as or feed. characters inch.
or that when the turned or initialized. graphics graphics. of information from to the that the memory from inch. This of the EPI-4000 One of the of thinned from the Quality that the that of the Quality Quality. The of that commands from the commands the known as Graphics character The Graphics character international characters, characters, and character graphics corners, and areas. ESC to commands.
ESC/P This of commands software of from It and software computers. pitch to the character of which the the characters, as distinguished from spacing. fixed-pitch characters such as lowercase as as characters such as W. the HP II the character of and specified the following spacing, pitch, typeface, and the ESC/P of type family optional IC that and that the to the top of the graphics of that allows to graphic type of that to the reaching the This as troubleshooting
IC Optional that of the the the to its of interface The the and the interface character or and interface international characters Accented and other characters that commonly country. which the characters This that oriented the This that than high and spreadsheets. Quality One of Quality increases the and reduces the The of LED Light-Emitting that light. Used lights the of LED which constructed from LED They as counters the of
memory The of the that to information. information and to the operates. Information that to the from the (such as and graphics) temporarily it RAM and ROM. the SelecType of such as the or These option. Three commonly with and the and This the I6 and the A, B, C, D, E, and F. This and and only the and information to that or off. often and off the off with the the to with the
option the SelecType the and each of those the interface the or option These &o to the which characters as they This or interface interface. of the of the and The height of typeface as measured from the top of the character to the of the lowest. typographic of to inch. that oriented upright the (as to which oriented the This the or of operating commands that from the and acted existing The EPI-4000 offers three HP II, LQ, and FX.
of quality: and Quality (LQ). high-speed, LQ to polished which the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten tractor optional that through the Access Memory. The of the memory as input and characters, and graphics Information RAM and when the interrupted. To to its command, interface RESET or turning the off and Memory. The of the memory that Information ROM to the operates. ROM. SelecType of the that allows to and of the from the front interface interface. that the and other information. You this the SelecType
to whether or character The upright and of numbers, and characters) assigned to character of the of the with the SelecType the the characters that its ROM. typeface of characters, of which the characters such as The typeface such as only. Allows than bidirectional graphics. The or thickness of character. selected as