Instruction Technical Support: V2.0 July D88
Section the D88 Section the Section with the Section the Section Templates with CorelDRAW sublimation templates templates Sublimation Section Sublimation Section Sublimation and CorelDRAW Section Introducing CorelDRAW and its CorelDRAW's Common CorelDRAW Section Printable's Sublimation hints and Troubleshooting Section CONTENTS CorelDRAW troubleshooting and
the D88 the D88 software CD-ROM CD-ROM The CD 'Custom from the as below. appears It OK and to the USB connected to the PC and then the as instructed the found this as The D88 Click OK. follow the D88 below. to the and Right click the D88 and Click as then follow the below. Click Click Advanced Click The Follow the below to the and Right the D88 and Click Click the Click the Progress' Un-tick Un-tick EPSON Click OK three to the ICM Click then OK closed.
this section to the from the The www.xpres.co.uk/technical.php You the the CD with the feed This CorelDRAW. the right and choose from the top of the The and feedback. to the option. If this the the .ICM to .ICC then re-try. CorelDRAW and the RGB the then CMYK You the appear as below. CorelDRAW X3 'RGB previous to CorelDRAW X3', the effects' section the the to as shown To the of the switched switched off). To the or off the arrow Click the of the to the shown below This CorelDRAW that to Select the choose the from the the ICC or restarted the ICC installation. and CorelDRAW Click covert RGB from the Click Select RGB from the Click OK.
Select the ICC (If Photoshop the created You the of ICC If ICC the instead. RGB Select RGB Click the and then Click OK. CorelDRAW's You with as with the ICC ready You the below D88 D88 The D88 the highlighted. If it from the Then OK. the and the ticked. the 'Apply ICC when using other the D88
Bottles and assembly and including re-priming, CD (including correction and instructions) to housing). ITINERY D88 Instructions
Turn the and the the printhead to the the from the This allows the printhead to manually from the the from the bot- throw these as these the bottles the the of the chamber (through the this each then the supplied.
the bottles to the of the as shown. NEVER PLACE THE BOTTLES HIGHER THAN THIS (If the bottles higher then the the of the there twists the the through the the printhead (If this already as the operation of the the they the printhead to the the from the and the as shown the twisted..
the from the the and to the housing as shown. the back the supply and the printhead back and forth then charge. this charge should the flowing through the the The the and the of the
the to the correctly. If they to If head and the You should the If or head cleans this Occasionally stubbornly refuse to of head cleans. There of reasons this including the of the first or without One of this to force the clean. To this to to the and when about of the printed, (and the (Shown this or seconds the the head and then where off to this You to this the should to the If to the the the clean. immediately this. If this to If there with the to least hour another If there this clean including the hour
the bottles the and with the (that throw the This the chamber shown the chamber through the the first! Then the and the If this followed and the chamber allowed to with with the to the as shown
that allowed to If allowed to below the recommended the bottles to the and the This the completely This completely to the amount of the first and the to to the Press the the and the the and provided. the through the the back pulled the the the and follow the charging the printhead
this section learn to sublimation and the to the to the this the If the templates these from the Technical section of www.xpres.co.uk/technical.php You these the Technical CD, and CD. Click New From Template the then towards where Sublimation templates Select the then OK. Select template You templates as this with only. Click of the templates and the the this with Click and the template to the of the clicking from the and the You as Click the selection to the slightly than the as below. Click Effects You arrow appear, the or to the to the You the appear (fitted) to the template as with templates
with templates If the correctly first right the and choose from the You Effects the the and the template the the right You the the with the right and choose Editing This from the You this clicking Effects Editing This ready to to with the .ICC templates Sublimation templates slightly than the You the of the template as this to the the XP6006 Heat to the to the The only template the the template as this when printed. To once to the template to The section to the the D88 flushed/primed the with the with the that as below. the the D88, the least hour to allow the to with the four the or to the feed instructions If the the cleaning than three followed If than three cleans required, the to least thirty the cleaning process. the D88 as this and the rather than the from the to the head the to the feed instructions of this information. Sublimation and (A4) (A3) and the bright white only.
Introducing CorelDRAW CorelDRAW of which to of the and of the this section to the CorelDRAW and what they and through the to CorelDRAW. of the CorelDRAW with of the based Corel Text Interactive Interactive Interactive Distortion Envelope Transparency Interactive Interactive its Each of the shown the and the Text what flyout to the the and the allowing to the Each of the flyout shown below of where the the the and their Roughen Paintbucket Artistic Curve, Interactive Connector, Graph of Arrow Shapes, Shapes, Callout
CorelDRAW's The This the that CorelDRAW, the and selecting and of the other holding the and within the that clicking with The the to with the to the to the right to and around the with the and to the selected The the Curve flyout and the Click where to the first and the the the to Release the the where to the and the to the Double-click to the The This with the to This to the of and to the The of these that clickand the and the that would to the The Text with this and then type as with the that the options the top of the such as type and as as the formatting The This the of to the of the selecting the first with the and then choosing the to The The exactly the as the the of the of the of selecting the first then choosing the to The Interactive These of that allow to artist to the CorelDRAW such as and Grouping CorelDRAW allows to with other this that when or resized and other with the action to them. To the to the and to then "Group" or the the "Group", to Ungroup the action the "Ungroup" option. Common CorelDRAW
Common CorelDRAW There to CorelDRAW. You and the selection around the the Property You the of proportionally its aspect You specifying or the directly. Scaling specified You anchor from its to of its selection You the to and type the If the ratio the and height of the If the wish. Duplicating There of CorelDRAW. The that terms of plotting to the with the then CTRL+D. You then the manually the The to to the Transformation Click Transformations The Transformation the right CorelDRAW. the and the apply buttons The the right shows which selected and ready to duplicated. To increase or the positioning the or the arrows. This function the from the The relative option there to where the to appear. On the selected the to appear the of the 'Apply To to the From the transformation and and Sublimation hints and sublimation protective coating which pressing. The of these the clocks, and coasters. other products coatings. the facing when the heat and the If this or to the Sublimation and which and below based the Press XP5013 Coated (increase to top to XP5011 (increase to top to XP5015 Coated (increase to top to XP5014 Coated (top to recommended this type of XP5013 and XP5014 dishwasher to the sublimation chart or information and other products. ratio factor Selection
troubleshooting and CorelDRAW To CorelDRAW to and the to (ALT+Z)'. the to 'Text' and correct'. Un-tick boxes. memory increase the memory to CorelDRAW If CorelDRAW and of memory increasing this recommended). To the of text CorelDRAW (rather than the Click to and the to the top and to the cluster. plastic, appears the and as illustrated the information the correctly. whether the facing the heat If top to them the and information). hints and the Subli-T's? as the to the heat applying the The the heat too high. the the the immediately and/or increase the the The sublimation appears the sublimation appears heat applied, and become the ICC correction software. the of the Sublimation the bright white CorelDRAW to the There this. Highlight with the then the (F10) CorelDRAW, the CTRL then the selection the of the While the and the to If the CorelDRAW should Corel PHOTO-PAINT. the to as the FAQ section the hints and www.xpres.co.uk/technical.php