Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. If as the Unpack
Turn On the to Press the On Turn On
Select and country. Press or to the option: Press OK when the Daylight Daylight and currently (DST effective from March through to off the Press or to the then
the to the Press or to the then the to the Press OK when
Cartridges Dont the the the cover. the then them. only the from each Dont other from the Cartridges
the the each Press the they click. the cover and clicks. the Cartridges
Press the OK to Charging about Dont off the while the On light flashing or the and its the the to the and the
the right and the with the Dont the first. the
Cord To the faxing, the included from telephone to the LINE the To or the instructions. If connecting to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the Follow the below to the and to the to the the to the and hand-tighten Then as shown below. to the or the Cord
the to the back of the the included and-loop The should as shown below: Software and the software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and and Follow the instructions this section to the If the the and Software network and correctly. Then follow the instructions below to the and the Software and the
Software and Connecting the You to the and other software the and Follow the on-screen instructions to and the ABBY included with the the software CD. With the the Account Click and follow the on-screen instructions. Select and Next If to USB USB Follow the on-screen instructions. installation ready to Select the option all-in-one the first or Then Next and follow the on-screen instructions. Follow the on-screen instructions to the included USB the and Then Next of the included Ethernet or router. Then the other the Ethernet the and Next the the and Then Next and turned Then Next The software Follow the instructions of these sections to the Installation: If to the all-in-one wireless using Advanced Installation: If to the IP manually or the wired Software and the
the with Follow these to the and to wireless this and Next You of the wireless that the Select wireless then Next If the Network Security security and Next Follow the on-screen instructions to the Ethernet from the and or router. Follow the on-screen instructions to the installation. the CD. ready to and or Software and the
the with Advanced Follow these to the If the the and Software this Advanced and Next Select Wireless or Wired and Next Select to the IP DHCP) or Advanced to manually, and Next of the following: If chose to the manually, the IP and If chose to the automatically, with the Select wireless then Next If the Network Security and click Next Confirm then Next Follow the instructions to the the CD. ready to and or on-screen Software and the
the and Software Follow the instructions this section to the the included USB the and of the included Ethernet Then the other the Ethernet the the the and all-in-one and turned with IP of (where and and type the the as the and as the You this Select from the the top. the and Software
Select Wireless from the the the the ESSID field. Click Next Select from the the to the created the software CD. With the the Account Click and follow the on-screen instructions. Select and Next Select the option Then Next. Follow the on-screen instructions to the installation. the CD. ready to and or on-screen the and Software
the and Card and to to MFP from the all-in-one to allow other to these Follow the below to and all-in-one the MFP software: Double-click the MFP the You this Select the MFP and all-in-one the MFP and the and Card
the below The cant found that the turned and correctly. the connected to the and that upright. that and connected to the wireless If the another with the SSID as should SSID to conflicts. that the connected to with the included Ethernet the installation. If software firewall the to from, to to the software. If necessary, TCP and UDP and firewall software. firewall The wireless to its SSID. If to when the the connected to the and that oriented correctly. that the within of the wireless The the cant to that and connected to the wireless If the another with the SSID as should SSID to conflicts. that wireless to of the security WEP WEP or WPA-PSK. If wireless security that the or
If wireless MAC the MAC to the of allowed to to the The the cant to that the connected to ethernet the installation. If software firewall the to from, to to the software. If necessary, TCP and UDP and firewall software. firewall scanning, or reading the and to wireless Dont the or wireless microwaves, telephones, or other of wireless interference. If wireless and located to each other, them with The software and the software CD. Then follow the
Where to Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase and of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Where to
and and of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without Inc.
Printed USA CPD-25134