EPSON Remote The EPSON Remote the the with the and them which This created each The these FX-880+ FX-880+ FX-1180+ FX-890 FX-890 FX-2190 FX-2190 LQ-590 LQ-2090 If using and the connected to the Remote this of the following: the the to the LPT2 Then to or the as this using the to the to LPT1. the to the USB instead.
the From the (or Remote and then You this Select New and OK (If to to that created Existing You the
Turn the off, and back Choose from the and Select If using to the You the Remote You the (shown and the Advanced If the Advanced this
Click OK to the Advanced the following section to the
the Double-click the to or from the and the You this: Select the from the pull-down or the and OK If to information about and to the the with the as below, or the to the You the the to
the With the New the to the as follows: If the to already it as Click the If the this If to the the and the information.) If to You this
the interface selected USB TCP/IP or and If the interface, or the turned or connected properly, of these the connected properly and turned Then or OK to the You to the You this Click OK The lights and the head to that the The another or the
the If to the to the of the following: To or overwrite the with the If to existing the overwrite the ones. If this this the and of Then the To the with overwrite the from the the and the this directory: Remote If to from the directory. with the of the
Existing If already created to it to: its or the with the Follow these the Remote the first (shown below), the Existing and OK You this:
Choose the to and Select You the EPSON shown necessary. If to the or from the ready to the with the the Restoring or If the then the or the factory To the the or from the You this Click OK If to the factory the options, Factory from the Option the OK
Creating If to to the from DOS the to the that the Then the You this selected as the type and choose where to the the and the Then Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with these EPSON EPSON of this information as to other EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those America, Inc.