NX400 and Scanning All-in-One
Introduction NX400 as the to: of or photo from memory or the basic from Scan or photo and or the This to of these things without turning NX400 when to or instructions, the on-screen double-clicking its Please follow these as NX400 instructions: Warning: to to to Notes information about NX400 hints copying, scanning, and Introduction
Loading You and of and the and the Then the the and the the and If the the Loading
the or the right and beneath the or top first.) You to of sheets of or of photo other The type of choose affects the If or rough the to of information). the the too tightly. instructions on-screen Loading first,
offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON type inches S041934 S042181 S042174 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041982 inches S041809 S042038 Bright White inches) S041586 inches S041467 inches) S041568 Double-sided inches S041945 inches) S041935 S042182 S042175 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286 S042183 S041667 inches) S041331 inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 inches) S041257 S042180 count
type inches) S041062 Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches) S041106 Iron-on Cool inches) S041153 Loading inches) S041067 count
Copying or Follow the instructions this section to originals correctly the and or and white the the the cover and the with the top facing the front right corner. the photo or slightly from the the the Copying or
Copying You or or would Press the On to the NX400 or or the the Press the Copy to the LCD To than or to the to Press or to or B&W Press then to the Select With to around the or to the the to the of the You To other and OK Press to If to Stop/Clear Copying or
Copying You 6-inch, 7-inch, or You with or without and to and white. Press the On to the NX400 6-inch, 7-inch, or the sheet the You to the them inches Press the Copy the LCD To than or to the to Press or to or B&W Press then to the With to around the or to the the to the of the You To other and OK Press to If to copying, Stop/Clear Copying
Restoring and You to their You to the To than inches, the NX400 software Press the On to the NX400 6-inch, 7-inch, or the You to the them inches Press the and OK To Restoration and On and OK (If Restoration Press OK to photo. You these of photo: To than or to the If to and the to Display/Crop To the or To the the arrow buttons. To the OK photo, OK. To and OK Press to copying. If to Stop/ Clear Copying or
Copy and Press the to OK To the and choose (to or or (to the to To the type, and choose the type of loaded. type Bright White To the and choose the loaded. options the choose. To the quality, Quality and choose or the Quality To the or of the and choose higher or To the amount of when and choose or You white photo the Copy and
From Memory Card The NX400 all-in-one directly from memory of the memory and ready to the instructions copying memory NX400 and directly from (DPOF or Format); and from slideshow. Compatible Cards and You the following of with NX400 From Memory Card Right of SD SDHC Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory Card Card Card Right CompactFlash and II
The NX400 that the following DCF or JPEG Supports to of to DCF the You when directly from memory and white. the Card the NX400 turned the as shown: Right The memory light flashes and the LCD and them which to the Memory light the Card
to the the memory light flashing, then the straight of its the or turn off the NX400 while the memory light flashing; the Selecting You as them the LCD Press the Memory Card You this Press OK to and Press or to through and that to Press the or to the of of that If to and the to Display/Crop To the or To the the arrow buttons. To the OK To the photo, OK through to To of the the and OK Press to To Stop/Clear You the appear the LCD Press Format then With Info without Info or From Memory Card
Selecting You of the memory Press or to then OK To of the 6-inch and to To with OK and with To than or to the To of the other OK ready to If to Stop/Clear Selecting
the type of which to or memory and the LCD shows from highlighted. Press OK then to and finishes from sheets. If to Stop/Clear Memory Card Press the to OK To the type, and choose the type of To the and choose the of loaded. options the choose. To the and choose With to around the or to the the to the of the To the Quality and choose or the Quality You this only when To the and the and choose the To Bidirectional and choose (choose On To the amount of when and choose or You white the From Memory Card
From Computer This section the photo or or instructions the on-screen software and connected the NX400 to as the Its to to NX400 software instructions). or the and You this EPSON NX400 selected, then the Preferences or From Select EPSON NX400 Click to software
(If or Then Preferences or the On the the choose the the Select the type of (choose or Select Select to the the Shortcuts and of the You clicking the the Advanced If to reduce or or double-sided, the and as necessary. options, the Advanced information about or on-screen Click OK to From Select
Click OK or to This appears and shows the of With the section below OS operating OS or the and Select EPSON NX400 as the Click the arrow to the necessary. Select EPSON NX400 Click to With
Select the and choose with option. If the isnt shown the the of this Choose from the and the following From Copy and Application Choose Select Select or Black Select higher or
Choose other options from the the on-screen Click To the the or Select the OS to or the and Select the following choose option the US or Click OK to the Select NX400 Select or With
Select from the Select NX400 choose from the and the following as necessary: to Advanced information about the Choose other options from the on-screen Click the Advanced to information advanced Click From Select Select or Black Select higher or Select
To the of the the (or the and NX400 the Selecting the Correct Select the or software. This the NX400 what of the coverage accordingly. this Select this Bright White Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool Envelope or Select the Paper/Bright White Selecting the Correct
Scanning or You NX400 all-in-one to or and or other You and photographs as The Scan software three and easily using and options scanning. Professional and of instructions, the Scanning You from applicationsuch as ArcSoft Creations using Scan. Scan directly from and to the cover and face-down the the front right corner, as shown the cover the of the following to Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications If from Then the choose or and EPSON NX400 Scanning or
You the Scan If the the right to the Scan If or Professional Scan (You the the the right corner.) If to or other Then follow the instructions below. Click OK The and its or Restoring and Correcting You or with true-to-life and sharpness as the Restoration and options Scans and Professional Correction to from with too background light. Click the and/or Restoration OK and Scan information, the on-screen You the Scan screen information about the Restoring and Correcting Automatically based the If oriented correctly, off and
All-in-One Follow the instructions this chapter and cleaning the head and To the head, necessary, on-screen To NX400 top of the cover or as writing If to the cover, microfiber-type cloth. Checking the Head If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head the sheet Press Press or to then OK Select and OK Press the that to there the If there OK If there or the to clean the head All-in-One cleaning
Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning necessary. You the head or You the first the Press Press or to and OK Press to Head Cleaning and OK Press Cleaning finished, the off the NX400 head cleaning or Press to (as to that the head clean. If there or or the another cleaning and the If cleaning the head four off NX400 and least hours to Then cleaning the head If of the to replaced. If that as If NX400 to least once month to Cleaning the Head
Checking You the LCD You or when the other expended. or copying. Press Press or to and OK with to the Press as to to the appear when to when This optionally offers and other from On that connected to the to these offers the first to when Click or To offers or from the instructions on-screen Purchasing Cartridges You purchase and from www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase High Capacity Capacity Black All-in-One
that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the within months of the cool, If exposed to allow them to to least hours them. Cartridges You immediately the ones. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the obtained or the the head Turn the NX400 If or expended, the NX400 which to and OK If expended, it to to If If the NX400 and OK Then Cartridge and OK Cartridges
the and the cover. the the and of the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of the four or Then from the the the front of the This the the yellow from the of the other or or All-in-One
the the and it clicks Once the that replacing, the cover and clicks the Press OK to charging the This about the charging finished. off the NX400 while charging or If the OK and the securely. If while copying or photo, and correctly the Then If or and the Cartridges
If with NX400 the the to the You and basic troubleshooting or the Checking Software Updates Periodically, to free to NX400 software. on-screen and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With the the You or or EPSON and NX400
Follow the instructions the to If of the below, follow the to proceed. LCD and Press the OK to the the occurred. Turn off the and turn Please occurred. the the NX400 the of their saturated. service life. the The memory correctly or there memory or with the and the the with NX400 Turn the NX400 off, and back If the Turn the NX400 off and then back If the
and the below NX400 and Copying the front right of the If the cropped, from the slightly. first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the the the loaded. If feed, from the through the to the sheets Then the the right and the the too tightly). too sheets once. to of photo of or sheets of other with punched If follow these Gently from the or Follow the instructions the LCD If off the NX400 the the and torn the and the NX400 back
Quality If with the or these the the and the NX400 or the (usually the whiter, or isnt or curled. with or from the too the type of matches the and type the or software the and If light or or they too to the head This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. Clean the head as If to the head. instructions. The and If appears the the with cloth recommended and permanently scratch the or amount of cloth, necessary. directly the and
Where To Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product NX400 Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Other Software Technical ArcSoft Creations purchase only) www.arcsoft.com
Notices Instructions NX400 all-in-one, and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the NX400 only the type of indicated the NX400 only the that with the NX400 of another fires or shock. the with other the NX400 outlet where the easily the become or If with the NX400 the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the NX400 or cover the NX400 or through the the NX400 or heating or sunlight. the NX400 that its It properly or the back of the NX400 least inches from the the section while the NX400 copying, or scanning. the NX400 as specifically to service the NX400 yourself. Notices
the NX400 and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the NX400 its or turn otherwise from the products that or around the NX400 Doing fire. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the If off with and If it them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. their this the NX400 or immediately Leaving the head and the NX400 from If the supply from and and the as the NX400 that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the or surrounding LCD cloth to clean the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. Changes or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C351C Notices
America, Inc. Warranty What America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction Notices
with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright and service and of Corporation. and service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. of Copyrighted Notices
CPD-25346 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX