PM NX100 and Scanning NX100
PM Introduction NX100 as the to: of or photo the from Scan or and or the This to of these things without NX100 when to or instructions, the Information double-clicking the it Please follow these as NX100 instructions: Warning: to injury. to to Notes information about NX100 hints copying, scanning, and Introduction
PM Loading You of and the then the and the the clear then the and or first, the right and beneath the or top first.) Loading first,
PM You to sheets of Bright White or or sheets of other sheet The type of choose affects the If or rough However, the to of the section information. the the too tightly. the clear back. instructions on-screen Information offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON or type Bright White S041586 S041809 S042038 S041141 S041649 S041271 count
PM type S041808 S041727 S042181 S042174 S041982 S041062 S041467 S041568 Quality A4 S041106 Iron-on Cool S041153 S041464 S041465 S042183 S041667 S041945 S041946 S042182 S042175 S041331 S041067 S041257 S042180 count
PM Copying or Follow the instructions this section to originals correctly the and or black-and-white the the the cover and face-down the with the top facing the front right corner. the cover the Copying or
PM Copying You or or or or the Press the B&W Text black-and-white or Text to copying. If to to or and the B&W Text black-and-white or Text three seconds. If to copying, the Stop exactly the as Copying B&W text and text
PM Copying You 6-inch photo to sheets of 6-inch the Press the to The NX100 to the loaded. If to copying, the Stop exactly the as photo, and the Copying
PM Copying You of or Bright White reduced they or or Bright White the Press and the Stop as the B&W Text black-and-white or Text If to copying, the Stop exactly the as Copying Stop B&W text and text buttons
PM From This section the basic or or instructions the on-screen Information software and connected the NX100 to as the Its to to NX100 software instructions). photo or the and You this EPSON NX100 selected, then the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the From Select Click to software
PM On the the choose the the Select the type of (choose or Select Select to the the Shortcuts and of the You clicking the the Advanced on-screen Information To the and sharpness of To reduce or Red-Eye If to reduce or or double-sided, the and as necessary. options, the Advanced information about or Information Click OK to Click Select
PM Click OK or to This appears and shows the of With of the sections below OS operating OS or the and Select EPSON NX100 as the Click to the necessary. Click to With
PM Select the choose with Sheet option. If the isnt shown Choose from the then the following that appear the of the Choose other options from the the on-screen Information To reduce or choose from the and Red-Eye Click With options Choose Select type Select or Black Select higher or
PM To the the Select then option to or necessary. OS to or Select from the Select the following choose Sheet option the Click OK to the or Select Select Select or With
PM Select from the You this Choose from the and the following as necessary: to Advanced information about the Click the Advanced to information advanced Choose other options from the on-screen Information Click With Select Select type Select or Black Select higher or Select
PM To the of the the (or the and NX100 the Select the Selecting the Correct Select the or or software. This the NX100 what of the coverage accordingly. this Select this Bright White Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool Envelope or Paper/Bright White Selecting the Correct
PM Scanning or You NX100 to or and or other You and photographs as The Scan software three and easily using and options scanning. Professional and of scanning instructions, on-screen Information Scanning You from Scan. Scan directly from and to the cover and face-down the the front right corner, as shown the cover the of the following to Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications If from Then the choose or and NX100 Scanning or
PM You the Scan If the the right to the Scan If or Professional Scan (You the the the right corner.) If to photo or other Then follow the instructions below. Click OK The and its or Restoring and Correcting You dusty, or with true-to-life and sharpness as the Restoration and options Scans and Professional Correction to from with too background light. Click the and/or Restoration OK and Scan information, on-screen Information You the Scan information about the Restoring and Correcting Select to based the If oriented correctly, off.
PM NX100 Follow the instructions this chapter and cleaning the head and To the head, necessary, on-screen Information To NX100 anything top of the cover or as writing If to the cover, only microfiber-type cloth. Checking the Head If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head the Turn off the NX100 the Stop as the On button to the NX100 back both buttons the On light to flash, then release the buttons. NX100
PM the that to there the If there the head clean. If there or the the head as the section. Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning necessary. You clean the head expended, and to when You the first the NX100 and the light off. the Stop three seconds to the cleaning which around turn off the NX100 head cleaning or the On light flashing, (as to that the head clean. If there or or the another cleaning and the If cleaning the head off NX100 and least hours to Then cleaning the head If of the to replaced. If that as If NX100 to least once month to quality. cleaning Cleaning the Head
PM Checking the Cartridge the light flashing, You the light to You or when the other expended. or appear when to when This optionally offers and other from On that connected to the to these offers the first to when Click or To offers or from the instructions Information If than months If necessary, cleaning the head If their to the You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase capacity Black Checking the Cartridge
PM that and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the within months of the cool, If to allow them to to least hours them. Cartridges You immediately the ones. to the Cartridges to reliability. the obtained or the the head Turn the NX100 If to (the light flashing or off), the the on-screen Information Cartridges
PM the and with its the white the or Press the The head to the to which or expended. the head hand; this NX100 the Stop to Press the Stop If another or expended, to the Press the Stop button to or expended. If other or expended, the head to the Cartridges
PM the the and of it the or try to the white the or Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of the four or Then it from the the the front of the This the Cartridges
PM the yellow from the of the other or or the the and clicks Once the that replacing, the slightly, release its and the Cartridges
PM Press the Stop to charging the This about finished, the On light flashing and and the light off the NX100 while charging or If the light flashes, the Stop and the securely. If while copying or and correctly the Then If or and the Cartridges
PM If with NX100 the lights the to the You and basic troubleshooting or the Information Checking Software Updates Periodically, to to NX100 software. on-screen Information and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With the the You or or EPSON EPSON NX100 and Light and On light flashing other lights light or or the and On light the as flashing The NX100 Press the On to
PM Light and light flashing One or You the to which affected light One or expended, incorrectly or with the If to expended, the to to If and the light the correctly. Press the Stop to the to the Press the then the Stop to lights the NX100 the of their service life. lights flashing There with the NX100 Turn off, and back If the and the below NX100 and Copying the front right of the If the cropped, from the slightly. first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the the the loaded. and
PM If feed, from the through the to the sheets Then the the right and the the too tightly). too sheets once. to of or sheets of Bright White or other with punched If follow these from the or If off the NX100 the everywhere and torn them, the and the NX100 back Quality If with the or these the the and the NX100 or the the whiter, or isnt or curled. with or sheets from the too the type of matches the and type software the and If light or or they too to the head This the they properly. to the head cleaning. Clean the head as and
PM If to the head. Information instructions. The and If appears the the with cloth recommended and permanently scratch the or amount of cloth, necessary. directly the Where To Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product NX100 Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through Where To
PM and of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Where To
PM Notices Instructions using NX100 and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the NX100 the type of indicated the NX100 the that with the NX100 of another fires or shock. the with other the NX100 where the easily If the NX100 the from the off the NX100 the On and the On light flashing the or off to the the NX100 the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or If with the NX100 the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the NX100 or cover the or through the or the NX100 or heating or sunlight, or the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. products that or around the NX100 Doing fire. Notices
PM the NX100 that its It properly it or the section while the NX100 copying, or scanning. the white the NX100 and to when closing the the NX100 or with as specifically disassembly, or to service the NX100 yourself. the NX100 and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the NX100 its or turn otherwise from the Cartridge of the reach of and the when there around the supply If it off with and If them immediately with the NX100 or immediately Leaving the head and the NX100 from If the supply from and and the as the NX100 that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding with their facing upward. Instructions
PM FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 FCC
PM Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C411A Declaration of Conformity
PM Inc. Warranty What America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Cover This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction America, Inc. Warranty
PM with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: Inc., P.O. CA America, Inc. Warranty
PM Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when While countries copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright and and service of Corporation. service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Copyright Notice
PM CPD-25632 Printed XXXXXX