NX410 and Scanning
Introduction as the to: of or from memory or the from Scan or and or the and This to of these things without turning instructions, the on-screen Information (which includes double-clicking its Please follow these as the instructions: Warning: followed to to to Notes information about hints scanning, and Introduction
Loading You and of and the and the Then the the and the the then the and Loading
the or the right and the or top first.) You to sheets of of or of photo other sheet Information information. The type of choose affects the If or rough the to of information). the the too tightly. instructions on-screen Information Loading first,
offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON type inches S041809 S042038 Bright White inches) S041586 Double-sided inches) S041062 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches) S042182 S042175 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S042183 S041667 inches S041982 inches) S041331 inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 inches S041467 inches) S041257 S042180 inches) S041568 inches) S041067 count
type Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool Loading A4 inches) S041106 inches) S041153 count
Copying or Follow the instructions this section to originals correctly the and or black-and-white the the the cover and face-down the with the top facing the front right corner. the cover gently the Copying or
Copying You or or would Press the On to turn or or the the Press the Copy to the LCD necessary. To than or to the to Press or to or B&W Press then to the Select With to around the or to the the to the of the You To other and OK Press to If to copying, Stop/Clear Copying or
Copying You 6-inch, 7-inch, or photo You with or without and to and white. Press the On to 6-inch, 7-inch, or the the Press the Copy the LCD necessary. To than or to the to Press or to or B&W Press then to the Select With to around the or to the the to the of the You To other and OK Press to copying. If to copying, Stop/Clear Copying
Restoring and You to their You to the To than inches, the NX410 software Press the On to 6-inch, 7-inch, or photo the Press the and OK To Restoration On and OK (If Restoration Press OK to photo. You these of photo: To than or to the If to and the to Display/Crop To the or To the the arrow buttons. To the OK photo, OK. To and OK Press to copying. If to copying, Stop/ Clear Copying or
Copy and Press the to OK To the and choose (to or or (to the to To the type, and choose the type of loaded. type Bright White To the and choose the loaded. options the choose. To the quality, Quality and choose or You only the Quality when as otherwise, the restoring or the Quality to and To the or of the and choose higher or To the amount of when and choose or You white photo the Copy and
From Memory Card directly from memory of the memory and ready to the on-screen Information instructions copying memory and from slideshow; directly from and (DPOF or Format). Compatible Cards and You the following of with of SD SDHC Memory Memory Right CompactFlash and II From Memory Card Memory PRO Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory Memory Card Card Card Card M+
that the following DCF or JPEG Supports to of to DCF the the Card turned the as shown: Right The memory light flashes, then the LCD and them which to the Memory light the Card
to the the memory light flashing, then the straight of its If connected to first the If the the or the and USB Once the If the from the Then the the or off while the memory light flashing; the Selecting You as them the LCD Press the Memory Card You this Press OK to and Press or to through and that to Press the or to the of of that photo. If to and the to Display/Crop To the or To the the arrow buttons. To the OK To the photo, OK through to To of the displayed the and OK From Memory Card
Press to To Stop/Clear You the appear the LCD Press Format then With Info without Info or Selecting You of the memory Press the Memory Card or to then OK To of the 6-inch photo and to To with OK and with To than or to the To of the other and OK ready to If to Stop/Clear Selecting
To the amount of when and the below). OK Press OK then to and finishes from If to Stop/Clear Memory Card Press the to OK To the type, and choose the type of To the and choose the of loaded. options the choose. To the and choose With to around the or to the the to the of the To the quality, Quality and choose or You the Quality when as the To the and the and choose the To Bidirectional and choose (choose On To the amount of when and choose or You white photo the From Memory Card
From This section the or or instructions the on-screen Information software and connected to as the Its to to software instructions). or the and You this selected, then the Preferences or button. (If or Then Preferences or the From Select Click to software
On the the choose the the the type of (choose or Select Select to the the Shortcuts and of the You clicking the the Advanced If to reduce or or double-sided, the and as necessary. the Advanced information about or on-screen Information Click OK to From Select
OK or to This appears and shows the of With the section below OS operating OS or the and Select as the Click the arrow to the necessary. Select Click to With
Select the and choose with Sheet option. If the isnt shown the the of this Choose from the and the following From Copy and Application Choose Select or Black/Grayscale Select higher or
Choose other options from the the on-screen Information Click the Advanced to information advanced Click To the the or Select the OS to photo or the and Select the following choose with Sheet option. Click OK to the Select or Select Select With
Select from the Select choose from the and the following as necessary: to Advanced information about the Choose other options from the on-screen Information Click the Advanced to information Click From Select Select or Black/Grayscale Select higher or Select
To the the Selecting the Correct Select the or software. This what of the coverage accordingly. this Select this Bright White Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool Envelope or the Paper/Bright White Selecting the Correct
Scanning or You NX410 to or and or other You and photographs as The Scan software four and easily using and options scanning. Office and text quickly. Professional and of instructions, the on-screen Information Scanning You and and them as the Scan software. You Scan from such as Photoshop the cover and face-down the the front right corner, as shown the cover the of the following to Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications If from Then the choose or and Scanning or
You the Scan Select as the the right corner. (If Home, Office, or Professional Scan If to or other Then follow the instructions the section. Click the Scan The and its or Restoring and Correcting You dusty, or photo with true-to-life and sharpness as the Restoration and options Scans and Professional Correction to from with too background light. Click the and/or Restoration OK and Scan information, the on-screen Information You the Scan information about the Restoring and Correcting Automatically based and other features. If oriented correctly, off and
Follow the instructions this chapter and cleaning the head and To the head, necessary, on-screen Information To top of the cover or as writing If to clean the cover, microfiber-type cloth. Checking the Head If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head or the Press Press or to then OK Select Check and OK Press the that to there the If there OK If there or the to the head clean cleaning
Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning only necessary. You the head expended, and to clean when You the first or the Press Press or to then OK Press to Head Cleaning then OK Press Cleaning finished, the off head cleaning or Press to (as to that the head clean. If there or or the another cleaning and the If cleaning the head four off and least hours to Then cleaning the head If of the to replaced. If that as If to least once month to Cleaning the Head
Checking You the LCD You or when the other expended. or copying. Press Press or to then OK with to the Press as to to the appear when to when This optionally offers and other from To offers or from the instructions on-screen Information Cartridges You purchase and from www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase Standard-capacity High-capacity Black
that and them. The of other and based printed, type, of and amount of the the with and of the from the first the within months of the and the the cool, If to allow them to to least hours using them. Cartridges You immediately the ones. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the obtained or the the head Turn If expended, the LCD which to and OK If expended, to to If If the LCD or to and OK Then Cartridge and OK Cartridges
the and the cover. the the and of the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of the four or Then the from the the the front of the This the the yellow from the of the other or or
the the and clicks Once the that replacing, the cover and clicks the Press OK to charging the This about the charging finished. off while charging or If the OK and the securely. Then OK If while copying or and correctly the Then If or and the Cartridges
If with the the LCD to the You and troubleshooting or the on-screen Information Checking Software Periodically, to free to NX410 software. on-screen Information and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With the the You or or EPSON and
Follow the instructions the to If of the below, follow the to proceed. LCD and Press the OK to the the and the Press the to the the Turn off the the correctly. occurred. Turn off the and Please occurred. the If and the appears, the correctly. Press the OK to the to the Press the then the OK to the correctly the Turn off, and back If the Turn off and then back If the
LCD and The nearing the of their service life. Support. The the of their service life. the memory or and the below and Copying the front right of the If the cropped, from the slightly. first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the the the loaded. If feed, from the sheet through the to the Then the the right and the the too tightly). too sheets once. You to of of or sheets of other on-screen Information information. the of their service life. The memory correctly or there with the and the the with
with punched If follow these Gently from the or If off the the and torn the and the back Quality If with the or quality, these the the and or the (usually the whiter, or isnt or curled. with (such as of beneath the or sheets from the too the type of matches the and type the or software the and If light or or they too to the head This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. If to the head. on-screen Information instructions. The and If appears the the with cloth recommended and permanently scratch the or amount of cloth, necessary. directly the and
to and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product NX410 Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
Notices Instructions and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the outlet where the easily If the the from the off the the On and the On light flashing the or off to the the outlet the as photo or that switches and off, or switch or the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the or cover the or through the the or heating or sunlight. the that its It properly or the back of the least inches from the the section while the NX410 copying, or scanning. the Notices
as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the its or otherwise from the products that or around the Doing fire. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with their this the or immediately Leaving the head and the from If the from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding LCD cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. Changes or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C351C Notices
America, Inc. Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated only the United States or from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and quality. and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers only the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction Notices
with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when While countries copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright and and service of Corporation. service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Notices
Printed XXXXXX CPD-27264