rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P2 of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or TV technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the WARNING This Class of the Interference- Causing Regulations. Declaration of Conformity According to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Product P910C Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): Directive 73/23/EEC: EN Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC November H. of EPSON EUROPE B.V.
cover cover front (closed) shield interface thickness front front release
and Lights Font Selects the Chapter Font lights which selected. Tear Advances to the tear-off from the tear-off to the top-of- Selects cut-sheet when the cut-sheet the to and Chapter Tear lights when the tear-off o when of the optional selected. o when of the optional selected. when the the On Flashing o Pitch Selects the Chapter Pitch lights Indicate what selected. temporarily, and when light On when the Flashes when the the LF/FF Ejects sheet or to the top-of-form when the three seconds, the the the the and buttons to the top-of-form or tear-off Chapter light On when the selected or correctly. Flashes when or occurred. Turns the and off. The off when the top of this with the protectors. of Ejects of loaded. from the to the
to EPSON LQ-2180 high-quality and performance of to the to of types, including with to sheets, and high-speed of to characters characters inch with software, the EPSON Microsoft that the of and easily, and other software. options to to
Easy-to-Use-Features This section highlights easy-to-use features that helpful. the tear-off to If the front or tractor, the tear-off to to the tear-off when Then easily tear off the and the normally information, Chapter the release to the without the the release easily switch to sheets without the the front or tractor. You easily switch to tractor. information, Chapter to
Paths to the to the top-of-form and tear-off the of the top-of-form and tear-off The allows to the or 1/180-inch that to the top-of-form and tear-off information, Chapter of and single-sheet below, the from the top, front, or rear. You the that release
You choose from three (front and and three (front, rear, and This section which and tractor the sections Chapter tractor and instructions. If often to tear off sheets of purchase or to tractor. This allows to the tear- off to easily tear off of the perforation. Also, when tractor, of from the without the There tractor front and rear. The tractors the front and when the shipped. the below about the and the paper-feeding paths. The the to
tractor to Tractor front If often thick or heavy such as or with tractor the The tractor the and allows to from the front, rear, or of the the tear-off with the tractor. If to tractor, the tractor from the front and the or purchase the optional (C80032 and the Chapter instructions. To this tractor, the front If thick such as or with the the front the from this straight. This reduces the chance of To this tractor, the thick straight path, them the front with the If with the the off their the and
shown the below, three with the tractor: front, and rear. If thick such as or with the front the from this straight. This reduces the chance of front the the straightest path, thick such as or with the to with enough that the through without obstruction. You the using the thick straight path, them the front with the rear If with the the off their the and to
the and tractors to To feeding and reduce tractors the This helpful or and high graphics. tractors the front the front tractor and the tractor, or the the and the tractor. Combination and front and information tractors and To the tractor with the tractor, to the tractor that the front and the thick straight path, them the front with the tractor when with the tractor. If with the tractor, the off their the and To the front with the tractor, to purchase the optional (C80032 and the
sheets shown below, top and front. the front or tractor, sheets the top or front without the This section which single-sheet instructions. Loading the top You ordinary single-sheet or the top the top to
Loading the front to You ordinary sheets, single-sheet or the front the front to single-sheet that bound the
with everything to and of such as cut-sheet tractor or further Optional interface to built-in interface. information options A, Enhancing With Ribbon Cartridge the following becomes to the EPSON and to properly with EPSON They and of the head and other To follow the instructions or the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON S015086 to
Instructions to of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the of the outlet the the cleaning, and with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself.
the and servicing to service the following with this Turn off the and cool with this If to the Germany, the following: Head The the head that this the head the used. the head touching If the or the the or the or the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. To short-circuit protection and protection this the building protected users: to
NERGY TAR The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. to NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
information Warning: This earthed. to rating plate and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and yellow Earth If to the of the of this match coloured to the please as follows: The and yellow connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or with of the and to
To This information and The Reference that with the information to the and Notes This the following followed to injury. to to Notes information and the of to
Chapter the the Choosing the Positioning the supply. or the Ribbon Cartridge Attaching the and the Connecting the to the Software. and NT and NT DOS the
Unpacking the this should include EPSON software Notice and the following items: the permanently attached to the Also, the of the the country which bought the the right location. the screwdriver
There of the and it to the with another If the the back of the the country, You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice with the to these screwdriver the screw. and protective including the screw and the protective locking the to the the It should its or the
Choosing the Follow the below when selecting location the The properly it or the where easily to interface necessary. around the easy operation and using or the to and humidity. from sunlight, strong light, heat or or to and the near where easily the cord. switches or timers. information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the French-speaking users: fiche
Positioning the supply grounded the clear and the section.) If to follow these that least that the The should and interface they with feeding. If the to of the supply with the tractor the smoothly the as shown below. the
or the Ribbon Cartridge This section to or the The and the that to the with EPSON using EPSON (S015086). Products EPSON to covered warranties. Warning: You to the head to or the If the the head cool touching the turned off. The off when the of the with the protectors as shown. If the connected to from the the the head while the the
the cover its back and then straight and off. that the head cool touching Then the head to the (the of the hand. the tractor, the though the head the installation the
If the and slightly and the from the the head. Properly of the the from the the from the of the and the Then the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the the ribbon-tightening
the with the ribbon-tightening the front notches of the the each of the as shown below. Then the that the notches of the the each of the Then the both the
the of the and the the head the or creased and that the head. Press the clicks Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the as shown Then the head from to to smoothly. the ribbon-tightening
Attaching the and the cover first the front the the and then lowering the cover it clicks To the and follow these Turn the and the the the the
the as shown below. the the the of the the the the cover. the cover
the the turned off. The off when the of the with the protectors as shown below. the the back of the to its matches that of the matches It to the If the rated and match, the cord. If the attached to the the the AC the back of the the properly grounded the
Connecting the to To to built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair with D-SUB, and the If type of interface, should to of the optional interfaces A-3. Follow the below to the to the built-in interface. both the and turned off. The off when the of the with the protectors. the securely the interface and the together they both of the the
the Software If ground wire, to the ground as shown below. the other of the the (If the ground the to the ground the back of the the to the software as the section. connecting the to to the software included the EPSON software CD-ROM shipped with software includes: The the software that or With such as and EPSON only) The EPSON of and displays information. EPSON (Dos-based The EPSON allows to easily the from the To the EPSON with DOS, If DOS, DOS the
If the of the software, of the EPSON software If to of the software CD-ROM, the creation included the CD. and NT4.0" or and NT this Chapter. and NT Follows these below to the software or NT the software NT information. the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM The appears. users, then the FD and the Click to the software If the New or other appears when and follow the If to of the software included CD-ROM, EPSETUP the that appears, the creation and follow the on-screen instruction. information and the software, the Software" Chapter EPSON Chapter the
and NT Follows these below to the software or NT the software NT information. and the the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM (If the Choose from the You the the Command type D:SETUP and OK If the CD-ROM other than "D", or the the If to of the software included CD-ROM, type EPSETUP instead of SETUP. the that appears, the creation and follow the on-screen instruction. The copying the software the OK to the the
The selects this as the applications. information and the software, the Software" Chapter DOS To the from DOS to the or another from the of Choose the EPSON LQ-2180 the the or of DOS If the include the LQ-2180 choose the first from this If the software to the LQ-2170/LQ-2070 LQ-1070/1070+ LQ-870/1170 LQ-850+/1050+ LQ-850/1050 LQ-510/550/1010 LQ-200 LQ-500 LQ-860+/1060+ LQ-2550 LQ-2500 LQ-800/1000 LQ-1500
the Release the Thickness Loading Loading Continuous With Removing with the Tractor. the the front Loading the front tractor Removing the from the front tractor. the front tractor the Tractor Loading the tractor. the from the tractor. the Tractor the the the Loading the tractor from the tractor tractors and Removing the tractor Switching Continuous and Switching to sheets Switching to the Top-of-Form Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge the Tear Advancing to the tear-off the tear-off
the Release You the from such as the front or the You the release to the to The below each release To which and Paths release Continuous Single-sheet single-sheet from the top or front information sheets, Chapter Rear from the tractor the the to this when the and tractors tractor from the tractor the front the to this when the front and tractors release
the Thickness release from the top of the the the tractor the the front, rear, or You of the front and tractors, and easily switch them the release the release the to the the to the the thickness allows the to thicknesses of The thickness located the cover. You of the to the Continuous thickness
the following to the thickness to match the thickness of type* Ordinary sheets or Thin or Carbonless with: Continuous with or C specifications. If the smeared, to the thickness higher to If the or to the thickness to Continuous
Loading Loading With You of to to the the thickness to the based the of layers with thick such as straight or straight path. It to the front and the front the front or and the the thickness the ordinary the sections this chapter. inch) thickness the and to inch) the perforated and as follows: to 25C to 77F) to RH that or the type of that mounted with with to with because the feed properly.
Thick such as with straight or straight path. You the front or tractor) or tractor) however, the tractor the and the front or You the ordinary the thickness to Loading the tractor information. with the rear because the from the curved; off their the and Continuous the tear-off the Tear or turning the tear-off as About Chapter to feed with backward; they off their and the to and humidity, them operating as follows: to 25C to 77F) Humidity to 60%RH with that or the they around the and when
Removing with To off the and the follow the below when with from the tear off the fresh of the perforation the the LF/FF to the from the the or Tear backward, easily off the sheet and Continuous
the Tractor To the front tractor, the front information when to the front tractor, Paths The tractors the front and when the shipped. The tractor the the front If tractor the front to Loading the front tractor the If tractor the to and the as the front tractor. To the the front follow these the off. the front the the of the Then the both and straight of the Continuous
Loading the front tractor the the mounting and both of the to that it seated. You ready to the front as the section. To the tractor, To the front tractor, follow these the front the the of the Then the both and straight of the that the the front Continuous
the release to the front tractor the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. Release the and right the backward.
the to the of the arrow the the arrow Then the to and Printable C information the the right to match the of the the as shown both covers. clean, straight and the first four of the the Then the covers. Continuous
the right to the then the the front the mounting as shown below. Then the front the to the of the top that the cover and the cover closed. the cover The when the cover
the from the front tractor the You to and the as Chapter the it the and The the the back of the follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or this the as the Top-of-Form the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form To the follow these the Tear/Off lights flashing. (This the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off Continuous
the cover, and tear off the the tear-off of the the cover. To the from the the Load/ to the to the the of the Then the covers of the tractor and the tear off the button. feeding Continuous If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off the the back to the top-of-form and
Removing the front To the from the front follow these from the as the section. Turn off the the front the the of the Then the both and straight of the Press the tractors the tractor and of the the front the mounting Then the front Continuous
the Rear Tractor To the tractor, the information when to the tractor, Paths Loading the rear tractor If the to and the as the tractor. To to thick the front or and or front tractor. with the the off their the and To the tractor, follow these the cover and the Continuous
the release to the tractor the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. Release the and right the front of the Continuous
the to the of the the the the Then the back to the right to match the of the the as shown both covers. clean, straight and the first four of the the Then the covers. the right to the then the and Printable C information the front of the front of the
the as the to the of the Then the cover. the cover The when the the You to and the as Chapter the the and The the the back of the follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or this the as the Top- of-Form the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form Continuous
the from the rear tractor To the follow these the Tear lights flashing. (This the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover, and tear off the the tear-off of the the cover. Continuous If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off using the the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off the the back to the top-of-form and
the Tractor the To the from the the Load/ to the to the the of the Then the covers of the and tear off the feeding the the thick and heavy such as or with the tear- off with the tractor. You the from the recommended the from the curved. thick straight to to the front or when using the tractor. with the the off their the and To further reduce the chance of and the performance of tractors this both the front tractor and the tractor, or both the and the tractor. tractors and
the tractor the To the the front tractor or the optional (C80032 To the front tractor, Removing the front tractor The the rear To the follow these the turned off. the and off the the each of the and the and off the the
Loading the the the mounting and both of the to that seated. You to the as the section. To the tractor, the tractor, the front or the rear increase the chance of with the the off their sheet the and Continuous
To the tractor, follow these the turned off, and the that the the to the of the the release to the tractor the thickness to the thickness. Release the and right the Continuous
the to the of the the the as the arrow Then the back to and C information the back the to the right to match the of the the as shown Then both covers. clean, straight
the the front, or rear as below it the and the Then the the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. four of the the both Then the covers. the right to the then the Continuous the front the front Then the the the Then the rear
If the front the front with the as shown below. Then If the rear the and the together the of the Turn the the and the top-of-form (the where the the LF/FF or the (To the the Top-of-Form The the without the the to the or to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form from the otherwise reduced. Continuous
the cover and the cover. You to and the as Chapter to the The from the without the The the the back of the the cover; then tear off the the perforation the Continuous the cover The when the cover
from the tractors and tear off the fresh supply of the perforation the the LF/FF to the from the To feeding and reduce tractors the tractors the front both the front and the tractor, or the rear both the and the tractor. To the front tractor with the tractor, to purchase the optional (C80032 The the the optional as the tractor the To the with the tractor, the from the front as and the as The the
To tractors, follow these the cover and the front or and the the release to the front or tractor which tractor Also, the thickness to the thickness. the front or rear as earlier this chapter. Turn the Press the to the to the top-of-form Then the LF/FF the perforation the first and with the top of the the to the tractors as Loading the tractor the release to the Then the the and tractors the necessary. the release back to the the top-of-form (the where the the as the Top-of-Form The the without the the to the this the or to the top-of-form
the to the or to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form from the otherwise reduced. the Then the to the of the the cover and the cover. the cover The when the cover You to and the as Chapter to the The from the without the The the the back of the the cover; then tear off the the perforation the To the from the tractors, follow the from the tractor
the To the tractor from the follow these the tractor as Turn off the Then the cover and the and off the Press the tractors the tractor and off the the tractor or the front as Continuous
To the the mounting Then both of the clicks the and cover. Then the cover. Continuous
Switching and You easily switch back and forth with tractor and sheets without to or Switching to To switch from with the front or to sheets, follow the below. If with the switching to single-sheet with If the from switching to single-sheet Removing from the tractor If of the the Tear to to the tear-off and then tear them off. Tear off the the feeding the to while the this the or to the tear- off
Switching to Press the to the to the The attached to the the path. the top or front as To switch from to with the front or tractor, follow these If the the to the to while the this the or to the top-of-form that the tractor the front or which to To the tractor the front the front or rear as this chapter. The when Continuous
the Top-of-Form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or the the to the top- of-form as below. the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form top-of-form off the The top software the top-of-form with the If necessary, the top-of-form using software. the turned If necessary, as earlier this chapter. If tractor, the to the to the top-of-form the cover and off the the button about three seconds. The light flashing and the the Continuous
to the top-of-form the or the Load/Eject Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form the the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form cover The and top-of-form If try to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You the as reference when the top-of-form
the top-of-form the to Continuous To the top-of-form the tractor, the following First inch) the perforation; then the that the with the top of the cover. This inch) the meaning the inch) below the perforation. If inch) the perforation, inch) the
Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge the Tear If the front or tractor, the tear-off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form that the normally below, the tear-off manually the Tear or turning the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off the of the perforation the the tear-off instructions. the tear-off the Tear or turning the tear-off as below) to feed with backward; they off their and the the finishes that the Tear lights flashing. Then the Tear The the to the tear-off If the Tear lights flashing, the the tear-off If the Tear the to the top-of-form Continuous
Advancing to the tear-off To to the tear-off to the tear-off and the the instructions, About tear-off the the to the tear-off whenever of or feed the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow the below. the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off tear-off off the the Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover. the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the Continuous
to the backward, or the Press the LF/FF to feed the the perforation with the tear-off The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the the tear-off the to turn off Tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and tear-off-edge
Chapter and Loading single-sheet Loading Loading Loading the Top Loading the
and shown below, single-sheet using the top of the or the front You ordinary single-sheet postcards, and single-sheet from to to inches) To of single-sheet the optional cut-sheet A, With specifications the of single-sheet C. top front
The below shows the of the top and front and the thickness each type. information the thickness type thickness single-sheet Top and front or Top and front Top to If the smeared, to the thickness higher to If the or to the thickness to quality. that or Top and front
Loading single-sheet You single-sheet the top or front as Loading the Top or Loading the this chapter. Also, follow these bound as shown below. You the top or front to single-sheet that bound the top. bound the top bound only the this type of the top with the bound first and the as shown below.
this type of the front with the bound first and the as shown below. You bound the only the front this type of the front with the top first and the as shown below. the thickness (located the cover) to the the inch) thickness. and as follows: to 25C to 77F) to RH
Loading You the top as Loading the Top Also, follow these the top with the first and the the thickness (located the cover) to to to match the thickness of the the the Tear both Tear lights the Tear once to the selected.) that or that too thin; they and become If the of the with the arrow the only and as follows: to 25C to 77F) to RH
the of the head, the within the of C the of Loading You the top or front as Loading the Top or Loading the Also, follow these If first, them the top the thickness (located the cover) to the the Tear both Tear lights postcards, the Tear once to the selected.) only and as follows: to 25C to 77F) to RH
Loading the Top To the top follow these the properly. If it as the cover. the to the arrow the Next the right to match the of the release to the single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. the
the cover. Press the to the necessary. of the The the and ready to the cover The when the cover
and the as Chapter Then to the the the and back the To the and of If to the If the first appears too high or this using the the Top-of-Form the to the top-of-form or when the this the or to the top-of-form Loading the To the front follow these the properly. If as the cover closed.
the front the the of the the as shown below. the arrow Next the right to match the of the release to the single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. the Press the to the necessary.
of the The the and ready to You to and the as Chapter Then to the the the and the top of the To the and of the front If to the If the first appears too high or this the the Top-of-Form the to the top-of-form or when the this the or to the top-of-form the cover The when the cover
Chapter the Software About Software. the With Accessing the from Accessing the from the the With Accessing the from Accessing the from the overview. the With NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the With NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the overview. the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON the Software
About Software The EPSON software that with includes the software, the EPSON and the EPSON software that allows to the You to the software of the proceeding, the PC as Chapter EPSON DOS-based that allows to easily the from the To the EPSON with DOS, The EPSON It the of when and with troubleshooting To and the EPSON To the the below, the Software NT NT
the With Accessing the from There to the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications, below. the from the the apply to Accessing the from the To and overview While the with the that the match To the from follow the below. The below the the the Software
Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Graphics These the the Software
Accessing the from the To the the top of the below information about the To the from the follow these Click the and then to Click Right-click and The displays the which the and Graphics These the To the the top of the the section information about the and Graphics. The each of these below. To the the sections the OK to apply the or to the to their previous the Software
the of the to If the to through the If included the Custom and the the that appears. Select or Click the to the Software
Graphics Click the The higher the select, the however, increasing the Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of The to the of the dithering options shows the of the to or Once and them necessary, to with as or with as Chapter the Software
the With There to the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications, below. the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the To and While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the below. The below the the the Software
or from the of software. The or appears. the information about the this that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears. information about the this the Software
Accessing the from the To the from the follow these the the Double-click the The appears. highlighted, then The appears. To to the section information about the The below. To the the sections the OK to apply the or to or Click the The higher the select, the however, increasing the This from the or Landscape The the shows the select. the Software
Select the of the to If the to through the If included the and the the that appears. Source Click the to Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of the to or Once and them necessary, ready to with as Chapter or with as Chapter the Software
the With NT There to the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications, below. the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the To and overview While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the below. The below the How the the Software
or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Advanced These the the Software
To the the top of the overview, below information about the Accessing the from the To the from the follow these Click the and then to Click Right-click and The displays the which the and Advanced These the To the the top of the the section information about the and Advanced. The each of these below. To these the previous sections the OK to apply the or to the Software
Advanced Select the of the to from the Source Select the to from the Source Select or the Software
the and Source the and them necessary. Select the and then choose option from the Select and then choose the Graphic from the The higher the select, the however, increasing the Double-click to the Click Text as Graphics or and On or the Once and them necessary, ready to with as Chapter or with sheets as the Software
the With NT Accessing the from There to the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from below. the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the To and overview While the with the that the match To the from follow the below. The below the the the Software
Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The displays the which the and overview the information about these the Software
Accessing the from the Click (or to the Advanced which includes the Graphics Color, and information about these To the from the follow these the the The highlighted, then and The appears. Click the then You the which includes the and the section information about these the Software
Click to the Advanced which the Graphics Color, and the section information about these boxes: and Advanced Properties. The each of these below. To these boxes, the sections the OK to apply the or to Select the type of to If type, from the Select or The the shows the select. Click the to the and input the RGB or other The appears. this the Software
Advanced Graphics Select option from the Graphics The higher the select, the however, increasing the Optimizations Click to the option or off. Once and them necessary, ready to with as Chapter or with as Chapter the Software
the EPSON The EPSON allows to easily the from DOS EPSON Follow the below to EPSON software CD-ROM At the DOS type D:\SETUP. If the other than D, the Then Select the and C:\EPUTIL appears as the directory. Press The EPSON to the C:\EPUTIL directory. Accessing EPSON To EPSON type C:\PRNSET the DOS and Then follow the on-screen instructions to this You EPSON C:\PANEL the DOS and The PRNSET and PANEL slightly that the PANEL of EPSON that the often the Software
Chapter From the Selecting Built-In Font and Pitch About From the
Selecting Built-In Font and Pitch with the built-in shown the below. You choose from the following pitch (character or (characters inch), or spacing. You the and pitch the buttons the as below. from the to and pitch. Font OCR-B Orator-S C Follow these to built-in or pitch the the that the If the to From the
To the Font the Font lights the as shown below. Font lights Font o o o o o o o o o Others On, o others the selected the The Font directly OCR-B, Orator-S, or H. To of these first the to as the other that the other To pitch, the Pitch the three Pitch lights the pitch as shown below. Pitch lights Pitch On, From the o o o o o o o o o PS spacing) o
About The While these functions through software or to from the the The following the and the options the The the instructions the front tractor* inches: inches tractor* inches: inches perforation On, tear off On, feed On, I/F Optional I/F seconds, seconds Software ESC/P2, IBM Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC ISO PC LAT, PC UKR, PC APTEC, PC PC720, PC AR864, PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO From the
front rear perforation International character U.S.A, Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain1 On, High On On, On, CR (IBM On, A.G.M. (IBM On, Font OCR-B, Orator-S, C, T, On, The options the country. **These only when IBM selected. This allows to the inches) the front tractor. This allows to the inches) the rear tractor. This when using On the one-inch the and the first the from the should this top and From the
tear off this and with the front or rear tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the the back to the top-of-form and wasted and with the front or rear tractor, to the perforation to the tear- off manually the Tear Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge Chapter information. (The tear-off the tractor.) feed this each (CR) received the This the to the of the If the You choose selection, bidirectional or normally bidirectional; however, allows which graphics. I/F (interface) The with built-in interface and interface which optional interface. information optional interface, A-3. From the
I/F (interface) Software Character International character If connected to or Optional the interface the interface If connected to than the interface to the to switch interfaces which This optional interface and the interface selected. This the when from interface whether through the other interface. You specify seconds or seconds the interface If ESC/P2 the operates the EPSON ESC/P2 If IBM the IBM You character as as other countries. C character You international character the character character characters that the country or the to C character this the character otherwise The allows to easily distinguish the O and From the
High choose On the to (characters second) (characters inch). choose the to this the input to 64KB of from other while the the the the to each character it the character. this the when information If the to when CR return) This IBM On each feed (LF) or ESC the This the to the of the If the every A.G.M. Graphic A.G.M. the graphics commands those ESC/P2 IBM this The off. Font You The following indicated the and cant selected and From the
this the that the sheets, to the and to the when the LF/FF Follow the below to the and the To the selection and instructions, three sheets of A4- or single-sheet or three of that least inches) and inches) Chapter instructions or Chapter instructions If sheets, to of each the and the turned off. Whenever turn off the least seconds turning back otherwise the the Pitch while the to the The the and the selection instructions Press the Pitch the Pitch lights the as the selection instructions. From the
Press the Font to the instructions the selected. the to off the and the them You the turning off the while the From the The instructions the to them, and the lights Follow these instructions to the the the The the instruction the
Chapter EPSON About the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON Checking Information the EPSON the Preference Turning background the background EPSON
About the EPSON The EPSON with only with Microsoft It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when The EPSON together with the when the software To LQ-2180 optional Ethernet interface (C82357 /C82362 /C82363 C82364 and the that with this the that with the interface instructions the using the to the README located the EPSON This the information the EPSON
EPSON If the EPSON when the software, to To the follow these the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM software users, the If appears, Click and Click OK then follow the instructions the If the below appears, and connected directory to If connected through shared Then Next EPSON and the and printer-shaped background to the the of This appears when the active. EPSON
Accessing EPSON To the EPSON shown below, the printer-shaped background the the of You this from Click to and then EPSON Checking Information This section to the to and information. the EPSON You commands clicking the the from this to the appears and of the function the the of the EPSON The features of the EPSON below. EPSON
This displays information about the EPSON connected directly to If from the the displays the and If the displays the and count of each the to this the and of the EPSON connected to To or from the or from the To memory, to (Doing the from The appearance of the to each the as the below. information. appearance The ready to or currently The occurred and Chapter troubleshooting information. There the and the The of the displays the of each and the Count displays the of to each You the the to the information the or Count Click the or Count title to the EPSON
To information the of each the from the then from the options below. the which information the selected To the information about the to the selected Select Not Memory the EPSON EPSON
To the appearance and of the EPSON and the from the options below. or the and the EPSON the of the the the and the the and and of to each the Refresh Updates the information shown the EPSON
the options below to the the and from the or the the Preferences Preferences where the and background the selected information, Turning background Allows to the to or the Background Activates the (A printer-shaped appears the the of EPSON The Background and the Preferences while the inactive.
the Select background Click the EPSON to Click About to the and copyright information. You the shown below to information the of To the the or and then choose from the of the EPSON You the clicking the the information the Preference the appearance of the that the when background active. EPSON
The and Information. To the the the top of the The and this information. The appearance of the to the the If the displays troubleshooting Information If connected to through this information network and other Preference The Preferences allows to the background and the (the of information the selected To the Preferences Turning background the background the the information the selected the background whenever the right of It and that allows to the EPSON
Turning background Follow the below to the selected and specify when the appears. the active. (It active appears the the of If the the EPSON from the as Then to Background the and from or Select the to from the and then Preferences the The below appears. The Background and the Preferences while the inactive. EPSON
the to the necessary. Click this to background the selected and the options. Click the options to specify when the to appear. Click OK to and the Preferences the background printer-shaped background appears the when the active. (To the follow Double-clicking the background the EPSON Right-clicking this where choose whether the appear front of other the This allows to the the the background from the EPSON to slowly.
Chapter Troubleshooting the and supply Single-sheet or feeding Continuous or feeding top-of-form tear-off or Clearing Printout. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
the You the lights the If and or lights or flashing or the the following to and the If cant this to the section. State of lights The the selected Troubleshooting Press the to The cover the and the to from another currently the path. the release back to the and the to feed the of the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary. the Then the to off the light, necessary. The correctly. and correctly. Chapter or sheets) instructions Then the to off the light, necessary. the Clear the as
State of lights Continuous to the The head overheated. Tear Font flashing of (three of The once when the function Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to off the light. sheet of ejected. Press the to the Then the to off the light, necessary. the Clear the as the once the head unknown occurred. Turn off the and off then turn the If the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
and easy to the information this section to the of and to that the type of that occurred, and the below: You the to whether the or the causing the instructions To to the To clear Troubleshooting supply Single-sheet or feeding Continuous or feeding top-of-form tear-off or
supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of Warning: the to outlet that the The and the lights off though turned the What to The properly the or The the and the outlet ratings. If the match, the immediately and Press the to off the and the the and the necessary. Then the to the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
Single-sheet or feeding The single-sheet or properly. What to The release the release to the to single-sheet information the release Chapter Continuous the the release to the path. tractor and the to the to the Then the release to the single-sheet Chapter information switching to The the too to the right the to that there. Single-sheet Chapter instructions properly. single-sheet The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of the Thickness Chapter creased, the specifications too thin, or too thick. C and sheets of Troubleshooting the to the
The What to too Press the to the the of within the specified single-sheet C. and the or The optional cut-sheet single-sheet properly. What to The cut-sheet as properly. A. Too sheets than sheets the cut-sheet the high-capacity cut-sheet the Optional Cut-Sheet information. The of the cut-sheet correctly. There the cut-sheet the the with the arrow then the right to match Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
Continuous or feeding The or properly. What to The release the release to the tractor correctly. the to information the release Chapter Single-sheet the the release to the path. single-sheet and the to the Then the release back to the Chapter information switching to instructions properly. the to The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of the Thickness Chapter The to the What to You tear off the the button. Troubleshooting Tear off the the perforation. Then the to the to the
top-of-form too high or the What to The software or match the of the The the front or match the of the The top or top-of- incorrect. The to Choose the from the selected software. or You the using the while the the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the or the the front or tractor using the or the EPSON About Chapter or the EPSON Utility Chapter the or top-of-form software. the C. the top-of-form the Top-of-Form Chapter the top-of-form using the the Top-of-Form Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
tear-off The (or too from) the perforation of What to The tear-off the tear-off the incorrect. the tear-off You the the while the the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off The to selected software. The or match the of the The the front or match the of the Troubleshooting the tear-off the the tear-off Chapter Choose the from the or the or the the front or tractor the or the EPSON About Chapter or the EPSON Utility Chapter
or The when the What to Press the button. The The cover the cover and the to The interface that both of the securely. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, as this chapter. interface the and/or specifications. software properly interface that the of both the and A-3 and Select from the or If necessary, or the software as Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
The nothing or abruptly What to The thickness the thickness to match incorrectly. the thickness of the Thickness The too the or the properly. The What to The thickness incorrectly The the as Chapter The What to The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of or sheets. Troubleshooting the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Chapter the thickness to
of the or What to The too the or the properly. The the as of the What to The head Stop and to the head replaced. the head yourself; the Also, other of the when the head replaced. the text the What to the of each of the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Chapter Turn the using the or the EPSON that the to each return. About or the EPSON Utility Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
The of What to commands the of each of The software incorrect. The Turn off the the or the EPSON About Chapter or the EPSON Utility Chapter The incorrect or other characters. What to and correctly. The character Select the character using selected software. software, the or the EPSON The character software the or EPSON Troubleshooting Turn off the using the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility the software. that the interface and that the correct. A-3 and If optional interface A-18.
The to Choose the from the selected software. or software correctly Software using the EPSON or the buttons. What to Bidirectional which the of that software correctly If necessary, or the software as Chapter software to the the bidirectional to this Printout this chapter. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
Clearing To clear follow these Press the to off the If single-sheet of the the cover. If from the the If the tear off the fresh supply the perforation the Turn the the right of the from to the the of the necessary, and the cover. Then the cover. Press the to the the and lights off. Troubleshooting the the right of the to clear when the off. the or the top-of-form or tear-off
Printout If that the properly the bidirectional to this To the below, four sheets of single-sheet or four of that least inches) and inches) Chapter instructions or instructions If to of each the the Follow these to the bidirectional and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the While holding the the to the The the bidirectional and then instructions and the first of the instructions, the and the with the Follow the instructions to the of and the with the each the the of the to turn off the and the bidirectional selections automatically. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the You the sheets or Chapter instructions or Chapter instructions sheets. that least inches) such as To follow these and the turned off. To the using the the LF/FF while the to the To the the the while turn the the of however, the than the Troubleshooting turn off the least seconds turning back otherwise the
seconds, the the and the of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the To the the to and the to the Then off the If or to the and software the from the as You or Chapter instructions or instructions sheets. that least inches) such as A4- or Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
To follow the below. and the turned off. off the least seconds turning back otherwise the To both the LF/FF and while the to the software and to the the To the to and the Load/Eject to the Then turn off the Troubleshooting If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as the characters the right with the of the the the receiving.
Enhancing With A-2 options A-2 Optional interface cards. A-3 the Optional Cut-Sheet A-4 the high-capacity or cut-sheet A-4 Loading the high-capacity cut-sheet A-6 Selecting the or A-10 Switching and single-sheet the cut-sheet A-11 the A-12 Assembling the A-12 the A-13 Loading A-14 A-16 Interface Card A-17 the C82305 or C82306 interface A-18 With A-1
below, of options and interface To purchase options, or as D. options High-capacity cut-sheet (C80673 to of or the without reloading. You of single-sheet to inch) thick this instructions this option, A-4. cut-sheet (C80674 to the high-capacity cut-sheet to cut-sheet You to sheets of ordinary single-sheet the second-bin cut-sheet instructions this option, A-4. (C80032 and reduces the chance of tractor with and and high-quality graphics. instructions this option, A-2 With
Optional interface Allows to with 8.5-inch that with instructions this option, A-12. The the of the which country. You optional interface to built- interface and The EPSON interface the below with (Not interfaces instructions interface A-17. C82305 C82306 interface C82307 C82308 32KB interface C82310 C82311 32KB interface C82312 LocalTalk interface C82313 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 Coax interface C82315 interface C82345 IEEE-1284 interface C82357 C82362 Ethernet interface C82363 C82364 The the which country. If whether optional interface or would to know about interfaces, With A-3
the Optional Cut-Sheet the optional high-capacity cut-sheet (C80673 to sheets of the cut-sheet connecting the cut-sheet (C80674 to the high-capacity cut-sheet The cut-sheet allows to of single-sheet the the and easily switch them. To the cut-sheet and the second-bin cut-sheet the second-bin cut-sheet instructions selecting or of the cut-sheet A-10. The second-bin cut-sheet only with the high- capacity cut-sheet the high-capacity or cut-sheet You the high-capacity cut-sheet and cut-sheet the Follow the below. the cut-sheet as the A-4 Enhancing With Warning: You to the head the cut-sheet If the the head touching
the turned off. to off the You to the head to the the high-capacity cut-sheet and the head while the the the and cover. Then the both of the and and off the If the as the cut-sheet both and the notches the mounting the as shown below. Then release the and the cut-sheet the the the as shown the cover. You ready to the cut-sheet To the high-capacity cut-sheet the section. To the of the cut-sheet the that with the second-bin cut-sheet If the to the or as A-10. To the cut-sheet the Enhancing With A-5
Loading the high-capacity cut-sheet You to ordinary or the high-capacity cut-sheet You of single-sheet to inch) thick this Follow the below to the high-capacity cut-sheet the cover, and the release to the the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. the A-6 With or the high-capacity cut-sheet
Release the and right of the cut-sheet the the of the with the arrow the back of the Then the to the of the right to match the of the the as shown With A-7
shown below, the cut-sheet type to the the single-sheet or and or single-sheet or single-sheet both the and to allow of to sheets of and Next, the and of the to the the the A-8 Enhancing With the type
the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. Then the to the back the to the the the cut-sheet selection to the single-sheet as shown below. Then the and the cover. the cover The when the cover the cut-sheet sheets the front The cut-sheet when the Printed the If to the If the first appears too high or its the the Top-of-Form the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form With A-9 single-sheet
Selecting the or the cut-sheet to the or or the shown below, the high-capacity cut-sheet and the second-bin cut-sheet It to the software usually the the the Tear the lights the as shown below. the from the select. o off A-10 Enhancing With o (the high-capacity cut-sheet selected. o (the second-bin cut-sheet selected. high-capacity cut-sheet second-bin cut-sheet
Switching and single-sheet the cut-sheet Switching to Switching to single-sheet the cut-sheet You easily switch tractor and single-sheet the cut-sheet without the If the path, the to them. the release to the front or tractor the thickness to the the thickness of the cut-sheet selection to the If the the Tear to the to the tear-off Then tear off the Tear off the the feeding Press the The the to the The attached to the the path. the release to the single-sheet the thickness to the the thickness of single-sheet the cut-sheet selection to the single-sheet If using the cut-sheet the to as A-10. With A-11
the The optional allows to 8.5-inch that with This inexpensive to that lengths. and the to Assembling the the the as shown. the and plate as shown below. Then the plate the and the together with the spacing A-12 With
the the both of the as shown below. While the the of the the the The assembled. the turned off. the the as shown below. the positioning the of the the the The to the the and the positioning If the to the To the the and the from beneath the Enhancing With A-13
Loading the follow the below to of the turned off. Then the cover and the the the thickness (located the cover) to the the thickness of the release to the single-sheet the leading of the straight across. the the of the as shown. A-14 Enhancing With
the and the the from the of the Turn the Then the leading of the the tractor and The the automatically. the and the cover. You ready to The the to the back of the as shown below. With A-15
Removing backward. To the cover and the then the where the Press the to the A-16 With the cover and the LF/FF to the Then tear off the the tear-off of the
Interface Card Follow the below to optional interface the turned off. the and the interface the screws from the shield the back of the and the the interface the both of the interface the to the the back of the interface the Then the screws and them. the shield plate to the interface To the interface the Enhancing With A-17
the C82305 or C82306 interface To the C82305 or C82306 interface the sections below the and other such as and interface Selecting You from the following and second). To the the selection interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that ready to the the with The other including and A-18 With
Cleaning and the Cleaning the B-2 Transporting the B-3 Cleaning and Transporting the B-1
Cleaning the To operating its should clean thoroughly year. Follow these the turned off. Then the the If or optional cut-sheet to and from the and If the outer or dirty, it with cloth with the cover and the cover the top of the to from the B-2 Cleaning and Transporting the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the EPSON think
Transporting the If to the and as below. Warning: You to the head to the If the the head cool touching Turn off the the from the then the interface from the the and the the from the If as If options them and them their boxes. that the head Then the as Chapter the as the protective locking both of the Then the as the that with the front instructions. the screw using the screwdriver that with the the and the and them the Cleaning and Transporting the B-3
B-4 Cleaning and Transporting the
C Specifications Specifications C-2 Mechanical. C-2 C-4 C-5 C-5 C-8 Printable C-9 C-11 CE C-11 Command C-12 EPSON ESC/P2 C-12 IBM C-16 Character C-17 International character the C-27 Specifications C-1 C
Specifications Mechanical High Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected using software commands. 1/6-inch or 1/360-inch Printable graphics) Interfaces: One bidirectional, interface with IEEE and optional interface feed Friction (front or top entry) (front or (front, or entry) and front and Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) Continuous inches/second 1/6-inch C-2 Specifications
capacity: High-capacity cut-sheet to of to or to to of to inch) thick 64KB or 0KB the or the EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR-B EPSON EPSON Orator-S EPSON C The thickness of the to inch). Second-bin cut-sheet to sheets of The thickness of the to inch) Scalable EPSON (every EPSON (every EPSON T10.5, (every EPSON H10.5, (every EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET Specifications C-3 C
Character One and graphical character graphical character countries.) C-19 information the character Character international character and character head) MTBF POH duty) head life400 and Height inches) inches) inches) Ribbon: Black (S015086) Ribbon characters (LQ, character) to to Rated to to Rated the character type) 52W (ISO/IEC This IT with Phase to Phase to V. the the back of the the of C-4 Specifications to the character type)
Operation to 35C to 95F) to RH to 60C to 140F) to RH and and as follows: to 25C to 77F) to RH that or or curled. Ordinary front, top, and cut-sheet and to to inches) High cut-sheet to to inches) cut-sheet to to inches) to to inches) Top: to to inches) High capacity cut-sheet to to inches) cut-sheet to to inches) Thickness to to inch) to to Humidity (without Specifications C-5 C
Single-sheet front, top, and cut-sheet top Postcards: front and top C-6 Specifications and to to inches) High-capacity cut-sheet to to inches) Second-bin cut-sheet to to inches) to to inches) to to inches) High-capacity cut-sheet to to inches) Second-bin cut-sheet to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to the top of (both front and top entry) (front only) inches) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to to to inches) inches) to to inches) Thickness inch)
Continuous and front, rear, and to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness Printable to to inch) Perforated to inch) to to of to to or both (front, or entry) thick straight path, them the front with front and inches) inch) to to inches) to to inches) sheet thickness to to inch) thickness to to inch) rear with optional inch) Thickness to to inch) to to Specifications C-7 C
the arrow The to the of the arrow Rear the The to the of the C-8 Specifications
Printable and postcards: Printable The top inch). The inch). The right inch). The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the C The inch). C C Specifications C-9 C
C-10 Specifications The top and and below the perforation inch) each. The and right inch) each. The inches). The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the The top inch). The inch). The right inch). The inches). Printable Printable
CE UL1950 CSA C22.2 EMI FCC CSA C108.8 EN (TV) EMI EN (CISPR AS/NZS Acoustic (A) (ISO Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC Specifications C-11 C
Command the following EPSON ESC/P2 and IBM EPSON ESC/P2 Selecting EPSON ESC/P2 software allows to and graphics. operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR ESC (C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC I, ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC (V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC4, SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC (U Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC graphic: ESC (G, ESC ESC (B C-12 Specifications
commands and includes the following EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, and POSTNET. the commands below: ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B Function: ESC EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET (1/360-inch (1/180-inch The and when POSTNET selected. The of POSTNET inch; the inch. Specifications C-13 C
to the The of each type The only the following characters type of of characters (HEX) characters (HEX) EAN-13 EAN-8 Interleaved of UPC-A UPC-E POSTNET of characters of characters C-14 Specifications The The character (HRC) The the HRC. The the HRC. of character EAN-13 and UPC-A only) Not 0D to FF 0C 0C or to FF to FF or 0A or 0C 0C to FF 0B 0B or to FF to FF or or 0B
The each type below. If included the the printed. type EAN-13 EAN-8 UPC-A UPC-E Interleaved of POSTNET The following unidirectionally. when with neither printed. when of the the right and text and text the The and characters of to characters. The of A, B, or C) as the first of and and respectively). C and Interleaved of selected, The POSTNET) inch the 41-5A), 2B, 2D, 2E, 2F) A, B, C Specifications C-15 C
IBM This the IBM the commands below. information, the IBM reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM ESC ESC Download: Download command provided. Graphic C-16 Specifications
Character PC (US You the character shown this section using the or with software commands. of the character the as the PC through 7F; these the characters through FF shown. The character with the only Specifications C-17 C
PC PC PC (Canadian-French)* PC (Nordic) C-18 Specifications
PC BRASCII Specifications C-19 C
ISO C-20 Specifications
PC ISO PC Specifications C-21 C
PC PC PC (East PC C-22 Specifications
PC PC PC MAZOWIA (Poland)* Specifications C-23 C
MJK (CSFR)* ISO ISO C-24 Specifications
PC (LST ISO Specifications C-25 C
PC LAT. PC UKR PC APTEC PC C-26 Specifications
PC PC AR character the Specifications C-27 C
International character the You of the following international character the character shown below using the or the ESC command. when the characters the the character You of the following with the ESC command. C-28 Specifications
Customer Information Contacting Customer Support. D-2 North American Users. D-2 services D-2 Automated telephone services D-3 United and the of Ireland D-4 D-4 Customer D-4 EPSON D-5 Service and D-5 World D-5 Australian D-6 EPSON FAXBACK D-6 EPSON D-6 URL D-6 D-6 EPSON D-7 D-7 D-7 D-8 D-8 Technical D-8 D-8 Customer Information D-1
Contacting Customer If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information Chapter services the section country below. to the following information: North American If purchased the United States or EPSON through the following services: services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to EPSON of CompuServe type GO EPSON the CompuServe to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and D-2 Customer Information of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click the About NT, or Software application(s) normally with the and their number(s):
Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice pre-recorded to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer EPSON technical and information the and of EPSON products. (U.S.), or A.M. to P.M., through please the following information ready: Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please If using software with EPSON the that technical information. Customer Information D-3
United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, (UK) of services and technical the of Ireland, please the when the UK telephone the following the should as from the of Ireland. The the UK or from the of Ireland, or the They the following information: Information and EPSON products from EPSON) Where to purchase EPSON and options Customer Customer the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty information contacting Customer team, please the Service and Information that with EPSON If this found EPSON service, Service or World below D-4 Customer Information
EPSON Service and World EPSON Service and specifications the EPSON products information including troubleshooting switch and information To EPSON, touch-tone You to follow to and once and numbers, EPSON of the to found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. You the EPSON Service membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, phone and (which yourself). If to the and World information the EPSON products, software and to Customer Information D-5
Australian EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If phone URL Access the World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to D-6 Customer Information
EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. the telephone and below. To technical as as other services, users to EPSON Limited. Customer Information D-7
EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to Frequently of EPSON World www.epson.com.hk. board (BBS) to information and the of You the following the BBS service: Technical You technical the telephone and below. To technical as as other services, to the EPSON Office the telephone and below. D-8 Customer Information BBS: Phone: BBS:
ASCII American Information assigning to and this the or the EPSON utility, each (CR) (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally). This increases the reduce Bidirectional the The of the memory to printed. character of numbers, and that the of characters characters inch of the of text characters. pitch. that both perforated and to function such as or feed. characters inch. cut-sheet optional, that sheets of the or that when the turned or initialized. known as factory
dithering halftoning which to or Dithering with such as charts and of which each or of The when as the The character high-speed and quality. ESC/P2 The of the ESC/P2 Commands this features, such as and graphics of type such as or (FF) and that the to the top- of-form halftoning of to to of using or nearly of using of troubleshooting that the of the and the the each that and as ASCII characters. high-speed using the or the EPSON High-speed of character to high-speed and quality. interface The the and the which to the
that oriented the This that than high and spreadsheets. feed (LF) and that the that allows to precisely the tear-off and top-of-form There three tear-off, and top-of-form. there the top-of-form tear-off and top-of-form information these of the pitch The of the which measured the of characters inch The characters inch. The that the that oriented upright the (as to which the This the or The of which the It than the physical of the to software that or commands to to to whose characters amounts of the of the character. the than the lowercase To to its of the amount of that represented. of measured the of inch to the of the the the the characters its ROM Memory).
The of when to the the of the Tear that the perforation of to the tear- off and when the back to the top-of-form tear-off The of when tear-off or the Tear the the tear-off that the perforation with the tear-off of the top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top of the which the head only. Unidirectional useful graphics You the or the EPSON bidirectional
the attached to the the Tear-off Tear off the tear-off Top-of-form The ABC the top-of-form