Unpack (Included only) If as the back. The of slightly from the shown The included CD and apply to products the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. only: French from the and text the protective Turn the the to Press the On You the LCD necessary. Select to to then OK Press or the then the cover. the or then them. the yellow from each other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. the Press the OK to charge the Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while charging or the and the the the and the the the then the and the right and the with the Dont the first. the
Unpack (Included only) If anything as the back. The of slightly from the shown The included CD and apply to products the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. French from the and only: text the protective Turn the the to Press the On You the LCD necessary. Select to to then OK Press or the then the cover. the or then them. the yellow from each other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. the Press the OK to charge the Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while charging or the and the the the and the the the then the and the right and the with the Dont the sideways; first. the
Select OK to to then Press or the then the cover. the gently or then them. the yellow from each other or the the the each Unpack (Included only) If as the back. The of slightly from the shown The included CD and apply to products the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. from the and only: the protective Turn the the to Press the On You the LCD necessary. Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. the Press the OK to charge the Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while it charging or the and the the output the and the the the then the and the right and the with the Dont the sideways; first. the
Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. the to charge the Charging about OK Press the with and of the from the first the Dont off the while charging or the and the the the and the the Select OK to to then Press or the then the cover. the or then them. only the from each other or the the the each Unpack (Included only) If as the back. The of slightly from the shown The included CD and apply to products the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. French from the and only: text the protective Turn the the to Press the button. On You the LCD necessary. the then the and the right and the with the Dont the sideways; first. the
software software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS and the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the NX410 software CD. With the SETUP.EXE the Account Click and follow the on-screen instructions. this the first option and then Next the connected to through If the option, Next then to prompted, USB If securely connected and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. ready to and the or on-screen Information instructions. the NOT CONNECTED to the NX410 software CD. Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned If OS to If OS or with the this Follow the the right of the to the Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. to and the or on-screen Information instructions. LCD Copy or photo from memory Select of and Turn on/off instructions copying, and scanning. On-screen Information Click the shortcut easy to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and with software Select or when using software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and with DURABrite the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Select of smooth, heavy-weight and professional to brochures. Crop High to or Black and and service of Corporation. DURABrite of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27262 the to the right and it with when purchasing Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX the below to Its as easy as High- NX410 Cartridges High- capacity capacity Black
software XP, XP Professional Edition, software with and and OS NOT CONNECTED the to If New and the USB You cant software that the NX410 software CD. With the SETUP.EXE the Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click this the first option and then Next the to through If the option, then to Next prompted, USB If securely connected and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. or on-screen ready to and the instructions. Information the NOT CONNECTED to the NX410 software CD. Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned If OS to If OS or with the this Follow the the right of the to the Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. ready to and the or on-screen Information instructions. LCD Copy or from memory Select of and Turn on/off instructions copying, and scanning. On-screen Information Click the shortcut easy to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and with software Select or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. photo Select of smooth, heavy-weight and to brochures. Crop High to or the below to Its as easy as Black and and service of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-27262 the to the right and with when purchasing Black Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX High- NX410 Cartridges High- capacity
to NOT CONNECTED the the NX410 software CD. Double-click the and follow the on-screen instructions. Click prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned If OS to If OS or with the this Follow the the right of the to the necessary. Next Click Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. or on-screen ready to and the instructions. Information software XP, XP Professional Edition, software with and and OS NOT CONNECTED the to If New and the USB You cant software that the NX410 software CD. With the SETUP.EXE the Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click Next this the first option and then the to through If the option, then to Next prompted, USB If securely connected and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. or on-screen ready to and the instructions. Information LCD photo Copy or from memory Select of Select of to previous Crop and Turn on/off instructions and scanning. On-screen Information Click the shortcut easy to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. smooth, heavy-weight and professional brochures. High to or the below to Its as easy as Black and and service of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-27262 the to the right and with when purchasing NX410 Cartridges Black Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX High- High- capacity
LCD Copy or and Turn on/off instructions and scanning. Information On-screen Click the shortcut easy to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and On-screen with software when using software. or Select Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative to AM (U.S.) or PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. to NOT CONNECTED the the NX410 software CD. Double-click the and follow the instructions. Click prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned If OS to If OS or with the this Follow the the right of the to the necessary. Next Click Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. or on-screen ready to and the instructions. Information software XP, XP Professional Edition, software with and and OS NOT CONNECTED the to If New and the USB You cant software that the NX410 software CD. With the SETUP.EXE the Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click this the first option and then Next the connected to through If the option, then to Next prompted, USB If securely connected and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. ready to and the or on-screen instructions. Information and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. from memory Select of Select of smooth, heavy-weight and professional to brochures. Crop High to or the below to Its as easy as capacity High- capacity Black Yellow and and service of Corporation. DURABrite of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27262 the to the right and it with when purchasing NX410 Cartridges capacity Black Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX High-