light On EXT/IF (USB) or optional Bluetooth USB buttons Battery cover AC Cartridge T5570) Includes of and Cartridge buttons Edition Rechargeable Battery C12C831074) or other without Memory light Edition Carrying Soft that and Bluetooth C12C824142) Allows wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled PDAs, or to Specifications Memory yellow, photo red, Bidirectional with ESC/P EPSON Remote 64KB Mechanical sheets Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: inches without or Edition Edition
Edition to Rated to to Rated off to F to C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) Humidity (without to RH to RH UL CSA EMC FCC CSA C108.8 Class Cartridge Colors Red, and Cartridge months F C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) F C) inches (W H) (W H) thaws and hours F C). Edition charging Normal optional To Cartridge and the amount of using IC the photo the the IC that empty. the the expired. or Cartridge to heat or sunlight. Loading Follow these to Dont this the to the back and then the the and the top clicks Then the the right Edge the the it tight that the
Edition from these memory such as CD, or memory (thumb) Without PictBridge- or Without Bluetooth optional Bluetooth Without With and the on-screen (included CD) these JPEG or The should comply with DCF from to JPEG or RAW and the first memory or Memory Card The the On to Press the the memory the memory of the three Top: Memory TM Memory PRO TM Memory PRO TM TM Memory Memory TM CompactFlash or TM the the the light the memory Removing Memory Card the light flashing, then the straight of the while the light flashing; the Press to back the battery, off used. Press the On to turn back Edition Edition TM Card TM Card SD MMC TM TM TM Memory Memory Card light
Edition Choosing to photo easy to the to the shows the of and If to the each off. Without Computer instructions. the selection the The or the top of the the currently selected option. highlighted, then the OK If than of each the or to the of You the to necessary. Press the You the Confirmation: Edition You or to If the enough loaded, then to If than to while of that and OK to If to You easily the memory and the to At the photo selection the or to highlight Press the OK button. You the first memory Press or to the to To the Then or to the that or to choose the of to You around photo, indicating the that If to this the Then or to the Press OK then OK
If to the brightness, or sharpness of the photo, the and the to You the to selected Press the button. You the Confirmation: You or to the or selected. If enough loaded, then to of You choose (or of from memory through Selecting to choose each photo. At the selection the or to highlight Press the OK You of Press or to choose the first to then OK The from to Press or to choose the to of selected Press OK Press or to the of each photo. The apply to the If to the Press You the Confirmation. enough loaded, then to You If of memory this to the At the photo selection the or to highlight Press the OK You of and of that Press or to highlight the then to the Edition Edition
Edition appears the the selected. If to selection, selected the OK Press or to the the or selected. Press or to the of If to other the apply to the selected. Press You the Confirmation. enough loaded, then to to includes selection of character and to choose from. to with or oriented At the photo selection the or to highlight Press the OK You the first memory Press or to the to Then OK You the first Edition Press or to the to Then OK You photo the selected: If to and If the and the Press then the and photo. Press or to the of If to or to and white or the Press the You the Confirmation. enough loaded, then Slideshow of You the At the selection the or to highlight Slideshow Press the OK the slideshow displays the the memory then to the selection If to the slideshow OK Press OK to If to the slideshow, or
Doing With You the to or You the to the the following: Choose from of the or and white or that too light or Without information. and Prints Follow these to they years. Prints To scratches or the of the If them with the touching. Prints To as as them or of sunlight to hours Unused to the from high humidity, and bright light. or of to (includes Cartridge and and the Cartridge. You the the Without the to from Cartridge within months of and the the and the previous section. Removing the Used Cartridge Cartridge Once the the the Cartridge Instructions the Without the the the the back of the photo to the Release the shown. This releases the the Edition Edition
Edition Warning: of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with If or flushing, immediately. the New Cartridge the four or while wrapped its the Dont the board. the photo immediately from its If the to the the then the the both of the to crooked. It the the to the the shown. Edition the the Cleaning the Head If as as to too light, or they or through them, head clogged. Follow these to clean the head: Press the to highlight Press or Press to the Clean Head selected, then You this Press OK to cleaning the head. The cleaning about seconds. and the following the off while cleaning its head, hasnt or than
cleaning to To the clean, of photo then OK Dont this the to the the to there the OK cleaning If thre to back to the If there OK to the head You to or three the cleared. You off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the Head If and as as or light or to the head. Press the Press or to highlight then to the Press or to Head then You this Press the The following printed: the to which each the with or (You to Press or to highlight the the to Then to to Press or to highlight the the to the the each OK the head and displays when The that become the the the head. Press OK or to to the With You The easy to (from to the If should to isnt If On to off. the LCD then the from the from the and Edition Edition To of the and or other location where too
Edition the top of the and Then the and the the and connected USB from the back of and its (both the that or the optional Carrying the photo Dont its or or If as try the head the Optional Battery With battery, from to Follow these to the optional battery. Turn the off and the AC the cover the back of the Edition the as shown clicks the the that as shown: the cover. the battery, to charge connecting the AC and the It about hours to charge the when off, and when Related CPD-19365 CPD-19367 Without CPD-19430 With CPD-19366 Edition CD-ROM with