NX430 Small-in-One these instructions using Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective including from the Turn and the then the to the back of the and to to the then the If to the the release the without first the release or the Select To English as OK If to the or to then OK You the the information, the Dont the and the the or then them. the from each Dont other or the the the each and each clicks. the Press OK to the about with and of the from the first the Dont turn off the while or this LCD with the instructions the following the the necessary. Then the and back slightly. the then the 1-F C 1-F the to the the right and the the with the inch inch Dont the first. the the of the the back. 1-F 1-F
NX430 Small-in-One these instructions Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective including from the Turn and the then the to the back of the and to to the then the If to the the release the without first the release or the the Select OK as English To Press OK to the about with and of the from the first the If to the or to then OK Dont off the while or You the the information, the this LCD with the instructions the following Dont the and the the the or then them. the necessary. Then the and back slightly. the from each Dont other or the the the each and each clicks. the then the 1-F C 1-F the to the the right and the the with the inch inch Dont the sideways; first. the the of the the back. 1-F 1-F
software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the CD. If the If the Account or OS X: Double-click the Click or OS X) and follow the instructions the the options section this information. Choose Then Next or OS X) and follow the instructions options Wireless You the software from which to the installation, USB included) to wireless the to the prompted to the If OS or or USB to the buttons the to wireless Follow the instructions software installation; they to the wirelessly this know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). If below: Network the right (SSID). If Unblock or Allow to If security (WEP or WPA correctly. If (ABC), lowercase or them correctly. Function Press or the to highlight character or function Press OK to the the function to AB12 lowercase or and to characters nished, highlight and OK The Press to from to connecting with USB securely connected as shown: instructions copying, scanning, and troubleshooting. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the technical On-screen with software Select or when using software. technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S. AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products 1-B C 1-B and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Heavyweight, and business the below to Its as easy as NX430 Moderate-capacity High-capacity Black wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect and DURABrite and of Corporation. and Small-in-One of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-34312R1 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B
options software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software installation. to NOT CONNECTED the If New and the USB You cant software that the CD. If the or If the Account Double-click the X: OS OS X) and follow or Click the instructions the Select the section this sheet information. or Next Choose Then OS X) and follow the instructions to with USB Wireless securely connected as shown: You the software from which to the installation, using USB included) to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the If using OS or or USB to the buttons the to wireless Follow the instructions software they to the wirelessly this (SSID) and instructions scanning, and troubleshooting. Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the technical If below: Network the right (SSID). Unblock If to Allow or If security (WEP or WPA correctly. If (ABC), lowercase or them correctly. On-screen with software Select or when using software. Function buttons technical (U.S.) or where or Press or the to highlight character to OK or function Press You with calling: the the AB12 function buttons to lowercase or and to characters U.S. AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and nished, highlight OK and hours of to without or charges apply. The Press to from Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products 1-B C 1-B and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Heavyweight, and business the below to Its as easy as NX430 Moderate-capacity High-capacity Black wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect and DURABrite and of Corporation. and Small-in-One of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-34312R1 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B