Operation EN without FR DE NL
About This Informationen Follow these as instructions: instructions Warning: followed to injury. to to to and to installation. Indicates where information found. Notes information and hints the informations informations hin, Informationen Informationen informatie informatie
More Information dinformations Informationen informatie
EN FR Table Instructions to the of the Function the LCD Restarting Automatically Selecting Loading Memory Card Copy Copying Copy/Restore Cards from Sheet Other Scanning to Memory Card Scanning to to Checking the Cartridge Checking/Cleaning the Head the Head PictBridge Cartridges Quality/Layout Contacting Customer Index Fonction LCD Insertion PictBridge service Index
DE NL Inhoud Pictbridge selecteren lay-outs Cartridges Index
Instructions the of the near outlet where the easily only the that with the of another fire or shock. the with other of the type of indicated the type type the become or the while copying, or scanning. Scan- of
products that or around the Doing fire. Gase of as specifically to service the yourself. of the reach of and the hors Tinte If off with and If them immediately with If or immediately. wast arts their this If the supply from and and the as the the supply or surrounding tout stof of
to on/off to the top the top switches Scan, and sous/hors Scan Scan the of or the of to of the selected or displays Affiche Affiche affiche of
OK each Affiche Selects and to the the of the or the of as as numbers.
o when or numbers. You Affiche of back when numbers/ characters. Affiche Cursor of of on/off. when numbers/characters. of of copying/printing/faxing or of
the of the To or the the the clicks, and then the to of Function Fonction of inactivity, the to Press On to the to its previous touche touche On On On
the LCD LCD Press or to the of the selected photo. touche Foto of Press or to the Press or to the The highlight or of of of Press to the item Press or to the the LCD LCD. LCD- Foto of
the Red-Eye to On-This or On-All the The the cropped, Correction Ttes saffiche. saffiche Foto of displayed. saffiche. displayed. and Copy the ADF displayed the right of the LCD when there the saffiche LCD
than memory the LCD displays to group. the they To and group, or to and then OK To or Select Location and then Select or Select LCD affiche fonction afficher OK OK selecteren of OK of of select. The slightly from those shown this tout LCD-
Restarting Automatically If the while the or when the reconnected. The about seconds. stand-by of the the head
of the buttons the the LCD interrompu touche LCD the the occurred, this On touche On On On
Selecting selecteren The of land. If to this Bright White Heavyweight Quality with of to the the right-hand the English Choose this the LCD Loading (sheets) type LCD ordinaire ordinaire ordinaire ordinaire ordinaire photo
LCD- Bright White Heavyweight Quality
Loading C and and the when Informationen
the arrow the back. the of the with
Memory Card Insertion Removing Memory Card the light of the light of to force the the the It should etwas On Flashing
Card Card Card M+ Card SD SDHC Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory If the memory then the the otherwise the Compact
originals to Capacity sheets or or (A4, sheets (ADF) (ADF) ordinaire (A4, You the ADF to or ADF of Format (A4, of (A4,
To the following these types, the together with and that or to them. or thermal that torn, or to bords. bourrages Thermotransferpapier. C Fotos, of of of facing-up. Ins.
the function with the the and A4. The than A4. fonction A4. A4, Format A4. A4 A4. A4 Copy the originals as shown the right. lay-out
Table You or of the as as they than Foto of horizontally. to the corner. there the and the to the the hat
Copy
Copying the of C Select horizontally. the Select Copy Proceed.
the the Select and Copy copying. the If to layouts, Copy lay-out. the and
Copy/Restore the C photo. Select Copy/Restore Select On or Non. of Select Copy Proceed.
the of Proceed. If the photo. gescand, the Proceed. the and the the
copying.
EN FR DE NL EN Copy and Copy With Copy Reduce/Enlarge A5->A4, A4->A5 A4, 1015cm(46in), A5 Text Text Quality Quality, Copy/Restore and Copy Copy slightly and to the of the top and of the or the smeared when Select the amount the expanded when
FR Marge, A5->A4, A4->A5 A4, A5 Txt DE Rand, A5->A4, A4->A5 A4, A5 Text, Foto
NL Lay-out rand, A5->A4, A4->A5 A4, 1015cm(46in), A5 Probleemoplossing of Selecteer fotos. Pap.form.
Select and Affichage C photo photo. Select photo. Foto memory You and photo. Press and the Foto Foto Select
the of Select To and the and Pap.form. the To and the Select
Select Foto-Layout-Blatt Fotolay-outvel C photo. Select Lay-out memory Select type and type Select Select lay-out
If manually as shown or as shown photo lay-out of To selecting Selecteren Proceed. the of photo. photo. Foto Foto Print.
Cards C ordinaire A4. memory You with handwritten A4 First write and then the template to cards. A4. Select Select Card
Proceed. Select the photo to photo Foto Print. with the of the Select
Select the of the Select the type. type. cards. or of the of then the template face-down.
from Index Sheet ordinaire A4. C memory You using A4 First the that to and then the to A4. A4-Indexblattes A4. Select Sheet
Select with the of the Select the of the Select Select or Rand of
Select to with horodatage. Selecteren of from the the of You or the face-down. the photo photo.
EN FR DE NL EN and Card Select Select Select Selection Quality Bidirectional Detection Red-Eye Brightness Sharpness These functions only They Select the amount the expanded when Select On to photo to the the selected. Select to off and white the of the photo. Select On to increase the Select to the slowly). Select PhotoEnhance to the brightness, and of automatically. Select P.I.M. to PRINT Matching or the type of photo, of the other than the corrected. Select On to and white.
FR Affichage toutes Correction affectent fonction Non photo. Non PhotoEnhance P.I.M. PRINT photo. type photo, sections
DE Foto-Layout-Blatt Diashow Foto Foto PhotoEnhance, P.I.M., PRINT Matching- Print- Foto
NL Fotolay-outvel Fotoselectie Pap.form. Probleemoplossing fotos. lay-out witte PhotoEnhance PIM PRINT of Print-
Other
ordinaire A4. Select You or with or without photo as the background. Foto of C Select type of type Formattyp If without background to Format type
Proceed. the of and Select the to photo Foto To the Proceed.
Scanning to Memory Card Select Scan to Memory Card Scan C memory Select and selecteren the the Select Scan Scan Scan If the of the the Scan photo
Scanning to C Select Scan Scan Scan software this and connected following the instructions the instructions Software software instructies Select Select PC. PC. PC
selecting PC, software scanning. the PC Informationen selecteren scansoftware informatie.
to Follow the on-screen instructions. instructions instructies C and To the writing Writing and Select You from the the memory from the the then Memory Card
EN FR DE NL EN Scan Scan to Memory Card Format JPEG, PDF Scan to PC Scan to PDF Scan to Displayed when the the Displayed when the the Narrow Graph Stationery Stationery Memory Card Scan of A4 Text, Photograph Quality Memory Capacity
FR Format JPEG, PDF A4 Txt, PC PDF bloc-notes bloc-notes DE Scanmodus Scan Format JPEG, PDF Scan-to-PC Scan-to-PDF Scan-to-Email A4 Text, Foto
NL Scan JPEG, PDF PDF A4 Foto
Checking the Cartridge BK C Black Select C or of
On the to they expended. You this selecting and then Cartridge instructions the section Inktcartridge the or of If the displayed. saffiche of
Checking/Cleaning the Head Select A4 A4. the buses. Select the C Select
Head Cleaning and selecteren If cleaning four the least hours. Then try cleaning the head If Support. head cleaning. head cleaning from clean the head toutes
the Head Select Head A4 A4. Select Select the C Select Select the
the and of tous the head.
PictBridge PictBridge Pictbridge PictBridge- Select Select Select and C Select PictBridge Pictbridge Pictbridge PictBridge to
PictBridge Format JPEG to PictBridge Format JPEG PictBridge JPEG PictBridge JPEG of the reflected the the this and the of type, and supported. associations charge. Layout-Kombinationen lay-out
EN FR DE NL EN Sound Network the items, the the items, the Bluetooth the items, the PictBridge the items, the Select, Select Network Network You the LCD from with Info, without Info, and Head Cleaning Head Cartridge Format Daylight Country/Region
FR Son Format Bluetooth Pictbridge options LCD Afficher DE Pictbridge Info, Info Displayformat
NL informatie informatie Bluetooth-instellingen informatie PictBridge informatie select., info, info Inktcartridge
EN FR DE NL EN the and the Then the and the the then off and Communication the connected, then occurred. Turn off and then occurred. Turn off and then If the fixed, The nearing the of their service life. Please Support. The the of their service life. Please Support. the The printed. The of malfunction the the The correctly. of the or the the correctly. the memory or the memory or correctly. If to there with the or and The of IP and the connected correctly. If the appears, that software and that the software correct. Turn the off and then back that the If the appears, Turn the off and then back If the appears, to the of their service life. the the and to to the the the The of malfunction the the the the of the corrupted or occurred and canceled. of the and the
FR hors saffiche fin fin Incorrect USB Association IP incorrecte. saffiche corrects. hors saffiche fin Un
DE Support. Epson-Support Epson-Support IP-Adresse Support. Support.
NL Oplossing Communicatiefout. of Printerfout Scannerfout foutmelding Support. Support. Fout Fout of of of of of of of Kopieerfout. Combinatie of foutmelding of scansoftware of foutmelding of foutcode
Cartridges Cartridges Cartridge Precautions the head hand. from the following operations: head cleaning and charging when efficiency, when ready to with when recommends the of the or reliability of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed, and of recorded service Once the the obtained Otherwise the the head the ready to the The to its reliability. Other products that covered warranties, and turn off the charging as this expended, the other toutes Nous recommandons informations relatives conserver hors
etwas Tinte Tinte EPSON- Tinte Informationen Information Tinte Tinte Tinte hand. Cartridges herinstallatie Epson-cartridges of functioneert. informatie service vervangingsprocedure
C the to the cover while the head Select and cartouche.
to the the of the crochets If it to the cover, each clicks the yellow and charging and If to copying, to charging finished, the that copying and from the
C If the Clear the
C Turn off. hors If the Select Turn Sous
(ADF) C Proceed. the ADF cover If the cover, the ADF- Select
Quality/Layout EN the following from the further information, You (light or ABDEGI or smeared. ABDEFH or ABCDG You incorrect or DG The or incorrect. JKLM the type. the (the whiter or of the facing the right or as the Quality as the Bidirectional Bidirectional C quality. Clean the head. the head. To the of the without the further information, within months of to and recommended If (cross-hatch) appears the Reduce/Enlarge or the of selected the and Reduce/Enlarge the and the correctly. If the of the or off, the slightly from the corner. Clean the
FR dinformations, ABDEGI ABDEFH ABCDG incorrectes DG incorrect. JKLM type correct. Non Bidirect. C dinformations, hachures)
DE Informationen ABDEGI ABDEFH ABCDG DG JKLM C Informationen, Informationen,
NL Oplossing of ABDEGI of ABDEFH of ABCDG of DG of JKLM of of of Bidirect. Bidirectioneel C of informatie. Epson-cartridges of of Pap.form. Lay-out of of
Contacting Customer service If the the troubleshooting information, services You the information or warranty If there, the where purchased informations services service service Informationen Informationen informatie of
Copyright Notice Copyright of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON STYLUS and of Corporation. PRINT Matching and the PRINT of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights SDHC Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory Stick, and Memory of Corporation. of The Bluetooth the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and to Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those
EN the Head Memory Card Bidirectional Bluetooth Brightness C Cartridge cleaning, of the Clock Copying Copying Crop Daylight from B&W Card Cartridge Memory Card Network PictBridge Quality correction Saturation................................................................................................50 Scan Scan Scan to Scan to Memory Card Scan to PC Scan to PDF Detection Sharpness Sound Supported Thumbnails Troubleshooting
FR photo Bidirect. C PictBridge Format PC PDF bourrages charge Bluetooth Pictbridge ctche Saturation................................................................................................51 Son correction
DE Displayformat Foto Randlos/Rand Scan Scan (Foto Scan-to-Email Scan-to-PC Scan-to-PDF Scan Scan Pictbridge
NL Bluetooth-instellingen C Cartridge Foto Index Lay-out PictBridge PDF fotos)
land. Office BX610FW/ SX610FW Office TX610FW EN Black FR DE NL information. dinformations. Informationen. BK C T1001 T1002 T1003 T1004 T0711H T0711 T0712 T0713 T0714 (T1031) (T1032) (T1033) (T1034) 73HN (T0731HN) 73N 73N (T0731N) (T0732N) the SX610FW recommends the T071 the BX610FW the T100 high the TX610FW the the parenthesis displayed the SX610FW recommande T071 BX610FW recommande T100 TX610FW SX610FW T071 BX610FW T100 TX610FW SX610FW type T071 73N (T0733N) 73N (T0734N) BX610FW type T100 TX610FW Copyright Corporation. rights Printed XXXXXX