Accessories or optional Bluetooth USB Cartridge optional On light Selects the or through options Selects Edge Selects of or Optional accessory Bluetooth C12C824383 Carrying PMBAG06 Specifications Memory light Memory Colors: Black Bidirectional with EPSON ESC/P Since the of or type of the the of or type of (Included inches type or Cartridge release Dont this to or Cartridge (Included Colors and Cartridge months F C) installation; years from to F to C) month F C) F C) thaws and hours F C). To and Other products to covered warranty. the the expired. photo or to heat or sunlight. to the photo This or other to covered warranty. (PM (PM
(PM Mechanical top Sheet Width: inches Depth: inches inches without photo or AC Printable inch of the to to Rated A) A) off the the of information. AC A381H Rated AC to AC to Rated to to Rated to Rated to DC V, Operation: to F to C) to F to C) month F C) Operation: to RH to RH (without (PM (with and Width: inches Depth: inches Height: inches Memory Card Card CF II Compatible with CF+ and CompactFlash Specification USB Interface Connectivity Universal Specifications Revision Universal Specifications Revision (High Connector type USB Encoding NRZI Recommended than Interface Connectivity Universal Specifications Revision Connector type USB Encoding NRZI Recommended than Not USB supported. UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 Class Memory MemoryStick PRO Compatible with Memory Compatible with Memory Memory PRO Format Specifications SD MMC Compatible with SD Memory Card Specifications PART1. Physical Compatible with Card Compatible with Card Card Specification Card/Type Card
Loading Dont or the to the back. the the to the the outward. of to of and the sheets slightly them. the the with the or whiter the slightly. or whiter beneath arrow of or whiter to the and to curling. from these memory (as PictBridge or USB-DIRECT PRINT Bluetooth-enabled optional Bluetooth C12C824383) the or the on-screen instructions from connected these JPEG or from to features. to this included JPEG or RAW and the first memory or (PM (PM
(PM Memory Card Press the On to the to the the memory the as shown. Top SD and SDHC and and MMC Card Card and H) Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO Memory Memory CompactFlash and II) cant once. the the the the memory light (PM Memory light Memory Card ready to memory the memory light flashing. while the memory light flashing; To from the top the and release then straight of the To from the and release the release Then the to and straight of the the Press to back Choosing to easy to the to If and OK to To OK Select OK
Select Press the To than of each or to the of to You to or containing thumbnail of Press to the of the Choosing Press Press or to the To the of or to the photo, then OK to increase or to the of Press to Selected Press or to the to Press OK to To than of the OK to increase the of to Press to the through each to You to necessary. Press to the of the Choosing Press Press or to the Press to Wallet Camera-Selected DPOF If DPOF Format), to the and to to choose with DPOF, then memory You this the Press to the of the Choosing You to necessary. Press to If PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT to and the to the information. Choosing This affects Press the to the sizewith or without wallet or wallet You sheets containing of using the button. Each and their without expanded. To the amount of the and the Select the and of to To 6-inch, or to the of the To of or to highlight and OK Press (PM (PM Wallet
(PM Press or to the If they appear to rotated, they correctly. Press to Black and White or This affects You photo and white or tone when the brownish, old-fashioned photo Press Press or to highlight and OK Press or to Black White or and OK The to back to the and Press OK You with the selected. (PM Including the This affects You include the originally the of The from from the If the incorrect, the The appear the Press Press or to highlight and OK Press or to On and OK This photo affects only that too too light, or with the PhotoEnhance This and increases and sharpness. Press Press or to highlight Effect and OK Press or to PhotoEnhance and OK If the of as the Effect photo, using PhotoEnhance software.
and Prints Follow these to they Prints the of the photo. with the touching. hours To as as them or of the to fading. Unused to the to curling, and from high and bright light. Checking the You the Press Press or to highlight and OK You the the photo Press to If the displays should the the The and If while the and the without turning off and to the photo This or other to covered warranty. To and Other products or other to covered warranty. The everything to and The following Supported T5846 and and other T5845-M and photo If reason, inch You wherever or from that You and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca within months of and the the (PM (PM
(PM Removing and Cartridge the photo Once the the right the the back of the to the Release to the without the the and of properly. recycling Warning: of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with If or flushing, immediately. (PM the from its Dont the board. the immediately from its If the straight the clicks The the You to the to the the right, to the If the correctly, to the the charging and displays finished OK Dont the
Cleaning the Head If as as to too light, or through themPictureMate head cleaning. Follow the below to the head. If the cant the head the cleaning the head. Press Press or to highlight and OK Press or to Cleaning and OK Press OK to the head. Cleaning about seconds. and Cleaning cleaning the to there the OK cleaning If there OK to back to the If there to the head You to or three the clean. If cleaning three to the on-screen You off and overnight to allow to Then cleaning the head the Head If and the as as to or light or through themyou to the head. the head Press Press or to highlight and OK Press or to Head and OK Press The following printed: the to which the with or (You to Press or to highlight the the to Then OK the head and the The that becomes the the the head. (PM (PM
(PM With You easy to or the optional carrying PMBAG06). If to to from of the and or other location where too or too cold. or On to off Press the the On light then the from the and the and connected USB from the and the that or the optional carrying the and the accessory that with and with the the photo the Dont its or or If as the head. (PM Related CPD-21347 CPD-21348 CPD-21349 (PM CD-ROM with on-screen