March PM PRINTER GUIDE
March PM rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with these of this information as to other ESC/P, and MicroWeave of Corporation. PhotoEnhance, UltraSmooth, and UltraChromeK3 and Preferred and service of America, Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Notices Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Printed Inc. CPD-19586R1
March PM FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the receiving Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. Changes or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. conforme NMB-003
March PM
March PM Introduction This information and using selecting and It to to its and troubleshooting information, the following: The Reference summary of procedures and and other and the head, and to easy reference. The Reference the CD-ROM information about the and software. You the such as TM or FireFox or or or Microsoft or Notes, and These this WARNINGS to injury. to to Notes information about hints to the of
March PM Introduction the Graphics and options that currently and offers these optional and Optional and software Option C4800STAND (Ethernet C12C824052 (interface (Normal Tension) or 3-inch C12C811171 (High Tension) or 3-inch C12C811191 One-year warranty EPP48B1 Two-year warranty EPP48B2 these user-replaceable items: and user-replaceable C12C890191 C12C815291 Cartridges the the built-in You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the U.S., purchase www.epsonstore.com. purchase www.epson.ca or Where To technical and information the installation, and of professional products through the Preferred Protection AM to PM through hours and to without SM
March PM If with the toll-free or Unit ID improperly shielded than the to malfunction. USB to allow the to Unit ID which included with the Protection information that with and of purchase. technical hours through the World You reach At this firmware, and other troubleshooting information, and technical through You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the U.S., purchase www.epsonstore.com. purchase www.epson.ca or To stand-alone or should include the below: OS or or higher (G5 recommended) At least 1GB of RAM At least 60MB of free to the software, and least 2GB of (8GB or recommended) or CD-ROM or DVD the software USB USB and shielded USB AB from to to IEEE shielded IEEE to the optional Ethernet and Introduction
March PM Introduction To or network should include the below: IBM PC with IV or higher recommended or XP TX Ethernet PC At least 1GB of RAM At least 100MB of free to the software, and least 2GB of (8GB or recommended) CD-ROM or DVD the software USB Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB from to to IEEE shielded IEEE to the optional Ethernet interface and
March PM Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively. The about (without or and should the enough around as shown below. You the sheets of heavy or the that than this This properly or to and humidity. this from sunlight, light, or heat to and this from areas. this where the easily If least only the type of indicated the the that with this of another fire or shock. Introduction
March PM Introduction the off the button. this POWER OFF appears the LCD the or off the to the the off. This that the head capped. This with this only. with other fire or shock. or cord. If with this the rating of the the cords Also, the rating of the the or cover the this hand this or the the head hand; otherwise this through the to this to service this yourself. the from the the and servicing to service the following The or this this or the this normally or performance.
March PM (that previously) with too force. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the cool, If off with and If them immediately with the the the within months of the or to them. This the head. the supply or its surrounding and the IC the of the Doing and Introduction
March PM Introduction
March PM Chapter the WARNING: The about pounds, and should The includes the to The includes Black If to the Black purchased This chapter includes the following information: and Connecting to Connecting to the the software firmware Unpacking these (includes Black (attached to Black IEEE
March PM the To the screws back the the and the and to the the screws and the the screws and to the Unlock the head the to the and the
March PM The If to Black separately; the Black immediately instead of the Black and the to the AC the back of the the other of the properly grounded the the the front of the the that with the process, to one-third of the each to used. Press the to the the
March PM the Press both covers to them. both each from its and the
March PM Charging about off the release the or the cover while the light flashing, or the the the each with the arrow the then its each the the The charging the and the light flashes. appear the LCD, follow the instructions to or the READY appears the LCD charging Press the as indicated and the covers. the
March PM the Connecting to You USB or the and shielded or USB (included) that both the and the off. the interface the the the other of the the USB
March PM You the from the or the and the You to the when the Connecting to the Network If to the to the optional The Ethernet C12C824052). You purchase the and other optional and and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the U.S., purchase www.epsonstore.com. purchase www.epson.ca or the the To to RJ-45 straight-through To directly to interface, RJ-45 the the included with the instructions. Then follow these to the Turn off and IMPORTANT: the from its Not to the and the interface from the cross-head screwdriver to the screws the optional interface cover. Then off the cover as shown: the screws to the and the cover. the
March PM the You of the www.support.epson.com. the the the to the the internal the screws included with the to of the to the Then the other to Ethernet or the cord. Once the connected to to Turn the and the the back of the Ethernet the of sheets. the that with the instructions the Software Follow the below to the software Turn and the software CD-ROM. If necessary, the CD-ROM to its
March PM You the Double-click the Double-click and and follow the on-screen instructions to software. and follow the instructions to the EPSON LFP Remote Double-click Additional Profiles to the Double-click Reference and while the the
March PM the of the following: If finished software, If the optional and follow the instructions. You to network the the software CD-ROM and follow the instructions below OS or OS the OS the Apple Preferences then the Utility. to Applications Utility. Click to
March PM If to the the this If the More and the interface. Click the You the Browser: while the and the becomes Then the button. appears the the to to firmware, necessary. the
March PM the the OS the Applications then the and the If this, then to Click the the top of the
March PM If to the the the and Info and Apply Changes the and the usingeither EPSON USB EPSON or EPSON TCP/IP The appears the Click then You the the this to to firmware, necessary. the
March PM the the Software turned off. Turn the software CD-ROM The automatically. If or Then CD-ROM Double-click and
March PM to the the connected; that and completed successfully, OK The EPSON LFP Remote Double-click Additional Profiles to the Double-click Reference and while the of the following: If finished software, If the optional Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. You to the then the CD-ROM. to the section to the firmware, necessary. the
March PM the Although the this section the the information using the LFP Remote to the should of the and necessary. Downloading the to Choose Click and Downloads to the firmware. Choose the or and follow the instructions the then with the instructions below to the firmware. the Double-click the to Double-click the EPSON LFP Remote You the LFP Remote
March PM selected, then the button. You the its LCD to Ready and to then choose the Click and the firmware that and extracted. Select the and Choose the
March PM the Dont turn off the while the If the firmware of the to the firmware process. (If the to the the LFP Remote and the To the installation, to cut-sheet and the head, as
March PM Chapter and Other You purchase and other or options from the Graphics or authorized The of including and sheets to You heavy such as to thick, the straight-through path. This chapter includes the following information: Selecting sheet Loading manually the Selecting You of coated, and other optional high-tension such as UltraSmooth TM and Textured The to the tightly wound. the Graphics or authorized The following shows the Supported sheets to to to Thickness to to to to of the purchasing or or other to and instructions.
March PM and Other Follow these as as those included when and other touching the with the or choose the software OS X) or instructions. the or both the software and the OS X) or instructions selecting the software. its and cool, to where they to high humidity, or sunlight. You of and other The from inches to inches. Follow these You the when from the and its If to to the first the and then to the that the 22-inch If art or other thick to manually, as
March PM Paths to the feeding of the as below: Quality Proofing Enhanced White Top Quality Proofing Enhanced White and Other
March PM and Other feed UltraSmooth Textured Enhanced Loading the You to of the The following and of type (inches) Quality Enhanced White Loading capacity
March PM Follow these to the the then the Source the appears the LCD the and cover. the cover. and Other
March PM and Other the and the the to the Clean the of the to through of then to the
March PM to sheets, first the and then to the that the sheets with the the first). the the back the and to the right the of fits the arrow the the and of the and Other
March PM and Other If the and the of the the the of
March PM the the the cover and its length. the cover to and Other
March PM and Other the If to art or other to to thick, to the feed This straight-through path. to allow enough the the when the the turned then the Source the appears the LCD Release the the top cover.
March PM the the the feed the of the with the the cover, as shown below. sheets, the right of the with the arrow the right and the leading with the OTHERS Then the top cover. and Other
March PM and Other the to the The the the and cover to the as of the the
March PM the Top You the top such as You this other of as the turned then the Source the sheet appears the LCD the with the right of the and the straight. The the the and cover to the as of the the and Other
March PM and Other 2-inch than the head to the of the to curling. This the scratch the of the and the torn the If head or when this type of recommends 3-inch or To wasting thick chose then off the the You with or 3-inch to inches Manually switching from to another process. the Graphics or authorized to follow the as as these its the and To feeding the appear the LCD Press the Source the or appears the LCD Choose the to each printed. Choose or other heavy that too thick the of recommended. choose this to of and them together The following (and other with the built-in art (including Textured and UltraSmooth TM Water board Backlight Heavyweight Proofing Release the to the suction The the and
March PM The both 2-inch and 3-inch To switch touching the of the as as from If heavy to increase the suction the lightweight the suction the button. Loading the the Follow these to the to the the off the of the the the as shown, then the the back the and the of the the of the and Other
March PM and Other To feeding when the the Follow these to the the the cover. the the as shown. (The of the the right.) the turned then the Source the or appears the LCD
March PM Release the both of the and the and Other
March PM and Other the the through the to the of the the of the the the with the to the arrow.
March PM The of the and software and/or operating the to the The the the the top of the the cover. To or creasing the from the and when and Other
March PM and Other with 2-inch this to If when using 2-inch switch to with 3-inch from the If to the from the follow these the cover. If the the back to the released then the the and from the the upright, with the the and the the top. the off the top of the the from the Switching 2-Inch and 3-Inch You the to with 2-inch or 3-inch the Follow these to the using 3-inch the from the of the the arrow as shown below and of the the Press the other the
March PM To the the four Press to release Cutting Manually with the the to the manually the finished. You the of art or other heavy should or rather than the built-in of that with the built-in Follow these to manually with the built-in Source the the If the correctly, the or to match the the with the the of the head. Press the the the LCD. Press and the seconds. The and Other
March PM and Other You the right of or the right and using Follow these Press the appears the Press the to the and PLATEN GAP Press the to PAGE LINE Press the OFF as the Press the that ON appears. Press the to the appears to ON Press the to the You from software. instructions, OS X) or the Thick or Thin thick or thin to the Normally, the STANDARD allows the to automatically. satisfactory when thin or thick to this Follow these Press the appears the Press the to the and PLATEN GAP Press the STANDARD as the
March PM To the the Narrow when heavy Its to the and buttons to the STANDARD the choose NARROW WIDE WIDER or WIDEST Press the to the appears to the selected Press the to the If selected the or appears the of the to of the or switch to the back to STANDARD. If to to the following section information. the choose type software, the the to the or the the below. If thick or thin to the should that first You or of each type to types) and the whenever and Other
March PM and Other Creating To type, the to the Then follow these Press the then the CUSTOM PAPER appears the Press the to PAPER NUMBER Press the then the to to Press the to the Press the then the to PLATEN GAP Press then the to NARROW, the STANDARD, WIDE, or WIDER The STANDARD recommended types. Press the then the to THICKNESS PAT Press the to the thickness The to the following: the the Choose the with the the shown the the the THICKNESS NUM displayed. Press the to the that noted Press the to the selected Press the button, then the the options shown below. as and the to each You the software. instructions, OS X) or
March PM CUT METHOD the thinner or the thick You to to the PPR FEED ADJUSTMENT Choose white or higher EJECT ROLLER TYPE the with You to to the DRYING TIME with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the SUCTION the suction when thin such as or backlight M/W ADJ the of the MicroWeave This lowers the Selecting Once created whenever that then the to Press the CUSTOM PAPER Press the Press the to PAPER NUMBER then the Press the to the that to If STANDARD the the If from to the the Press the The selected displayed the LCD. Press the to the and Other
March PM and Other
March PM Chapter with the Graphics updated and that become with and that and ICC ColorSync included, features Photoshop or other or the Photoshop the and photographic from the and white photography the offers Advanced Black and White You the and software, or them created to located the operating the the to the right This chapter includes the following information OS X: Choosing and Choosing basic Choosing advanced including and Choosing options Creating and Checking
March PM with the to the If information about the If theyre turned off Choosing the and from the CD-ROM. You to and the the Utility. instructions and the options choose from options sheets or You the of and the creating recommended to the of the to and You this the Format and the following than Margins the top and of the sheets. only. Select
March PM Click the and choose and of the The with than the top and Expand) and to to the of the (without the You to slightly than the to without reduces the only). of without them, with Expand) without and to to the of the This selection recommended with of the You to slightly than the width to without of without them. with the with Select the then choose the
March PM with To that the the the top and the Click the If cut-sheets, the of the the Then with If recommends that to the of Click the the top of the and Custom You this Click New Untitled and its and Then OK Select from the showing. Choose the and Click OK Then with the instructions the section to Click New to
March PM Choosing Once selected to options. The offers that and when You choose and options, as You the shown below: Choose from the Select from the with
March PM with the or authorized other that You this Select the that to the If color-managed choose type and that match the ICC The or selected 17-inch sheets. Choose without the when sheets. Water choose the White If listed, the instructions included with the or the If using choose the You to with to which the
March PM the type of photographic Choose Advanced B&W and white this types. that this option, and white with the Black only or other non-photographic the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of You choose of the shown the The EPSON and tones this and tones that from the when this option selected. The Charts and and the and highlights of this graphics, such as charts and The EPSON increases the this photographs. The RGB matches to the RGB Click Custom to choose of the shown the The Advanced Advanced or the highest The ColorSync based the ICC the applying rather than the Click Advanced to as below. with
March PM with The Quality the selected. Choose or SuperPhoto quality. Choose of the following Quality Normal SuperPhoto Choose of the following: High fast, bidirectional higher quality, this option. vector-based including graphics, and art. of with backlight with the instructions the section to If the Photoshop or another to off the as
March PM Choosing and Follow these instructions to the If necessary, the using the as Select from the You this Select of the following to choose from four and from three Click the arrow to Advanced to specify brightness, and CMY ColorSync to applying rather than the If choose this choose ColorSync from the and choose or other with
March PM with You to the created to and to the Choose this when color-managed Photoshop or other software If and to its performance, from the You this Select the to match ICC These using the the when off software). Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the reduce Choose white or higher
March PM Thickness reduce and when thick or thin Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD or backlight the thinner or the thick You to to the the thicknesses. the You to to the Choosing If choose of the options the as to these options. Select Option from the shown below. You this with
March PM with These through the Choose of the following Normal allows the top and of each the the and each individually. This the the to and With of the or Choose this to the manually, without or heavy that hand. instructions the to the of that with the built-in Select of the following options: the right and of feeding the of the of when selected as the Source.
March PM or and as the and right to the and the length. should inch to the of The the with this to the of the If the should slightly than the of the The following shows recommended inches) using the Expand or Recommended inches) (with Expand) Non-Epson the to when with (with Custom only)
March PM with If the each the through them from top to through them repeatedly, or and the without or Creating Custom Preset and Once the This when the Select Summary from the that correct, from the You the following: and OK ready to the instructions
March PM If from Photoshop, turn off when Advanced Black and White There associated with this screening and Choosing Advanced Black and White The Advanced Black and White allows to easily and toned black-and-white and offers and white Advanced Black and White and white Whether or this and to black-and-white This when types. Select from the You this Choose the the the Choose Advanced B&W the High the with
March PM with Select from the You this Choose the that photo. You the photo the as Allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool, Warm, and that the the found the Tone Tone Allows to easily the tonal of and white While the choose Brightness the and of the the light and of
March PM and Highlight Tonality to tonality the or highlight of the or of the the to lower. Highlight If to Highlight to reduce to the highlights of Tone Circle Click of this wheel or to the tone to to and white The to the of the wheel, the to and white the tone based Please this of the and managed. It to to of feedback as Print, the of the Utility/Print Follow these Click the or the If necessary, (and You this: with
March PM with From the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If listed, then the Priority arrow as to the finished, the then or the Checking and The EPSON the of the and the of the You from this to instructions. Double-click the Applications Double-click EPSON
March PM Select and OK You the Click the with
March PM with The software the amount of the and and displays the To the the To the OK
March PM Chapter with the Graphics updated and that become with and that and ICC included, the Photoshop or other or the Photoshop the and photographic from the and white photography the offers Advanced Black and White You the and software, or them created to located the operating the the to the right This chapter includes the following information: Choosing options Choosing and options Choosing options
March PM with If information about options, the Choosing to the and from the CD-ROM. The offers that and when You choose advanced and options, as Follow these to the to and You the selected, then the or instead. Then the You the following: This shows the cant them from
March PM the or authorized other that Select that to the If using color-managed choose type and that match the ICC The or selected 17-inch Choose without the when sheets. Water choose the White If listed, the instructions included with the or the If choose the You to with to which the the type of photographic Choose Advanced B&W and white types. that this option, and white with the Select Black or other non-photographic the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of You choose of the shown the The Charts and and the and highlights non-photographic The EPSON and tones this and tones that displayed from the when this option selected. The Charts and and the and highlights of this graphics, such as charts and with
March PM with the to the The EPSON increases the this photographs. The RGB matches to the RGB Click Custom to choose of the shown the The Advanced Advanced or the highest The PhotoEnhance TM allows to and other to or choose tone and Click the Advanced to off the or as finished choosing options, the and follow the instructions below choosing and options Choosing and You of and Follow the instructions below to or the instructions
March PM Choosing On the the You this Select the or from the Source information about If to to the of the that to the and right of the sheets; the top and of the as Choose or to to the of the the You to slightly than the to without Select the the with
March PM with the to the the and the than the top and reduces the the the of the If to reduce or or both of the the Reference information about OK Choosing Follow these to and and On the the You this Select or from the Source
March PM Creating the of The allows to of without them. This option with applications. If to without that than information about Click Choose Expand or then OK Expand to to the of the You the to the Choose the least amount of (with chance that there around the or the amount of of the off around the to the of the the specify You to slightly than the to without Choose of the following cutting. Choose this to the manually, without or heavy that hand. instructions operating the manually. the to and With of the previous or Normal allows the top and of each the and each individually. This the Select the of as the with
March PM with Select when to To the of creating recommended. Select You this then the of inch (or and then OK If with the following options: shorter than the of the The rotated and crosswise. to and the of the right and of feeding the of the of only selected as the Source. the and If to reduce or the information OK
March PM or and as the and right to the width and the length. should inch to the of The the with this or the to the of the The following inches) using the or Recommended inches) width (with Expand) Non-Epson with (with Custom
March PM with Choosing You instructions or Reference On the the You this Click Reduce/Enlarge to the You to or Custom and If the of The increase the to and the to within the the of the and the reduced the
March PM Choosing Advanced The advanced If Photoshop or another to the and off the as Follow through Click Custom and then Advanced You the following: If necessary, and with These options the of the
March PM with The Quality the selected. Choose or SuperPhoto If off the density, as Choose of the following Quality Normal SuperPhoto Choose of the following: High fast, bidirectional of with backlight when graphics, and art. Edge Smoothing to the of low-resolution Choose of the following brightness, and CMY or choose from the three You choose from three which the and PhotoEnhance allows to and other to or choose tone and the Choose this when Photoshop or other software. ICM based the ICC using the and the applying rather than the If and to its performance, the
March PM You to the created to and You the following: Select the to match ICC These the the when turn off software). Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to reduce Choose white or higher Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD or backlight Thickness reduce and when thick or thin with
March PM with the thinner and the thick You to to the the thicknesses. the with You to to the Click to advanced Then type the of and The to of finished options, OK Choosing Advanced Black and White The Advanced Black and White allows to easily and toned black-and-white and offers and white Advanced Black and White advanced and white Whether or this and to black-and-white This when types.
March PM On the Choose the the the Choose Advanced B&W the Click Custom then Advanced You this with
March PM with You the following Allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool, Warm, and that the the found the Tone to easily the tonal of and white While the choose Brightness the and of the the light and of and Highlight Tonality Allows to tonality the or highlight of the or of the the to lower. Highlight If to Highlight to reduce to the highlights of Tone Circle Click of this wheel or to the tone to to and white The to the of the wheel, the to and white the tone based Please this of the and It to to of feedback as
March PM with that and or them. The each which appears the when the and the the appears: You the buttons to or You and If the to appear, off. instructions. with Click to Click to appear network Click the displayed
March PM with If to of the the to Preferences and You choose when and to of whether to appear and whether to allow other who the You the and to of the following: XP: Click and and Right-click and Preferences Click to then Right-click and or Preferences Click the then the You the
March PM Select from the following High of of the as cache. If to to. whether or the displayed when RAW using the RAW instead of the EMF the RAW and such as memory or the this or the head while to Coarse allows to the or (such as Photoshop) that the of as allows or graphics to or other based with
March PM with Click the Preferences You the Preferences Select the options to If to the appear the Shortcut Then the to the shortcut, the to the or right-click then Preferences the Select Allow of shared and to other users Click OK to Click OK to the and to the Then OK to the
March PM Chapter and Transporting the The to its This chapter the following procedures: Checking and Checking and cleaning the head the head the the the Cleaning the or the Uninstalling and software the optional to the features this chapter, the SelecType the to of information, the Reference included the CD-ROM that with
March PM and Transporting the To the instructions You the and yourself. Other to authorized service technician. Checking and the SelecType the amount of the of and the of and other You or the the LCD Information The shows of the the amount of each the count, and the of Follow these to the the Press the You PRINTER SETUP Press the TEST PRINT then You NOZZLE CHECK Press STATUS CHECK then You PRINT Press to The amount of or the indicated as follows: E*****F or service E**** E*** E** E* than or service
March PM information based the Information To information instead of follow these Press the You PRINTER SETUP Press the PRINTER STATUS then You VERSION of the following: To the firmware the To the of that with each PRINTABLE PG then the This option the the instructions. To the amount of INK LEFT then The of the first MK or displayed, the E*****F to the of the the To of the used, MAINT TANK then The of the displayed, using the E*****F the To the amount of and USAGE COUNT then Clear this with the USE COUNT CLR option. You the of from to inches and the the instructions. and Transporting the
March PM and Transporting the You cleaning holding the three seconds. You the to cleaning To history, JOB HISTORY then the the the and The as the Clear this with the JOB HIST CLR option. To the of TOTAL PRINTS then the To the of other SERVICE LIFE then The of the displayed, the E*****F below. to the of the head, and cleaning The of the and indicated with these E*****F or service E**** E*** E** E* than or service Press the to the information about the Reference Checking and Cleaning the Head If shows or should the head to clogged. You the head and the Cleaning the software. This the to and cleaning necessary. the of the following to the
March PM OS the Applications Select and OK XP Click and Double-click and Right-click and Preferences Click the Click to then Right-click and Preferences Click the You the following: Click the Click to the and Transporting the
March PM and Transporting the Dont cleaning while thick the the to or If the as shown below, Click If as shown below, Clean to the head and follow the on-screen instructions. If the clear cleaning Cleaning as the section. Cleaning You cleaning from the the cleaning to clear the However, the of recommended as The to least to cleaning. You to to the cleaning cleaning, the to the head cleaning, as the ready and the light the LCD or flashing. Press the Press the MAINTENANCE then Press the PWR CLEANING then Press to the cleaning. Follow the instructions the LCD to or the
March PM You least to the To properly the head, Enhanced or cleaning finished and the light flashing, the to that the head clean. effective cleaning, If the cleaning the off and it overnight, then clean the head the following morning with cleaning If the Head the head the thing to the quality. If appears they or or or to the head. Although the head the software, to from the This the thorough the shortest and If already to the head This that the head correctly. Follow these to the head using the the turned Then Enhanced or the that with the Press the Press the HEAD ALIGNMENT then You PAPER THKNS Press the that *STD appears the This the thickness including Enhanced Press the to the then the to PAPER THKNS Press the to ALIGNMENT and Transporting the
March PM and Transporting the Press the to AUTO then the You UNI-D This the type of to with. Press the button to the process. It about to the head The white reads the and the automatically. the top or off the this process. the finished, the BI-D 2-COLOR Then the to the process, which completely and about the finished, the BI-D ALL Then the to the process. this completely and about the to the head If to or the process, head Reference instructions.
March PM You to months. Cartridges should If of the the and then the without of quality. However, to The to from the Black/Photo Black the light flashing (and INK LOW the LCD the indicated of the light and INK OUT displayed, the empty. You the You of and Its to of to the and Transporting the Light Light Black Light Light Black Light
March PM and Transporting the You the Other and covered warranty. the the ready to To reporting the with the turned off. the following UltraChromeK3 Cartridge Black T543800 T544800 Black T564100 T565100 T564200 T565200 T564300 T565300 T564400 T565400 Light T564500 T565500 Light T564600 T565600 Light Black T564700 T565700 Light Light Black T564900 T565900 using these the You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the U.S., purchase www.epsonstore.com. purchase www.epson.ca or the Then follow these to the of the whose light or flashing. This the to Press the cover to
March PM WARNING the or If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the to the the from the first of them the necessary. the the and from its and the
March PM and Transporting the If cant the smoothly, the the and If the light the the the with the arrow the Then the the Dont force the to its
March PM and often than necessary. Doing the and allow to the causing To interruption, the following off the the top cover, the cover, the to the released the the or the cord. If this operation, the You the If the cover. If to the Once the the to its READY the Black Cartridge You the from Black to Black or You to the Black Conversion (included with and or that to to). The Black photographic types. It photographic and jet-coated such as The Black photographic or such as Enhanced and Generally, should switch to of the Since to switch and shouldnt switch often than necessary. the to that of the enough and the
March PM and Transporting the If REPLACE CNVRSION CRTG appears, the the cartridge(s) from the and then the cartridge(s). to to If MNT TNK FULL appears the LCD, to the the that READY appears the LCD Press the Press the MAINTENANCE and then the Press the BK INK CHANGE and then the Press the RAISE THE RIGHT INK LEVER appears the LCD, the the right RAISE THE LEFT INK LEVER appears the LCD, the the REMOVE INK CRTG appears, four from the INSTALL CNVRSION CRTG appears, the three the the LOWER THE LEFT INK LEVER appears the LCD, the the The and DRAINING XX% appears the LCD.
March PM charging of to the the New Black Cartridge RAISE THE LEFT INK LEVER appears the LCD. the the REMOVE CNVRSION CRTG appears, the from the the INSERT INK CRTG appears, the their specified LOWER BOTH INK LEVERS appears, the the right and RAISE BOTH INK LEVERS appears, the the right and The charging while, appear the LCD. appears the LCD, or the accordingly READY appears the LCD. charging of to the READY appears the LCD, charging If the covers. If the covers. and Transporting the
March PM and Transporting the the Information the operation, the information using the below. OS the Applications Select and OK Click the EPSON and the Black option shown. If Click the and that the displayed. If the information manually clicking the and then the and Option Information Performing Additional to cleaning and the the to the and You the to and the and Follow these to the and Press the Press the MAINTENANCE then Press the CLOCK SETTINGS then the or buttons to each item the and the following MM/DD/YY HH:MM
March PM the The allows to and that occasionally. You the to the following: the or of the the counter the the cleaning of the to their Follow these to the the turned off. Press and the then the the and displays HEX DUMP the LCD Press the or to the below. If to back to the previous the To of the the to EXEC Then to the the and ASCII characters the right Press the to the To the the LCD the LANGUAGE then the Press the the then to The and to operation. To the PAPER Press the to COUNTER then the option, then the and the
March PM and the You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the U.S., purchase www.epsonstore.com. purchase www.epson.ca or To the of the UNIT then the Press the to switch from METER to FEET/INCH then to the Press the when To the the CUT PRESSURE then the to Press the to the or the to increase Press to the To cleaning the SSCL then the to EXEC Press to the cleaning To to their the DEFAULT PANEL then the the to EXEC. Press to the To the turn off the the Press the to the the operating the If that isnt cleanly, the to replaced. If the to heavy the and to of that with the You the of the sheet or its the instructions. You from C12C815291). the then follow these to the Press the Press the CUTTER REPLACE Press to EXEC
March PM to the hand, or the Press The head to the OPEN TOP COVER displayed. the top cover. REPLACE CUTTER the LCD, the as shown and the to the right. and Transporting the
March PM and Transporting the WARNING: The when Release the and the the as shown. the while turning the to the
March PM You purchase items from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the U.S., purchase www.epsonstore.com. (U.S. only). purchase www.epson.ca or the top cover when prompting to The to the the The that flushed from the and head cleaning. the the MNT TK NEAR FULL appears the LCD the completely the and MNT TNK FULL appears the LCD. You the its the shown below. You its the SelecType or from C12C890191). Follow these to the the or other operations READY or PAPER OUT should appear the If using the four from the right then the cover. and Transporting the (showing
March PM and Transporting the to from the when upright and of the right and the the the included with the the If them the
March PM to the the To the as as the or thinners to the to the or Dont or Dont the of the with the think the WARNING: The about (without and should Cleaning the To its should the off and its lights off. Then the and the from the and the from the to the If the with with lint-free cloth with If the outer dirty, clean it with cloth with the closed to from Transporting or the If the the the and least people the To the using the and and to If these items, to them. the If includes the EpsonNet the repairs. instructions. and Transporting the
March PM and the To and the the the and the head. the Shipment Turn the and the following or other If the them If them and To partially from the the and each resealable to the the The when or the
March PM off the or turning off You to the head, and of the the release the head the the head the right) Then the head the to the right. If the and screw back Turn off the and the cord. If to the it the and and to If these items, to them. the If the own vehicle without the and the securely. the the while the Transportation the to the first as that the first the the head cloggedespecially the hasnt turned You to cleaning and the head to quality. and Transporting the
March PM and Transporting the the Graphics updated and that become If the PERFORM POWER CLEANING? the LCD the to the cleaning process, as Uninstalling and the If to and then the software reason, follow the instructions the section below. the Applications then the Double-click and then If to software, Then follow the instructions to the software. On XP, then On the Double-click Click Software the then Click the Change/Remove or and follow the on-screen instructions. If to software, Then follow the instructions to the software.
March PM WARNING: The allow the to cool the Optional Card If to or the Ethernet Turn off the and the cord. Disconnect the Ethernet the screws the the cool of the and Transporting the
March PM and Transporting the
March PM Chapter The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: Checking and lights including clearing The includes of to To the the and lights the through information. If the and software or information. To whether the caused the the from and from the instructions. If of the this chapter as Where To
March PM Checking and Lights The includes lights and LCD to the of the LCD light arrow or and light light
March PM Light Explanation CHANGE PAPER light TYPE match the selected. COMMAND using the ERROR DRIVER INK SET SETTING IS WRONG MISMATCH ERROR These FEED SHEET PAPER FEED SHEET PAPER MANUALLY FORBIDDEN MEDIA FROM P. TRAY light INK LOW cartridge(s) flashing nearly light INK OUT cartridge(s) the cartridge(s) indicated the LCD instructions. or or appears the LCD and the lights the or flash. The following the alphabetical and includes and instructions correcting the to the or the incorrect command. The the The option match what selected the Non-Epson to the the feed manually. instructions. to the the manually. instructions. Press the Source to the the or or Press the and seconds to the the Press the and seconds to the Stop and the seconds. Then that the the Stop and then and the seconds. the option the If to the Press the seconds to If to the
March PM Light Explanation light INVALID INK You to the If the first CRTG the that with LOAD PAPER light the released while LOAD ROLL PAPER LOAD SHEET PAPER IN P. TRAY LOWER INK LEVERS LOWER (or R) INK LVR MNT REQ. the and as to MNT TK NEAR The FULL light MNT TNK FULL The the instructions. NO BORDERLESS WITH THIS SIZE RELOAD PAPER These light NO INK CRTG cartridge(s) or NO MNT TNK The the instructions. NOT STRAIGHT light the correctly. RELOAD straight. light from One or both the or to the selected sheets If the and You the Other the the to the the right and the the the and the the or or the
March PM Light Explanation NOZZLES STILL Head cleaning the head cleaning If the CLOGGED clear the clogged, OPTION I/F interface Turn off the and the ERROR the that with the PAPER NOT CUT light flashing correctly. PAPER NOT light and STRAIGHT flashing the PAPER OUT light loaded. REAR COVER The cover the cover. OPEN RELEASE LEVER REMOVE PAPER JAM RELOAD PAPER light RELOAD PAPER light Manually INSERT DEEPLY enough. REMOVE PAPER light too thick head cleaning. REPLACE The CNVRSION CRTG to replaced. The or incorrectly light the flashing the information. PAPER NOT CUT cleared. the the top cover and the necessary. or the necessary, as the straight. or the and If the appears the the seconds. Then and the If sheets, the the the further the instructions. the to the Head cleaning cleaning, the the with the of the the
March PM Light Explanation SERVICE REQ. lights The head flashing locked. SET INK CRTG and the If the the SET PAPER light LEVER released the or another operation. TOP COVER Top cover the top cover. OPEN UNABLE TO You to while PRINT light WRONG INK You to the If the first CRTG the that with WRONG PAPER light Loaded the selected the SIZE flashing match the matches the the necessary. occurred. the to the head. the then the off and back If the as the the to the from the Press the to the SelecType If the appears clear the If the and You the Other
March PM the and light to necessary, as Quality You often the following: and cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. options correctly. information, Chapter or Chapter If of these the below. and cleaning instructions. the head from the as Turn off High Advanced the the software the If sheet the the Choose higher such as SuperPhoto If third-party RIP and the RIP the feed. OS or these the Thickness the If thin thats with reduce the Suction the to the white and increase If created to the to STD when
March PM or or Colors incorrect or the the software the the and light to necessary, as and cleaning instructions. the head, as the the software the If using the the Choose higher such as Turn off High Advanced You to OS or these Thickness the If created to the to STD when If the features Photoshop or another off the OS X) or the the If using third-party RIP or the reproduction. If the the and cleaning the each of the If the too as the and light, and supply as or software correct.
March PM or the each of the If the appears too as appears the the software the or smeared. the the software the and cleaning the and light and supply as The thickness the software OS or to choose the with to the to STD The too the to the to STANDARD or to NARROW thin instructions. If to the thickness or density. software OS or to choose the with to the to STD the or wasnt humidity-free If the the the path. the of the with cloth. cleaning instructions. Turn off High Advanced The too the to the to WIDE or WIDER instructions. and cleaning
March PM The of The the the or the smeared. other the software the If to the thickness or software OS or to choose the with to the to STD If thick the incorrect. the to the to WIDE or WIDER. instructions. If cant turn the unexpectedly, or nothing the following: The turned the The securely thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and The the outlet matches the the rating If off the and the immediately. If of these the the following
March PM The unexpectedly. The sounds as nothing Nothing Turn off the and the interface securely Then the and incorrect or software correctly and the selected. characters. If the light flashing, the or to the and lights the the light flashing. the and lights the to occurred. Follow the instructions the Follow the instructions to the head. Communication the and interrupted. restarting the and the interface the specifications. or The match the XP: Click and Other and Right-click the then Click the and selected. Click Right-click the then Click the and selected. Follow the instructions to software. Then software CD-ROM and the software. You and the or from the If what expected, the below: Clear from the or OS X). Turn off the and the interface securely both
March PM incorrect the or they within the inverted. Turn off the software. OS X) or instructions. printed. software correctly and the selected. the head as appears to selected software. only. The to The Follow the instructions to the the and software the incorrectly. Follow the instructions to the The PAPER MARGIN the PRINTER SETUP incorrect. If the PAPER MARGIN the on-screen Reference information. the software the the Source software correct. Press the the to clear the Then and the to the The too thick to with the built-in the with of that with the appears the LCD If the Source to this
March PM too Turn High Advanced Choose software Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. RAM to to to the IEEE or USB If or frequently, or of the following the suction information. You this through heavy or thick follow the instructions to the correctly. the or the within the and the too thick or too thin. and to specifications. the the isnt located brightly The correctly. the and Source the software correct. the the or information.
March PM To the the while the light flashing. If to the thickness and If tightly, as the Clearing the and PAPER JAM the LCD Follow these to clear Turn off the the cover, and release the C
March PM If necessary, the top cover and the to the head when the the the insertion and the the from the front or back of the
March PM the light and LOAD PAPER displayed the LCD Then Clearing If while feeding from the follow these to clear Turn off the and release the the
March PM the If the the top cover and If around the cover, the cover the and the cover off the
March PM Then the the rear cover. Then and the to the Clearing from the If the front or rear feed follow these to clear Turn off the and release the
March PM the the If cant reach the from the front, from the back of the Press and the to the
March PM
March PM A: Specifications to to C) (without to Rated to to Rated or (ISO or or off the the back of information. With and Without and Height inches inches inches inches inches inches to to C) to RH to RH operation, should and RH to to C) month F) to RH
March PM Specifications with and Interfaces USB and IEEE-1394 optional internal Ethernet TX). UL CSA EMC FCC B, B, CSA C108.8 inches to 2-inch to 3-inch to to both and 3-inch inches (2-inch or inches (3-inch A-150
March PM inches A4 inches) inches) B4 (JB4) inches) inches inches) A3 inches) US inches) A3/B inches) B3 (JB3) inches) inches inches) A2 inches) US C inches) to Since the of or type of the to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and or other If switch to higher of curled, or Printable inches top and and inches right and the the to or inch top, right, and and inch The allows edge-to-edge A-151 Specifications
March PM Specifications Cartridges Cartridge years from within months F C) to F to C); month F to F to C); month F Capacity or Approximately Approximately A-152