rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when using While countries copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright UltraChrome, and UltraChrome and UltraChrome K3 and of Corporation. RPM, and UltraSmooth PhotoEnhance and PhotoCenter and service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-19428R3 Copyright Notice
R2400 of and from these advanced features: individually to inch). pigment-based, UltraChrome K3 and Light Black, Light Light and Black or Black and tonal and white photographs. Advanced options tonalities (such as cool, and and thick and specialty to inches. including and others. allows of or and head cleaning and and and easily. USB and (IEEE To the highest USB USB connected to the with USB TM
About The (Exchangeable includes information about JPEG/TIFF and them to information such as flash, and and the JPEG/TIFF the information to the reproduction. About Software CD-ROM includes the software the instructions. and You cant without Its to free to Download instructions software includes these EasyPrint with to R2400 and easy. ICC Profiles with Photoshop and other to types. You PhotoCenter free photo-sharing where and high-resolution straight from the and postcards. software to PhotoCenter SM
About To and its software, the This instructions Loading of with or OS the Troubleshooting At the of the the information, and the warranty. Please follow these throughout: to to to Notes information about hints about instructions and specifications, Reference as the section.
the Reference Follow the instructions the to the on-screen Reference already. You browsersuch as Microsoft or or Firefox or or or laterto the If using the correctly. Double-click the SPR2400 Reference Click topic the to the of Click the topic to If theres right arrow to then topic. If theres arrow to Closed to Click to to topic If graphic when Reference the button to the graphic.
Loading You of as these Where to Quality Heavyweight* Double-sided* Double-sided Enhanced Bright White Bright White Quality UltraSmooth TM Scrapbook White sheet
including Water and Thick or thickness) This the when sheets than without instructions. Loading the the and the the of the The and Loading
the the and the right of the the following as the first, landscape-oriented the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the the to lightly the The slightly and the Loading
Loading the You these the as follows: type Loading Heavyweight* Double-sided* Double-sided Enhanced Quality A3 or Bright White sheets Bright White Quality This the when than without instructions. the instructions. the and to curling. Loading sheets A3 or
Loading of If of the following than inches), the to the top of the sheet to the of and Enhanced Heavyweight the and its Loading
the the back of the the and the top with while the the as the sheet when other of Loading
Loading the these of the White UltraSmooth Scrapbook the the the to the right. Loading
the notches the sheet with the the back of the and them as shown. Then the the top of the the beneath the cover. Turn the (the to the correctly). of the right then the the Loading
the the and the the the the slightly. to apply light the feeding, then of the to allow the to the Loading
the cover and the to the correctly. It should straight and the leading of the should correctly If If the isnt correctly, the seconds to back the the then the to clear the the as the Source or as the within the software or Loading
Loading or You 4-inch, 8.3-inch, or 13-inch or 8.3-inch or with or without Instructions apply to both and otherwise noted. Its to and If to with loaded, should the or appear Turn the and the the the top of the If the and them the the of the the they straight. lint-free, white when the to with the Loading
the the as shown, then the and protective from the of the the of the straight with corners. If the feeding the If to the straight and If the the backwards of to touching the of the with Loading
the with the with Then the other the the right. While holding the of the the the white then the right to lightly the Dont the or the the below the white Loading
the the the the the automatically. You to or thicker to the and the to smooth feeding. to while If of or or other to straight or or quality. the cover and the to the correctly. It should straight and the leading of the should If correctly If the isnt correctly, the seconds to back the the Then turn the to the Press the to clear the through to the Follow the instructions to Loading
Loading Thick the Path You to thick the front path, from inches to A3+. Since the through the from the front to the rear, there enough the the to completely through the Turn the and the the top of the the the top of the If the and them the the of the the cover. Then the front completely the front release the cover. Loading
the or three inches the and the the the while the the of the the when the front of the with the arrow the right Press the button. The the automatically. the light flashing, the to (To the thick without the as the Source or as the within the (Macintosh) software or If the to the and displays the and off the Then the Loading
From to Follow the these sections to features: With OS X Selecting the Correct To or or color-managed the from the slightly. while the The the when Whenever the right the and and UltraChrome K3 Choose the right the the type of selected, the loaded.
Follow the below to or the From the You this EPSON R2400 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or first.) Click the the to Select the type of Select Select options Select type Select Select or From to Click to software
Select of these as the Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only with Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high Select the as the Source Sheet the the top of the the the back of the the and boards the front Select the type of as the The the type of currently without types, the Select the of as the Select the which or to as the Select or other options to the PhotoEnhance TM the and of low-resolution (affects Prints to the of or its the From to
information about the or the Advanced the of the and Click OK to to the Click OK or to this appears. to or and Dont or to when This to and If or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution Selecting the You apply to the currently If the Right-click the the right of Select You the shown Select the applications, then OK You the necessary. From to Click to Click to or
Follow these to or advanced On the the Advanced the right corner. Click The to the Advanced If to the Advanced each the this first The Advanced include the options as the these: selected type, including and RPM the highest types. this High allowing back and forth the instead of From to
Edge Smoothing Prints smoother low-resolution such as the Brightness, Saturation, and and Advanced B&W and other when and white Choose with the or clicking Advanced Black and White The of the Advanced B&W the Black or the and the ICM to match with If using or ICC such as Photoshop, ICM and then the Incorrectly applying this function or excessively light or To with or ICC Photoshop, With Profiles Once finished selecting advanced Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to options. From to
Select the following as necessary: or options Select or options these to information or instructions them as them the or Click OK to to the and With OS Follow the below to or the basic the or as the From the From to Select options and the of when selected the
the Format and the and the of the loaded. Then the from the that Choose the the with around the the or the with as the with around the the with as the the sheet with as the From to Select R2400 or Choose
thick the front path, choose as the instructions, using the selected matches the and within the choose than or than length. The inches. Select the or to as the Select facing or facing right. Click OK Select from the You this: the and R2400 Select from the to Advanced Select R2400 Click and From to
You the type of as the If the type to to selected the and or that the the and and white photographs), or Advanced B&W and other when and white photographs; or Black text The of the Advanced B&W the Black or the and the Select as the the basic or instructions Advanced If the to the Quality to or higher quality, or to the information about From to Select type Select the Select Quality or
You choose these options the to the of or to options to as PDF to specify to to and other options ColorSync to through ColorSync to ColorSync with the the or off the software selected option as the size/source the to completely Thick to smearing when thick Summary to of selections Click Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution From to
To the of or the when appears the Then R2400 You this the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If listed, then the Priority arrow as to the finished, (OS and or (OS From to
Follow these to or using advanced From the Select from the to Advanced To advanced Advanced to the basic these advanced options: Quality selected type, including and RPM the highest types. this High allowing back and forth the instead of From to
the the high this information To from the Select options as follows: the Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, and and (Click the Advanced arrow to these ColorSync ColorSync to match with If using or ICC such as Photoshop, instead. off ICC such as Photoshop instead. Incorrectly applying this function or light or To with or ICC using Photoshop, With Profiles Click From to
Selecting the Correct the or what of and the coverage accordingly. which Black to or Bright White Bright White Quality Quality Enhanced Heavyweight Double-sided Double-sided Water White White UltraSmooth Scrapbook These with ICC Double-sided UltraSmooth From to
From to
to using the R2400 features, follow the instructions these below With Profiles With Photoshop Black to Advanced and White the as Then follow the the sections to and and Dont or to when This to and If finishes checking or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution
Selecting Follow the of these sections to below OS X and as necessary. the then or Preferences Select the type of as the Water choose choose choose or RPM and High off. the to the ICC If without the Select the as the If from the and the of photo. the of or inches the of the loaded. the to software. Dont PhotoEnhance when the Source choose or
Choose as the Source The Select the including whether to based the type of the below); then OK of or inches with or Click OK Click OK or Follow the to OS photo and as necessary. From the the Format and Select R2400 Select the and the
the and Then or from the that To without choose the of photo or inches the of the loaded. the to software. Click OK Select from the the and R2400 Select from the to Advanced Select R2400
Select the type of as the Water choose choose choose or RPM and High off. the to the ICC the to the Quality Choose Option from the Select the including whether to include based the type of of inches with or Click
Printed Follow these to Press the once to the the the If to another the once the to the and Follow these when to and Press the seconds. The backwards of the (If feed the this Turn the to the of the the Then the to off the light. the off the and the from the to its resealable photo or glass-covered both and from high humidity, and sunlight.
You with the the to the of the Although and without trimming, these or or Heavyweight* or Enhanced Double-sided* or Double-Sided White** UltraSmooth Scrapbook If of that than the These loaded the Dont or to when This the to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution
Follow the of these sections to below OS X and the then or Preferences Select or as the Quality Option. Choose as the Source Select the type of as the Click the as the Select or as the Click the then the Choose the least amount of (with chance that there around the or the amount of of the off around the to the of the Click OK Click OK or
OS and From the the Format and the and the the loaded. Then from the Select of the or as the Click OK Select from the the and R2400 Select R2400 Select the of the
Select from the to Advanced Select the type of as the If cant choose type, the the to selected the and or that the information). the to the Quality Choose from the then the Choose the least amount of (with chance that there around the or the amount of of the off around the to the of the Click
With Profiles Follow the this section to with Photoshop (the instructions cover Photoshop CS, CS2, and CS3). follow the instructions these sections the With below Custom Profile Creating Custom With Profile To using follow the of these below OS X Photoshop. Select Select U.S. Prepress or North America Prepress from the pull-down This RGB as the RGB and activates warning mismatches and Click OK the to
If this the (instead of the and OK It to the If this Assign RGB: RGB and OK appears, the and as If they Assign Profile Photoshop CS and or Assign Profile Photoshop CS2 and CS3). Select of the following as the Profile RGB such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 the the of choice the This effective when such as the or TM Click OK to the the the of the software and appears and This the to the and
Selecting Select the and the Select the Select or Click OK Select or with If necessary, More or More If from the Additional options appear: Photoshop CS Photoshop CS3
Photoshop CS2, Photoshop Colors CS3, Photoshop Colors Profile or the ICC that matches the the and the The ICC with the SPR2400 the or Relative If instead. This reduces the that the within the Select the Black Compensation checkbox. Color-Managed Click the selected, and the or Preferences If ICC the Quality Option to match the the the Water the type Additionally, the Black Black to Click the Advanced then Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing they
Click the ICM then Select that (N o If the apply correction to the Click OK Click OK or to IMPORTANT! Select
OS Photoshop. from the Photoshop (Photoshop or CS) or the (Photoshop CS2 or CS3). Select U.S. or North America Prepress from the pull-down This RGB as the RGB and activates mismatches and Click OK the photo to If the shown below, the (instead of the and OK It to the If the shown below, Assign RGB: RGB and OK
appears, the and as displayed If they Assign Profile Photoshop CS and or Assign Profile Photoshop CS2 and CS3). of the following as the Profile RGB such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 the the effects of choice the This effective when such as the or Click OK to the the the of the software and appears and This the to the and Selecting Select or with If this, More or More Click the to the and as necessary, then OK
Click from the Photoshop CS Photoshop CS3 Photoshop CS2, Photoshop Colors CS3, Photoshop Colors Profile or and the the If with ICC the that matches the to The ICC with the SPR2400 the or Relative If This reduces the that the within the Select the Black Compensation checkbox. Color-Managed Click the R2400 from the
Select from the to Advanced Select the the the Water the type Additionally, the Black Black to Click the Advanced If ICC the Quality to match Turn off the High Select from the Select that If the apply correction to the Click to IMPORTANT! Select
If selected the of and these If than expected and/or yellow-brown turned off both Photoshop and the to the or with instructions Photoshop OS X) or the Source option to RGB selected the the Profile If lighter than expected and/or light turned both Photoshop and the to the instructions OS X) or to the Advanced or to off Custom Profile Follow the this section to and each type to OS X, below. OS Photoshop and the profile-building software If as Select with the More then choose the
Select (Photoshop CS2 or CS3) or as Source (Photoshop CS or as the Profile Click the You this Select R2400 from the Format Select the and then OK Click the button. Select from the then from the to Advanced
Select the the Click the Advanced Select as the Quality Turn off the High Select from the Select IMPORTANT! Select Click to these to each type and Quality to with.
Photoshop and the profile-building software If as Select or with the the More then choose the pull-down Select (Photoshop CS2 or CS3) or as Source (Photoshop CS or as the Profile Click the or One button. Click the or Preferences Click the Advanced then Select the type the the
Select the or PhotoRPM Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing they Click the ICM and the Click OK Click OK or to these to each type and Quality Option to with. Creating Custom Profile If creating follow the instructions with profile-building software (such as TM or GretagMacbeth to using the printed. Once the to the as recommended Microsoft or IMPORTANT! Select ICM, then
With Photoshop If Photoshop with of the EasyPrint interface when ready to It directly from the to the or Preferences to the This one-stop conflicts software and them both match. Complete instructions using Photoshop the Started with Photoshop Follow these to and the EasyPrint interface: To the the Photoshop Select and You the and the top of the to Select from the and choose option such as From and Then the containing photo(s) and the photo(s) to If to to If ready to to To the to Choose To or To and ready to to to from If from the EasyPrint interface. To the and then
Select from the You the EasyPrint interface: as necessary. Click to If and with or Crop to Black to to the of types, the Black (T059820) or Black (T059120) the these type. Both included with Click options Select EPSON R2400 Select type Choose and Click Select other
the Black professional with the following types: Quality Enhanced Heavyweight Double-Sided White UltraSmooth Although these when the Black type with Black professional or The to with Black only. the Black professional with the following types: Water You these when the Black
the Black Cartridges the other Once the You whether the light off, flashing, or the turned (the light should flashing). Then the cover. Press the The head and the light flashes. the cover. Press the the back of the and of the as shown below. this sealable the four or its (Dont unwrapped.) the from its Dont the the front of the and the its The with the board the front of the
Press the clicks the cover, the top clicks, then the cover. Press the The charging the The light and lights and the Charging about seconds. finished, the light flashing and The light and the light the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Confirming the Swapped Cartridge Once the to that the the Right-click the Choose from the Click the then and Option Information the selected. Click OK
Click OK the Optional Cartridge Click OK the It to and the from which to the selections. the (OS and or (OS Select R2400 from the and the Click the Click the and the type. Then OK the
Advanced Black and White The Advanced B&W easily and toned black-and-white and offers black-and-white Advanced B&W advanced black-and-white These to without the to This only when Quality the following types: Paper-Heavyweight Enhanced White UltraSmooth Follow the of these sections to Advanced B&W OS X
and photo the and then or Preferences Select the Source and Click the Advanced necessary. The to the Advanced Click Advanced B&W the section. Select Advanced B&W Then choose option, or to options
Select option from the or to option. If the following appears: You the following Allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool, Warm, and that the the found the Allows to easily the tonal of and white Brightness: the and of Contrast: the the light and of and Highlight Tonality: Allows to tonality the or highlight of the of the the to lower. Highlight If to Highlight to reduce to the highlights of
Tone Click of this wheel or to the tone to to and white The to the of the wheel, the to and white Preview: the tone based Please this of the and OS and From the choose Select the R2400 the Format and choose the and Then OK Select from the Then the and R2400 Select from the Select the to Advanced Select Advanced B&W from the High
Select from the You the following Allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool, Warm, and that the the found the Tone Allows to easily the tonal of and white Brightness: the and of Contrast: the the light and of and Highlight Tonality: Allows to tonality the or highlight of the of the the to lower. Highlight If to Highlight to reduce to the highlights of
Click of this or to the tone to to and white The to the of the the to and white Preview: the tone based Please this of the and
Follow the instructions this chapter to its and to necessary: Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning only least once month to This section to the head the and Cleaning and the Head Cleaning utility. the and Cleaning first to the and clean the If with manually the head. You clean the head holding the the three seconds (when the light off).
Automatically Checking and Cleaning the Head The and Cleaning that the then reads to If cleaning the cleans the head. the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning If the appear, (and right-click EPSON R2400 and Preferences Select the and and Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R2400 OK and and Cleaning Follow the instructions the The and the shown below. If cleaning necessary, then cleans the head and and another The and to If head clogged, it displays on-screen to manually the head. Follow the instructions to the head, necessary. If the You turn the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
the Head Cleaning the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning If the appear, (and right-click EPSON R2400 and Preferences Select the and Head Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R2400 OK and Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about which the and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the light flashing, the Click then or Confirmation then Next The If the or (as shown below),
If the white or (as shown below), Clean to the head If cleaning the head three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then the head Cartridge the light flashes, the light to You the to the light indicating which or to replaced. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution
the Cartridge To of the following: Double-click the the You this: OS Choose Applications EPSON SP R2400 EPSON You this: Click to information about the Cartridges these within months of them and the the To and them. Other products to covered warranty. Light Light Black T059920 Light T059620 Light T059520 Light Black T059720 Black T059120 Black T059820 T059220 T059320 T059420
You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Cartridge Warning: of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You expended. the to the obtained the the head Removing and Cartridges Once the You whether the light off, flashing, or the turned (the light should flashing). Then the cover. Press the The head and the light flashes. If light flashing or (indicating or the cartridge(s) indicated beneath the light(s) to replaced. the cover.
Press the the back of the of the and of the four or its (Dont unwrapped.) the from its Dont the the front of the and the its The with the the front of the Press the clicks If to other through the cover, the top clicks, then the cover.
Press the The charging the The light and lights and the Charging about seconds. finished, the light flashing and The light and the light(s) the cartridge(s) off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the Head If or light or to the head. You the and the head or and yourself. Automatically the Head the turned least three sheets of Quality of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head If the appear, (and right-click EPSON R2400 and Preferences Select the and Head OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R2400 OK and Head
You this: Click the necessary, then OK On the The and and then and finished, the Manually the Head the turned Quality of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head If the appear, (and right-click EPSON R2400 and Preferences Select the and Head OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R2400 OK and Head Click the then OK You this as the On the the each with the least noticeable You to Select each through Then the each the the If the each to another and this the the
Cleaning the To its should Turn off the the cord, and the interface the then to the Clean the of the with cloth. the and cover closed as the If to clean of the of the cloth to clean the shown below: Warning: Dont the or the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or apply or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the Clean
the If to its or Follow these Turn the and the to right to the Turn off the the cord, and the interface the cover and the to the Then the cover. to the the its location. from the then the or the and the Repack the and its the using the protective that with them. the as the the Then If the head the head the to the
to what the of Then these sections and Software Quality Uninstalling and Software Where To Its to free to Download instructions
and cover closed IEEE Sheet and lights USB
The below the functions of the buttons. the and off. the the light or off. or the head to the and to its Prints and to the or multiple-sheet-feed Clears while Cleans the head. the seconds when the light off. to the or the sheet of the when seconds.
Lights The below the of the lights. Light On: of or the On: expended, or the Black or Black On: turned the lights below) or Lights Explanation light The or flashes or cleaning the head. light flashes then follow the to light expended, correctly, or with the Follow the to or the correctly. Flashing: isnt the currently selected path, or or charging or cleaning the head. The Black or Black the type the occurred.
Lights Explanation light or sheets light flashes head or trying to than the specified the light flashes light flashes If and the If sheets the to the then off and then instructions, instructions sheets of instructions or Path instructions or thick If off the and the the cover and or torn Then of the following: or Turn the and the off the then the and Path instructions or thick If to path, another path, the the path. or the head from to the or the and the front Turn off the the cover, and or torn or the front Then the back If the or
Lights Explanation light flashes light flashes light flashes You to whether from the or other Turn off and then the interface the the then and release the to the the light flashes. the ROM and If the the software interface or or software correctly. If the the the and Turn off the the interface and and unknown occurred. Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flashing, or
and and Software The installation. the its head about and finished (the light flashing) off the or the it the completely, the cover closed, and the Turn off the then back to clear the or the software. turned and its securely connected both Follow the the and the other including and protectors, and If with software If and the USB from the USB correctly. If the USB If on-screen Reference instructions selected as the the
the light nothing the interface securely connected both and the as If the software correctly. If as Reference The sounds as though nothing The head cleaning; instructions. The properly or when or awhile. too the You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the Select or the Quality/Speed to Turn High and off, If connected to USB USB USB connected to USB
Quality You (light Clean the head; instructions. Select higher and off High or (Macintosh). Select the or the of the whiter or The replacing; the head as or smeared. isnt curled, or sheet with or the specifications the on-screen Reference and absorption of If the types, smears, or other the head as Select the Thick software. Access the from the as follows: Click and and Option Information OS Select from the
or Clean the head; instructions. The or Select the or the isnt dirty, or face-down. Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution higher or higher the head as Increase the or software You or selected (Macintosh), when and white photographs, Advanced B&W Clean the head; instructions. The or
turning off PhotoEnhance using that the (Macintosh); exactly match on-screen to as as the Photoshop instructions If and/or yellow-brown or light, overexposed and or light-blue the or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. correctly. If or feed, from the the of the sheets, them the right of the and the the too tightly. Dont the arrow the If sheets of that than the the Press the to the If that the following: Turn off the from the
from the or the cover and Press the to clear the or feed correctly or the the of the straight If the or the feed smoothly. If the curled, the of and backwards the the the the the the and to force the Select as the Source or the and of the Other too instructions. If the three seconds to the the necessary). If the light the the as types, clearing of which then appear To this, of to of the clearing the front and the through the the white the back of the the and across. blow the
There or the from feeding properly. built the from feeding properly. Cleaning S041150) to the the cleaning that with they Follow these to the the the instruction from the of the cleaning follow the instructions the they Follow the instead. the cleaning the as shown below. the of the cleaning Press the to the through the the and to feed the through Then the cleaning
The inverted, as Turn off the software or the or instructions. The selected the or the or Clean the head; instructions. You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected both and the selected the or the or If switch or USB with the directly to instead. The incorrect. the or Choose the The within the of the Specifications on-screen Reference the right of the with the the correctly or
Too printed. that the option software or incorrect. the and options correctly. Uninstalling and Software You to and then and operating You to other software or the Reference Click and or to EPSON or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall the EPSON R2400 and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. when the Account then to then the to software. OS the Applications then the Select or R2400 and the Software CD-ROM
Double-click the SPR2400 then the Click Select Uninstall from the then follow the on-screen instructions to the software. then the sheet to software. Where To If with the information below. with other software that with Technical these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product R2400) Product (located the back of the and its of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the
Then U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Technical Other Software Software or Telephone AM to PM to
and Notices To and its software, that has: Microsoft PC with or higher 4-class, or higher recommended) XP, XP Professional Edition, or 512MB RAM (2GB recommended) 300MB (1GB recommended) or CD-ROM or DVD-ROM the software USB Windows-compliant USB or USB (recommended) and shielded USB AB USB recommended), IEEE-1394 IEEE-1394 and IEEE-1394 To and its software, that has: Apple with or G4 GHZ recommended), G5, or Core TM OS through 512MB RAM (2GB recommended) 300MB (1GB recommended) or CD-ROM or DVD-ROM the software USB shielded USB AB USB recommended), and
Instructions these instructions to and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or or or enough around the least inches the back of the and the the near or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or or the its or it upside-down. This allow to from the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off. or the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. and Notices
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of when there around the If off with and If them immediately with the or the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. cool, with the of the facing from allow to least three hours or from its from its this or tear the this the or to them. This the head. the IC the front of the This and If the supply from and and it the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding and Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B321A Inc. Warranty What Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the and from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the which the of the warranty the warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the SM and Notices
the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to Inc. P. O. CA and Notices
Index Photoshop, with, to Advanced B&W to Advanced Macintosh, to to head, to head to head cleaning, Background to to Blurry to Bright White Browser, to C Characters, incorrect, Checking Cleaning head, to to to with to ColorSync, to Custom to Custom to to Declaration of Conformity, to Edge Smoothing to Enhanced to PhotoCenter, warranty, to
Print, FCC Features, Head Cleaning to to other software, Troubleshooting High to ICM Incorrect characters, of to replacing, to instructions, Inverted to Macintosh, Light Black Light Light Black Lights, to photo to to software, to to Margins, incorrect, Black to Macintosh,
Network Check, to Macintosh, feeding to to to to sheets, to to Source Black RPM software, PhotoCenter, PhotoEnhance, Bright White Macintosh, head to cleaning, to Head to Quality to Macintosh, cleaning, to to to Macintosh, advanced, to basic, to advanced, to basic, to to software, to feeding, to to to software, to Quality Option Quality/Speed
Reference to software, to to options, to instructions, to Service, to Sheet to to to Smeared Software photo, summary, to Source to Technical to Testing Text Text Thick Transporting Troubleshooting, to Uninstalling software, to USB, and Head to Check, to Head to Warranty, to advanced to to software, to